art is a form of expression that has been present since the beginning of human civilization. it has allowed us to communicate complex ideas and emotions that would otherwise be difficult to express using words. however, one often debated topic in the world of art is whether or not it needs to be understandable to most people in order to have merit. while some argue that art should be able to be interpreted by anyone, others believe that it is okay for certain pieces of art to only be understood by a select few. in my opinion, i believe that for any work of art to have merit, it must be understandable to most people. in this essay, i will provide a few reasons to support my stance. firstly, art is a means of communication, and if it cannot communicate its message to most people, then it has failed in its purpose. every artist creates their art for a reason, whether it is to express their own emotions, to make a political statement, or to tell a story. it is important that the message they are trying to convey is understood by the audience. for example, a film that is made to raise awareness about a particular issue would be ineffective if it could only be understood by a select few. the goal of the filmmaker would be to reach as many people as possible to create a positive impact, and this would not be possible if the audience could not even understand what was being said. secondly, art is meant to evoke emotions and connect with people. if it cannot do this, then it is not fulfilling its purpose. when we watch a movie, read a book, or listen to music, we do so because we want to feel something. we want to be moved, to be inspired, or to be entertained. if a work of art cannot connect with its audience, then it is essentially meaningless. for example, a song that has lyrics that are so obscure that no one can understand them would not be able to connect with anyone emotionally. it would just be a jumble of sounds that had no meaning. lastly, art is a reflection of the society in which it is created. if it is not understandable to most people, then it becomes exclusive rather than inclusive. art should not be something that is reserved only for a select few. itshould be something that is accessible to everyone, regardless of their background or education level. when we create art that is only understood by a select few, we are essentially creating a divide between those who are deemed educated and those who are not. this is not the purpose of art, which should instead bring people together and create a sense of community. in conclusion, while some may argue that art does not need to be understandable to most people in order to have merit, i believe that it does. art is a means of communication, and if it cannot communicate its message to most people, then it has failed in its purpose. it is also meant to connect with people emotionally, and if it cannot do this, then it is essentially meaningless. lastly, art should be inclusive rather than exclusive, and if it is not understandable to most people, then it fails to do so. therefore, i believe that for any work of art to have merit, it must be understandable to most people.