there are many different opinions on whether children should be taught to compete or cooperate. some people believe that it is important for children to learn how to compete in order to be successful in life. others believe that it is more important for children to learn how to cooperate in order to get along with others. i believe that both of these skills are important, and that children should be taught to do both. competing and cooperating are both skills that people use in their everyday lives. competing can be important in order to achieve goals and be successful. however, cooperating can also be important in order to get along with others and achieve common goals. i believe that it is important for children to learn how to do both of these things. one reason why it is important for children to learn how to compete is because they will need to do it in order to be successful in life. in order to achieve goals, people often have to compete with others. for example, in order to get a job, someone might have to compete with other people for the position. in order to get into a good school, someone might have to compete with other students for a spot. in order to be successful, people often have to compete with others. another reason why it is important for children to learn how to compete is because it can help them learn how to be successful. when children compete, they often learn how to work hard and how to be determined. they learn how to set goals and how to achieve them. these are important skills for children to learn, and they can learn them by competing. however, i also believe that it is important for children to learn how to cooperate. one reason why is because people often have to cooperate in order to be successful. for example, in order to run a business, people often have to cooperate with each other. in order to create a product, people often have to cooperate with each other. in order to achieve a goal, people often have to cooperate with others. another reason why it is important for children to learn how to cooperate is because it can help them get along with others. when children cooperate, they learn how to work together and how to get along with others. this is an important skill, especially in todays world. with so many different people living in one place, it is important for children to learn how to get along with others. i believe that it is important for children to learn how to compete and cooperate. competing can help children learn how to be successful, and cooperating can help children learn how to get along with others. i think that it is important for children to learn both of these skills, and that they can learn them by competing and cooperating.