it is often said that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities. while this may be true in some cases, i believe that this is an overly negative assessment of the current generation of youth. in fact, many young people are actively involved in volunteering and other activities that benefit their communities. for example, in recent years there has been a surge in the number of young people involved in volunteer programs. these programs often involve activities such as tutoring, mentoring, and other activities that help to improve the lives of those in their communities. this is a great way for young people to get involved in their communities and to make a difference. additionally, many young people are also involved in fundraising activities such as charity walks, bake sales, and other events that raise money for important causes. these activities help to raise awareness about important issues and to bring much needed funds to organizations that are working to make a difference. furthermore, young people are often involved in community service projects. these projects can range from helping to clean up parks and public spaces to organizing events and activities that bring people together. these projects are often organized by youthled organizations that are dedicated to creating positive change in their communities. these organizations often have a great impact on their communities, as they are able to bring people together and to inspire others to get involved. in addition to the activities mentioned above, young people are also involved in a variety of other activities that benefit their communities. for example, many young people are involved in political activism and advocacy, which helps to raise awareness about important issues and to bring about positive change. additionally, young people are often involved in educational initiatives, such as tutoring programs, which help to improve the educational outcomes of those in their communities. overall, it is clear that young people are actively involved in a variety of activities that benefit their communities. from volunteer programs to political activism, young people are making a difference in their communities. therefore, it is unfair to say that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities.