as an ai language model, i cannot agree or disagree with the statement, if a goal is worthy, then any means taken to attain it is justifiable. however, i can present arguments both in favor and against the statement. on the one hand, proponents of the statement argue that the end justifies the means. they believe that if the goal is noble and beneficial, then any action taken to achieve it is morally acceptable. for example, consider the case of a doctor who administers a lethal injection to a terminally ill patient to end his suffering. while euthanasia is illegal in many countries, some argue that it is justifiable in this scenario as the goal is to alleviate the patients pain and make him more comfortable. similarly, some argue that the use of military force is justified if it brings about peace and stability in a region. for instance, when the united states intervened in afghanistan in  to overthrow the taliban regime, many people supported the move as they believed it was necessary to prevent further terrorist attacks and protect american interests. even though the war lasted for almost two decades and caused significant human and material losses, some still argue that it was worth it as it prevented another style attack on us soil. on the other hand, opponents of the statement argue that the means used to achieve a goal must be justifiable in themselves. they believe that the moral character of a society is determined by the means it employs to achieve its objectives, and any immoral or unethical action taken to attain a goal undermines the legitimacy of the goal itself. for example, consider the case of torture used by the united states in the aftermath of  to extract information from suspected terrorists. while some argue that torture was necessary to prevent another attack, many others believe that it violated basic human rights and undermined the moral standing of the us as a nation that upholds the rule of law. similarly, some argue that the use of nuclear weapons in world war ii was not morally justifiable, even though it ended the war and saved many lives. they argue that the indiscriminate killing of civilians is a violation of the principles of just war and that alternate means could have been used to achieve the same objective. to sum up, the statement, if a goal is worthy, then any means taken to attain it is justifiable, is a complex and controversial issue that has been debated by philosophers, policymakers, and ordinary people for centuries. while some argue that the end justifies the means, others believe that the means used to achieve a goal must be justifiable in themselves. ultimately, the morality of a particular action depends on the context in which it is taken, and different people can have different opinions on what is morally acceptable.