there are a few schools of thought in regards to whether children should learn to compete or cooperate. on one hand, some people believe that children should be taught to compete in order to better prepare them for the real world. they argue that competition is a natural part of life and that children need to learn how to deal with it in order to be successful. on the other hand, others believe that children should be taught to cooperate in order to promote teamwork and social skills. they argue that cooperation is a more effective way to get things done and that it helps children develop important life skills. personally, i believe that children should be taught to cooperate. i think that cooperation is a more effective way to get things done and that it helps children develop important life skills. i also think that competition is a natural part of life and that children need to learn how to deal with it in order to be successful. however, i believe that cooperation is a more important skill for children to learn. one reason why i believe that cooperation is a more important skill for children to learn is because it is a more effective way to get things done. when children cooperate, they are able to pool their resources and talents in order to achieve a common goal. this is often more effective than having children compete against each other, as each child is trying to achieve their own individual goal. another reason why i believe that cooperation is a more important skill for children to learn is because it helps children develop important life skills. when children cooperate, they learn how to communicate and work with others. they also learn how to compromise and resolve conflicts. these are all important life skills that children need in order to be successful. while i believe that competition is a natural part of life and that children need to learn how to deal with it in order to be successful, i believe that cooperation is a more important skill for children to learn. i think that cooperation is a more effective way to get things done and that it helps children develop important life skills.