i believe that the internet will never completely replace the book or the written word as the main source of information. there are a few reasons for this. first, the internet is not always reliable. for example, if you are looking for information about a specific topic, you may not be able to find it on the internet. second, the internet can be difficult to use. for example, if you are trying to find information about a specific topic, you may not be able to find it if you do not know how to search for it. third, the internet can be expensive. for example, if you want to buy a book about a specific topic, you may have to pay for it. fourth, the internet can be distracting. for example, if you are trying to focus on your work, you may not be able to if you are constantly on the internet. fifth, the internet can be dangerous. for example, if you are looking for information about a specific topic, you may be able to find information that is dangerous if you are not careful. sixth, the internet can be misleading. for example, if you are looking for information about a specific topic, you may be able to find information that is not true. seventh, the internet can be boring. for example, if you are trying to read a book, you may not be able to if you are constantly on the internet. eighth, the internet can be confusing. for example, if you are trying to read a book, you may not be able to understand it if you are not familiar with the language. ninth, the internet can be distracting. for example, if you are trying to focus on your work, you may not be able to if you are constantly on the internet. tenth, the internet can be overwhelming. for example, if you are trying to read a book, you may not be able to if there are too many things to look at. finally, the internet can be impersonal. for example, if you are trying to talk to someone, you may not be able to if you are on the internet. all of these reasons make it difficult for the internet to completely replace the book or the written word as the main source of information. however, i do believe that the internet will continue to play a role in our lives and will be an important part of our history.