in the age of digital media and evergrowing technology, it is easy to forget about the traditional art form of photography. from its humble beginnings in the early s to todays stateoftheart equipment, photography has been an integral part of our lives for centuries. despite all its advances and changes, however, some photographers still choose to work with film rather than modern digital cameras. one such photographer is ansel adams. his iconic black and white photos capture natures beauty almost perfectly. one can only imagine how much more difficult it must have been when he was taking pictures on film in the s and s compared to now! yet despite this difficulty adams managed not only to take stunning photographs that are still admired around the world today but also pioneered a completely new style of photography by introducing zone system metering into his technique which allowed him control over specific areas within his frame giving him unprecedented levels of detail even amongst other film based photographers at that time. through trial and error and experimenting with different types of films as well as developing techniques like solarization where prints were exposed twice adams was able create beautiful works using nothing more than a camera loaded with film stock paper and chemicals  no computer algorithms or fancy software involved! this demonstrates just how powerful photography can be without having any access whatsoever to modern technology . . it goes without saying then that although digital cameras provide us with many advantages they do not replace the experience or skill required when working with analogue materials nor should they be expected too seeing as those who use them are often left unable recreate images such as those taken by adams due purely their lack knowledge regarding proper exposure times shutter speed etc. theres something special about old fashioned physical darkroom printing where you get your hands dirty literally manipulating light chemistry contrast etc. for these reasons why so many people including professional award winning photographers continue shoot on film even today for certain projects because ultimately quality comes from understanding craftsmanship which