the notion of a global university designed to engage students in the process of solving the worlds most persistent social problems is an attractive one. the idea of a university created to foster collaboration among students of different nations and disciplines to tackle some of the most pressing human issues is inspiring and a powerful call to action. while i agree that all nations should support the development of this global university, i believe that it is the responsibility of those in positions of power to ensure its success. to begin, i believe all nations should support this global university in the form of financial contributions. as with any new venture, the development of a university of this scale will require significant funding for infrastructure, research and development, faculty, and student aid. such an undertaking is often beyond the scope of any single nation, so it is important to leverage resources from multiple sources. in addition to financial contributions, nations should also use their respective political capitals to support the development of this global university. this could be done by advocating for the university to become a priority at the united nations, or by negotiating international agreements that would honor the universitys mission and objectives. further, nations could lend the weight of their voices to encourage the support of other nations, philanthropists, and global organizations to join the effort. finally, i believe that those in positions of power should prioritize the development of this global university. too often, shortterm solutions are chosen over longterm investments in education and social justice. if global leaders are serious about tackling the worlds most persistent social problems, they must prioritize the development of initiatives such as this global university. this means advocating for the university at the highest levels of government, investing more resources and energy into its development, and leveraging the international networks of those in power to generate public and private support. in conclusion, all nations should and must support the development of a global university to engage students in the process of solving the worlds most persistent social problems. it is a noble and ambitious undertaking, but one that is worth investing in. nations can support this university with financial contributions and political capital, but it is the responsibility of those in positions of power to prioritize its development and ensure its success.