the population on earth is increasing rapidly, and with the development of modern industry, more and more people are flowing into cities. the problem is that there are not enough jobs for all the people who are moving into the cities, so they are living in slums. in order to solve this problem, it is necessary to move people out of cities and into rural areas, where they will be able to find jobs and live in a more comfortable environment. this is exactly what is being done in many countries around the world. for example, in the united states, there is a program called the community reinvestment act cra, which was passed by congress in . it is designed to help lowincome people in urban areas by providing them with low interest loans to buy homes, which they can then renovate and sell at a profit. there are many other similar programs, such as the homeownership opportunity program hop and the lowincome housing tax credit lihtc. these programs have been very successful in helping people move from cities to rural communities. they have also helped to reduce crime and improve the quality of life for the residents of these areas. however, these programs do not solve the problem of housing and traffic congestion, because people still have to drive to and from their jobs. therefore, they still need to use public transportation. how do you see the future of the internet? will it continue to grow as it has in recent years, or will itslow down and eventually die out? i believe that the internet is here to stay for a long time to come. i think that it will become more important than ever for people to communicate with each other and to share information with one another. people will use it for many different purposes, including business, education, entertainment, health care, government, sports, religion, politics, etc. we are already seeing a lot of growth in this area, especially in developing countries like china, india, indonesia, the philippines, brazil and many others. these countries have a huge need for information and communication technology, but they lack the infrastructure to provide it to their citizens. as a result, many of them are still using dialup modems and slow internet connections. internet access is still very expensive in these countries, making it very difficult for