the shifting culture around car usage, as discussed by various sources, presents a picture of a future where limiting car usage is not only advantageous but perhaps even inevitable. this essay explores some of the key benefits of reducing dependency on personal vehicles, as highlighted by a multicity experience in europe, colombia, and the united states. firstly, rosenthals discussion of the german suburb of vauban paints a vivid picture of a carlight society passage . in vauban,  of residents have chosen to live without a car, thanks to a city model that welcomes pedestrians and restricts vehicle ownership and usage within the city. this creates a less stressful and quieter environment, as residents are not constantly burdened by the tension that comes with owning and maintaining a car. furthermore, vaubans streets are almost entirely carfree, fostering a safe and serene atmosphere passage . aside from the evident lifestyle benefits, limiting car usage contributes to an important global cause reducing greenhouse gas emissions. as rosenthal underlines, passenger cars account for  to  percent of these emissions varying by geographical location passage . therefore, a decrease in personal vehicles usage, as seen in vauban, can significantly contribute to the combat against climate change. even on a temporary basis, a limitation on car usage has shown positive results. in paris for example, a partial driving ban was enforced due to nearrecord pollution levels. as a result, smog congestion decreased by  passage . this demonstrates how targeted initiatives to limit car usage can significantly improve air quality in a relatively short span of time, thereby creating healthier living conditions in urban areas. a similar approach was undertaken in bogota, in the form of a carfree day passage . this policy encouraged alternative transportation methods, reducing air pollution while simultaneously promoting healthier options such as biking or walking. rosenthal also speculates that a wider societal shift is currently underway in the united states, with people buying fewer cars, driving less, and obtaining fewer licenses passage . this cultural shift, driven by various factors  the internet and telecommuting, urban living appeal, and flexible commuting arrangements, among others  is projected by some to continue into the future passage . in conclusion, limiting car usage confers numerous advantages. it can contribute to the improvement of our mental wellbeing, urban air quality, and climate health. furthermore, the emergence of carlight communities and a possible cultural shift in attitudes toward owning cars signal a sustainable and responsible future. nonetheless, necessary infrastructural changes and public policies should be instituted to further encourage this shift and guide our world towards a more sustainable future.