the university education is not only for preparing students for employment. it is also for providing students with the skills and knowledge they need to be successful in their careers. some of the functions of the university education include providing students with the opportunity to learn new things, to develop their skills, and to develop relationships with other students and faculty. one example of how the university education can help students in their careers is by providing them with the skills they need to be successful in their jobs. for example, a university education can give students the skills they need to be successful in their jobs as scientists, engineers, or doctors. these skills can include the ability to think critically, to work well in a team, and to solve problems. another function of the university education is to provide students with the opportunity to learn new things. this opportunity can be found in the classroom, in the library, and in the laboratories. in the classroom, students can learn about different subjects such as mathematics, science, and history. in the library, students can access books and other materials that can help them learn more about the subjects they are studying. in the laboratories, students can learn how to do experiments and how to use the scientific method. the university education also provides students with the opportunity to develop their skills. for example, students can learn how to write well, how to speak in public, and how to present their ideas. these skills can help students in their careers when they are looking for a job. finally, the university education provides students with the opportunity to develop relationships with other students and faculty. these relationships can be beneficial in a number of ways. for example, these relationships can help students learn more about the subjects they are studying. they can also help students develop skills such as teamwork and communication. these skills can be useful when students are looking for a job.