the question of how technology has changed our lives is one that has been debated for many years. while it can be argued that technology is essential to modern life, there are downsides to its widespread usage and potential dangers which should not be neglected. in this essay i will discuss the ways in which the internet and social media have impacted us both positively and negatively, as well as highlighting some strategies we can use to ensure safe usage of tech. one of the most obvious advantages of technology is convenience with just a few clicks or taps on a mobile device we can access vast amounts of information from anywhere in the world. we no longer need to rely on visiting physical libraries or waiting days for newspapers instead news stories are regularly updated online within minutes or seconds after they happen. furthermore, through sites like skype people living far away from home can communicate easily using video calls  something previously impossible without expensive equipment such as satellite phones!. on the flip side however, too much reliance on technology poses serious risks to users privacy. social networking websites allow companies and governments an unprecedented level of insight into our personal data combined with facial recognition software individuals could soon find themselves monitored wherever they go  whether at home or abroad. moreover cyberbullying via social media has become increasingly common in recent years  affecting peoples mental health adversely, sometimes leading them down dark paths such as self harm or even suicide attempts. to reduce these risks it is important that tech users understand their rights regarding privacy and data protection laws by managing profile settings carefully you can limit who sees what information about you online e.g facebook allows users to restrict friending requests. it is also wise not share any personal details publicly unless absolutely necessary especially things like bank account numbers or passwords! finally being mindful about how much time you spend online prevents unhealthy behaviours related to spending too long playing gamesbrowsing etc. allowing yourself set periods offline each day will