with the increasing use of technology in our lives, many of us are becoming increasingly disconnected from our physical and emotional worlds. we now spend our days staring at screens, tapping away on devices and skimming through digital content, rather than engaging with the world around us. here are five reasons why i disagree with the increased use of technology in my life. firstly, i believe its important to keep a balance between technological and natural elements of life. too much time spent with screens and devices will lead us to miss out on important connections and experiences found in the real world, such as interactions with nature, conversations with our peers, and simply the joy of physical play outside. for example, a recent outing to the beach with family has highlighted the beauty of our natural environment and the importance of connecting with the physical world. secondly, the heavy reliance on technology can be detrimental to our mental health. mental health researchers now suggest heavy use of technology can lead to a range of mental health problems, such as depression, anxiety and attention deficithyperactivity disorder. by shutting out reality and replacing it with the digital one, we neglect our need for meaningful human interaction and emotional attachment. thirdly, technology can be a huge distraction from tasks we need to complete. apps such as facebook, twitter, tiktok, instagram, and snapchat have the potential to keep us on our devices for hours, without us even realising it. we can lose precious time that could be spent on more important tasks or even relaxation activities such as going for a walk, reading a book or listening to music. fourthly, technology can make us lazy. instead of walking to the local store or post office, we can just order what we need online. we no longer have to leave our homes for entertainment, we can just access that online instead. eventually this can lead to a decrease in physical fitness, leading to further health issues. finally, misuse of technology could potentially lead to cybercrime or other forms of digital fraud. we can fall into the trap of clicking on malicious links or downloading software from false sources, leaving our personal information exposed and vulnerable. it is clear why i disagree with the increased use of technology in my life. in order to live a balanced and fulfilling life, we must be mindful of the amount of time we spend interacting with technology and taking it away from other activities.