nowadays, people have paid more and more attention to degree certificates. for example, in many institutions, ones promotion is primarily decided by whether one has obtained a graduate degree or not. a growing number of critics say that if this tendency goes to the extreme, young people may be misled. a degree certificate can reflect only ones academic achievements but not all abilities essential for successful career. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of roughly  words. i agree that if the current trend of valuing degree certificates to the exclusion of all else continues, it could lead young people astray. a degree certificate does indeed reflect a persons academic achievements, but there is more to success than that. to be successful in ones career, other abilities, such as interpersonal skills, problemsolving skills, and the ability to think outside the box, are essential. interpersonal skills are important in any career. in order to be successful, one must be able to communicate effectively with others. this includes being able to listen as well as speak. one must also be able to build relationships and work well in a team. these skills are not always easy to come by, and they are not always reflected in a degree certificate. problemsolving skills are another essential ingredient for success. in any career, there will be times when things do not go according to plan. when this happens, it is important to be able to think on ones feet and come up with a solution. this skill is not always easy to learn, and it is not always reflected in a degree certificate. the ability to think outside the box is also important. in todays everchanging world, it is important to be able to adapt and change with the times. this means being able to think outside the box and come up with new and innovative ideas. this skill is not always easy to learn, and it is not always reflected in a degree certificate. while i agree that degree certificates are important, i do not think that they should be valued to the exclusion of all else. there are other skills and abilities that are essential for success.