the concept of selfcare has become increasingly popular in recent years as a way for people to look after their mental and physical health. selfcare is about taking time out for yourself, engaging in activities that help you relax or provide comfort, or making changes to your lifestyle that are beneficial for your wellbeing. with the current covid pandemic, it has never been more important to prioritize self care practices such as mindfulness and relaxation techniques. one key aspect of selfcare is eating nutritious meals that fuel our body with the essential vitamins and minerals it needs. eating healthy can be beneficial both mentally and physically research shows that certain foods like fruits and vegetables can increase dopamine levels which improves mood, while other nutrient dense foods may boost energy levels throughout the day. its also important to limit processed foods high in sugar as these can cause spikes in blood sugar levels which could lead to feelings of tiredness or fatigue during the day. taking time each week to meal plan ahead so grocery shopping isnt rushed will ensure access to healthier options when cooking meals at home. another important part of prioritizing selfcare is getting enough sleep every night  this means going to bed at reasonable times rather than staying up late binging television series on netflix! sleep helps improve concentration during work hours by giving us sufficient rest from long days being well rested gives us the energy we need for better focus when tackling tasks throughout our days. additionally, exercise also plays an important role within a self care routine regular workouts helps improve fitness levels but also bring about positive psychological benefits such as increased endorphins the feel good hormone or reducing stress hormones such as cortisol which contribute towards feeling relaxed afterwards too! finally make sure you spend some quality me time doing activities you enjoy such reading a book or listening music this allows us step away from our daily dutiesresponsibilities even if its just  minutes per day to return feeling refreshed afterwards!