the world of competitive cheerleading has grown in popularity over the past several years, becoming one of the most popular sports for young people to participate in. as such, it is important for those who are interested in taking part to understand how this unique sport works and how best to stay safe while competing. first off, when talking about competitive cheerleading there are two main divisions alevel and blevel. generally speaking, alevel teams practice more often than blevel teams and perform more complicated stunts than their counterparts. on the other hand, blevel teams focus on perfecting fundamentals before progressing onto higher level skills. in addition to these two divisions there is also a cdivision that focuses on introducing younger children into the world of cheerleading by teaching them basic movements and cheers with no additional stunting involved yet. when it comes down to safety precautions within competitive cheerleading there are many things that must be taken into consideration due to the physically demanding nature of this sport. coaches must ensure proper spotting techniques are being used during stunt rehearsals and performances as well as making sure all participants have been properly trained prior to attempting any lift or stunt sequence this includes but is not limited too strength training, flexibility work, learning correct technique and having knowledge of what condition each participant is currently in i.e fatigue levels. additionally coaches should ensure whole squads warm up together prior practicesperformances so that muscles can become activated before beginning difficult sequences which can reduce risk of injury significantly . moreover athletes themselves should always pay attention durning practise sessions so they can spot potential risks before attempting any skillstunt as well as take regular breaks when needed instead running through drills till exhaustion takes hold which increases likeliness an accident may occur due fatigue setting in mid routine etc. . in conclusion ,competitive cheerleading offers a great opportunity for young people express themselves athletically while also having fun with peers however its very important all parties