in the past, life was much harder than it is now. people had to work hard for everything they wanted, and they had to be selfreliant to survive. however, with modern conveniences and luxuries, people have become less independent and less strong. while there are certainly arguments to be made for the benefits of modern life, i believe that overall, it has had a negative impact on our ability to be strong and independent individuals. one of the main reasons for this is that modern life is very easy. we have access to a vast array of conveniences and luxuries that make our lives much easier than they were in the past. we have cars that can take us anywhere we want to go, machines that do our laundry and dishes for us, and smartphones that provide us with instant access to information and entertainment. while these things certainly make our lives more comfortable, they also make us less selfreliant. we no longer have to work hard to get what we want, and this can lead to a lack of motivation and a sense of entitlement. in addition, modern life is very safe. we have laws and regulations that keep us safe, and we have access to medical care that can treat almost any ailment. while this is certainly a good thing, it also means that we are less likely to face the kinds of challenges that build character and strength. in the past, people had to be strong and resilient to survive. they had to be able to endure hardship and overcome adversity. today, we are much less likely to face these kinds of challenges, and this can make us less resilient and less able to cope with adversity when it does arise. another factor that has contributed to our lack of independence is the fact that we are much more connected to other people than we were in the past. with social media and other forms of communication, we are able to stay in touch with friends and family members no matter where we are. while this is certainly convenient, it also means that we are less able to function independently. we are constantly connected to others, and this can make it difficult to make decisions and take actions on our own. finally, modern life is very comfortable. we have access to all kinds of entertainment and leisure activities that keep us entertained and occupied. while this is certainly enjoyable, it can also make us less motivated to pursue our goals and dreams. we are less likely to take risks and push ourselves outside of our comfort zones when we are content with the way things are. in conclusion, while there are certainly many benefits to modern life, i believe that it has had a negative impact on our ability to be strong and independent individuals. we have become too reliant on conveniences and luxuries, and we are less able to cope with adversity and challenges. if we want to become stronger and more independent, we need to be willing to push ourselves outside of our comfort zones and take on challenges that will help us grow and develop.