these days, owning a cell phone has become extremely common. however, using a cell phone while driving can be dangerous and should be avoided. there are a few key reasons why drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any way when operating a vehicle. first and foremost, using a cell phone greatly distracts the driver from paying full attention to the road. whether its texting, talking, or looking at the phones screen, these activities take the drivers eyes and mind off of their primary task  safely navigating the vehicle. even handsfree use can be distracting as the mental focus shifts to the phone conversation instead of watching for other vehicles and pedestrians. distracted driving puts not only the driver at risk, but also all other people sharing the road. second, research has shown that driving while using a cell phone slows reaction times as much as having a blood alcohol content at the legal limit of intoxication. being engaged with a phone impairs a persons ability to drive as safely and responsively as someone who is not distracted. slowed reaction times make it much harder to avoid accidents in emergency situations. if alcohol similarly impairs driving, cell phones should be treated the same way in terms of rules about use behind the wheel. finally, cell phone use has been a primary cause of a rising number of car accidents in recent years. according to statistics, car crashes resulting from cell phone use have increased significantly. banning cell phone utilization altogether is a logical step that could help lower accident rates and save lives on the road. if a law helps cut down on dangerous behaviors endangering public safety, it should be enacted. in conclusion, operating a vehicle requires undivided attention on the task of driving to ensure safety for all people using public roads. as cell phone activities distract drivers and research links phones to driving impairment and more crashes, drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones whatsoever while in control of a moving vehicle. maintaining a ban on cell phone use is reasonable and advisable to help curb accidents caused by driver distraction from phones.