i believe that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well. this is because they know that if they do what they are comfortable with, they will likely not achieve their goals. however, if they take a risk and try something new, they may find that their new venture is more successful than they expected. one example of a successful person who takes risks is tom cruise. cruise was once considered a risktaker and was known for his daredevil stunts and films such as the mission impossible and the abyss. however, after starring in the mission impossible and the abyss, cruise began to receive critical acclaim for his more serious films. this showed that he was not only a daredevil, but he could also make films that were wellreceived. another example of a successful person who takes risks is steve jobs. jobs was once considered one of the most successful entrepreneurs of all time. he was known for his innovative products and his role in the apple company. however, after he left apple, he was known for his negative attitude and his lack of success with his other businesses. this showed that, even though he was a successful entrepreneur, he was not a risktaker. still, others may argue that, because some people are more likely to succeed than others, everyone should try new things and take risks. this is because, if everyone tried new things and took risks, there would be very few successful businesses left in the world. however, i believe that, while it is important to try new things and take risks, it is also important to do so in a responsible way. for example, i believe that it is important to not use risky business practices such as shortterm profits or making too much money on a single project. these practices can often lead to failure, and they are not the types of risks that successful people take. instead, successful people are typically willing to take more risks and are more willing to experiment with their products and services. this is because, while it may be difficult, it is important to be able to take risks in order to achieve success. if you are not willing to take risks, you will likely not be able to achieve your goals.