a notable downside of the prevalence of electronic dictionaries in english learning is that they may lead students to become reliant on them, as they may no longer have the ability to spell correctly. for this reason, it has been suggested that the overuse of electronic dictionaries may have a negative effect on the spelling ability of english learners. the following are three specific reasons why reliance on electronic dictionaries may lead to a decline in spelling ability . electronic dictionaries are not always reliable. a number of studies have shown that electronic dictionaries can be unreliable when it comes to providing accurate spellings of words. for example, the version of the word lady that is found in an electronic dictionary may not be the same as the version that is found in a standard dictionary. this can lead students to make mistakes when trying to spell words that they find in an electronic dictionary. . electronic dictionaries do not always contain the most uptodate spellings. many electronic dictionaries do not always include the most uptodate spellings of words. for example, the version of the word lady that is found in an electronic dictionary may not be the same as the version that is found in a standard dictionary. this can lead students to make mistakes when trying to spell words that they find in an electronic dictionary. . electronic dictionaries may not be as reliable as standard dictionaries when it comes to providing pronunciations of words. electronic dictionaries may not always include the most accurate pronunciations of words. for example, the version of the word lady that is found in an electronic dictionary may not include the correct pronunciation of the word. this can lead students to make mistakes when trying to pronounce words that they find in an electronic dictionary. all of these factors may lead students to make spelling mistakes when they are using electronic dictionaries. as a result, reliance on electronic dictionaries may lead to a decline in students spelling ability.