the topic of this essay is the impact of technology on the music industry. technology has revolutionized many aspects of human life, but perhaps none more than the music industry. over recent decades, technological advancements have drastically altered how we discover and consume music from records players to mps, streaming services and beyond. these changes have had both positive and negative effects on musicians while also reshaping our own personal experiences with sound. one of the most significant impacts that technology has had on the music industry is in terms of distribution. with digital formats such as mps being introduced in sera napster or now popular streaming services such as spotify or apple music, its easier than ever to access vast catalogues at a moments notice  something unheardof just  years ago! this newfound convenience means that artists can reach much larger audiences all over the world with minimal effort  a positive effect for those who are able to make money off albumtrack sales or royalties from these platforms although not every artist makes enough money using these methods. however, it must be noted that this shift away from physical format sales has resulted in lower overall profits for record labels due to decreased demand for cdsvinyl etc compared to streaming revenues  an issue which still persists today despite efforts by some companies to even out their losses by introducing subscription models etc. in addition to improving how people access new music releases online, one could argue that modern technologies are actually changing what kind of songs they like too! in particular autotune settings employed within audio production software have allowed producers and engineers alike create sounds never before heard manipulating pitch  tones so accurately it almost feels like cheating! while these techniques may lead towards perfect sounding vocals amongst mainstream pop tracks  edm bangers  giving them an uncanny robotic quality when compared against naturally singing voices  there is no denying its huge influence across multiple genres including hip hop  r