technology has advanced rapidly over the past few decades, with new developments being made almost daily in many different areas. as a result, there have been debates over what the primary goal of technological advancement should be. some argue that itshould be to increase the efficiency of peoples jobs, while others argue that itshould be to make life more enjoyable. in my opinion, the primary goal of technological advancement should be to increase peoples efficiency so that they have more leisure time. first of all, increasing peoples efficiency through technological advancement can help to reduce the amount of time it takes to complete a task. this can save people both time and energy, which can be especially beneficial for people who are already struggling to cope with the demands of their job. automation and robotics can be used to take on the more tedious and timeconsuming tasks that humans would otherwise need to do, allowing people to focus their energy on more important tasks. for instance, robots are now being used in many factories and warehouses to automate processes and help manage inventories. this has allowed workers to focus their attention on more important tasks, such as customer relations and product innovation, which can help to improve their job satisfaction. in addition, technological advancement can also be used to improve the safety of peoples jobs. with the help of improved safety protocols and automated systems, the risk of workplace accidents can be significantly reduced. this is especially important for workers in hazardous industries, such as mining and construction. for instance, many construction companies are now using drones to undertake surveying tasks, thus reducing the risk of human workers falling from heights or being exposed to hazardous materials. finally, technological advancement can also help to reduce the need for people to work long hours. by increasing peoples efficiency, it can become possible to complete a given task in a shorter amount of time, thus reducing the need for people to work overtime. this can help people to have more leisure time to spend with their families or pursue hobbies. for example, the introduction of automated customer service systems has allowed businesses to handle customer inquiries more efficiently, thus reducing the need for customer service staff to work late hours. in conclusion, it is my opinion that the primary goal of technological advancement should be to increase peoples efficiency so that they have more leisure time. by automating tedious and timeconsuming tasks, improving safety protocols, and reducing the need for people to work long hours, technological advancement can help to give people the extra time they need to pursue activities that make their lives more enjoyable.