companies spend a considerable amount of money in marketing of their products. they do this because they want you to buy their product. if you do not buy the product, they will not make any money. i agree with this statement. i have seen many advertisements on television, in magazines, on the internet, and in books that make itseem as if the advertised product is better or more effective than it really is. for example, i recently saw an advertisement in a magazine that said, if you want to lose weight, eat less and exercise more. the advertisement showed a picture of a person eating a hamburger. the person was wearing a pair of jeans and a tshirt. in the advertisement, the person looked like he or she was in great shape. however, when i looked at the picture, it was obvious that the man was not in good shape at all. he had a large belly and his arms and legs were very skinny. this advertisement made me think that if i were to eat more hamburgers, my weight would go down and i would be able to run faster and jump higher than i was before. on the other hand, this advertisement did not tell me anything about how much exercise i should be doing or how many calories i needed to be eating each day. it just told me that eating more and exercising more would help me lose the weight i had gained in the past. when i saw the same advertisement a few days later, there was no mention of the fact that my body weight had not gone down, but that it had actually gone up. so, what was the difference between the two advertisements? the first advertisement was misleading because it made it appear as though the advertiser was telling me what to do, while in fact, he was just trying to sell me a product that he knew would not work for me. another example of this type of advertisement is the television commercial for a weightloss program that shows a woman who has lost a lot of weight and is now looking great. she is shown walking down the street with her arms outstretched and smiling. then the commercial cuts to a man who is standing next to her and he is looking at her with disgust and disgust is written all over his face. what is going on in this commercial? is the woman really looking better