drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle in todays world, cell phones have become nearly ubiquitous. however, using a cell phone while driving can seriously endanger the lives of the driver and others on the road. as technology continues to rapidly advance and phones become more distracting with each new feature, allowing any cell phone use behind the wheel has become too risky. for this reason, drivers should not be permitted to use cell phones in any capacity when operating a motor vehicle. numerous studies have found that using a cell phone while driving can impair a driver as much as having a blood alcohol concentration level at the legal drunk driving limit. this is because answering or making phone calls, texting, checking notifications and using apps requires the drivers visual attention to be diverted from the road. even handsfree use has been shown to negatively impact focus, reaction time and safety. any cell phone distraction, no matter how brief, increases the likelihood of an accident occurring. distracted driving from cell phone use has become a major public safety issue. according to the national highway traffic safety administration, in  alone there were an estimated , people killed in crashes involving distracted drivers. many of these deaths could have been prevented if drivers simply left their phones alone while operating a vehicle. the risks to others sharing the road do not justify any cell phone activity behind the wheel. permitting some cell phone uses but not others could also prove overly confusing for drivers and difficult for law enforcement to regulate. a total ban on cell phone use is the simplest, most clearcut approach to promote road safety. while technology continues to evolve rapidly, one thing remains certain  that the safe and responsible choice is for drivers to keep both hands on the wheel and all attention focused forward on the road at all times. for the protection of both drivers and the public alike, cell phones should have no place in moving vehicles.