the dangers of smoking cigarettes are something that cannot be overstated. for years, smokers have been warned about the risks associated with this habit, but many still continue to smoke anyway. unfortunately, these warnings seem to go unheeded due to a lack of understanding about just how serious the health implications can be. this essay will explore some of the most significant dangers associated with cigarette smoking and explain why it is so important for people to take them seriously. to start off, smoking cigarettes leads directly to an increased risk of cancer in multiple parts of the body such as lungs, throat and mouth. the main ingredient in tobacco smoke is tar a sticky substance that coats your lungs when inhaled and causes cells within them to mutate or change into cancerous tumors. additionally, many chemicals found in cigarette smoke are known carcinogens  meaning they have been proven to cause cancer if ingested or breathed into your body on a regular basis. not only does this increase the likelihood of developing lung cancer specifically, but it also puts you at greater risk for other types of cancers like throat and oral cavity cancers as well since much of this same toxic material gets deposited there too when smoked over time. another major danger posed by smoking cigarettes has more immediate consequences respiratory illnesses or conditions such copd chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. cigarette smoke contains hundreds different substances which irritate your lungs making them susceptible infection from bacteria normally harmless leading inflammation difficulty breathing along with shortness breath during physical activity everyday tasks like taking shower climbing stairs even thinking about going up hill walking long distances become increasingly harder because airways constrict more quickly due lack oxygen being able get inside bloodstream efficiently causing medical issues ranging mild chronic cough asthma severe cases pneumonia bronchitis emphysema all these effects not only make peoples lives miserable negatively impact their performance work school activities living any kind quality life difficult dangerous even death could result if left untreated properly monitored under doctors care . . lastly , another