the issue of whether to tell a family member about a cancer diagnosis has been a controversial one for many years. in the western world, it is generally accepted that it is illegal to withhold such information from the patient. however, in the chinese culture, it is common practice to not tell the patient the truth. i disagree with this traditional practice and believe that itshould be changed in order to keep up with the times. to begin with, it is important to consider the psychological impact that withholding such information can have on the patient. being diagnosed with cancer is a lifechanging moment and it can be incredibly difficult to process and cope with. if the patient is not given the opportunity to be informed of the diagnosis, it can lead to feelings of betrayal and mistrust, which can further complicate their mental state. furthermore, it can be difficult to make decisions and take action if the patient is not aware of the severity of their condition. for example, they may not be able to make informed decisions about treatment options and may not be able to access the best possible care. in addition, it is important to consider the physical impact of withholding such information. by not being informed of the diagnosis, the patient may not be able to take the necessary steps to improve their condition. they may not be able to access the best available treatments or make lifestyle changes to improve their health and wellbeing. furthermore, the patient may not be able to access the necessary support and resources that can help them cope with their diagnosis. finally, it is important to consider the impact that such a decision can have on the patients family. by not informing the patient of the diagnosis, the family may feel that they are not being supportive and may be unable to provide the necessary emotional support. furthermore, by not informing the patient, the family may be unable to access the best resources to help the patient cope with their diagnosis. in conclusion, the traditional practice of not informing a family member of a cancer diagnosis should be changed in order to keep up with the times. not informing the patient can have a detrimental impact on their mental and physical health, as well as the wellbeing of their family. therefore, it is important that the patient is given the opportunity to be informed of their diagnosis and make informed decisions about their care.