there is no one answer to the question of whether or not family members in the chinese culture should continue to withhold information about a cancer diagnosis from the patient. some people might argue that it is no longer appropriate in the modern world, while others might say that it is a tradition that should be respected. ultimately, the decision rests with the individual family members and their doctor. there are several reasons why some people might argue that it is no longer appropriate for family members in the chinese culture to withhold information about a cancer diagnosis from the patient. first, with the development of modernization, people are becoming more educated about health and disease. they are more likely to want to be involved in their own care and to be able to make informed decisions about their treatment. second, in a more connected world, it is becoming easier for people to find information about their illness, no matter where they are. this means that patients are more likely to find out about their cancer even if their family members try to keep it from them. finally, cancer is a very serious disease and patients have a right to know all of the facts about their diagnosis. on the other hand, there are also good reasons why some people might argue that it is still appropriate for family members in the chinese culture to withhold information about a cancer diagnosis from the patient. first, in some cases, the patient may not be able to handle the news and may become overwhelmed or depressed. second, in many cases, the patient may not be able to afford the expensive treatment options that are available. third, in some cases, the patient may not want to know about the cancer and may prefer to live in ignorance. ultimately, it is up to the individual family members and their doctor to decide whether or not to tell the patient about their cancer diagnosis. some families might choose to continue the tradition of withholding information, while others might choose to tell the patient the truth. whatever the family decides, it is important that they make the decision based on what is best for the patient.