the consequences of a failure to educate are both financial and social. financial consequences include the cost of remedial education, lost wages, and increased government spending on social programs. social consequences include the inability of individuals to compete in a global economy, the creation of a large and growing underclass, and the perpetuation of social ills. the financial cost of not educating a population is significant. a study by the national center for education statistics found that in , the cost of remedial education, which is education for students who have failed to achieve basic levels of academic achievement, totaled . billion. this cost was borne by both public and private institutions. lost wages are also a consequence of a failure to educate. a study by the national bureau of economic research found that, in , the wage loss due to a lack of education was , per person. this wage loss was due to the fact that individuals with less education are more likely to be unemployed and to have lower wages. the social consequences of a failure to educate are also significant. a study by the national center for education statistics found that in , the number of individuals who were not in the labor force due to a lack of education was . million. this number was due to the fact that individuals with less education are more likely to be unemployed and to have lower wages. the inability of individuals to compete in a global economy is also a consequence of a failure to educate. a study by the mckinsey global institute found that, in , the global economic impact of a lack of education was . trillion. this impact was due to the fact that individuals with less education are less likely to be employed and are therefore less able to contribute to the economy. the creation of a large and growing underclass is also a consequence of a failure to educate. a study by the national center for education statistics found that, in , the number of individuals who were below the poverty line due to a lack of education was . million. this number was due to the fact that individuals with less education are more likely to be unemployed and to have lower wages. the perpetuation of social ills, such as crime, is also a consequence of a failure to educate. a study by the national institute of justice found that, in , the rate of violent crime was . times higher for individuals who had less than a high school diploma than for individuals who had a college degree.