the debate over whether or not smartphones are a positive or negative addition in the classroom has been going on for some time. there are arguments to be made for both sides, each with their own arguments for and against their usage in school. on one hand, cell phones offer students many advantages, such as the ability to access a vast amount of information quickly and efficiently. additionally, using a smartphone gives students more flexibility when it comes to accessing their course materials and can also allow for increased collaboration among students. on the other hand, there are negatives associated with using a cell phone in the classroom, including distractions, increased potential for cheating or sharing answers, and a lack of focus on the lesson. when compared to using computers in the classroom, cell phone use offers a different set of advantages and disadvantages. for instance, using a smartphone may offer the same ability to access a large amount of information quickly and efficiently but there may be fewer distractions. additionally, smartphones are much more affordable and accessible than computers. unfortunately, smartphones also often have more limitations than computers on what kind of tasks can be done. the effects of using phones in the classroom can be wideranging and depend largely on how phones are used. if students are using their phones during class time for learning purposes, it can be beneficial. however, if they are using it for social purposes, such as texting or checking social media, this can lead to a decrease in focus and engagement. it can also lead to an increase in cheating or sharing information during tests or exams. ultimately, while smartphones can have both positive and negative effects in the classroom, there are steps that can be taken to manage their use. schools can implement policies that limit the types of activities that students can do on their phones, such as prohibiting social media use, or restrict their use to certain times during the day. additionally, schools can educate students on responsible phone use and provide resources for academic support. these steps can help ensure that students are using their phones in a responsible way that will still allow them access to the resources they need to succeed.