the university education is not only for preparing students for employment. it is also for providing them with the skills and knowledge they need to be successful in their careers. some of the functions of the university education include providing students with the opportunity to learn new things, to develop their critical thinking skills, and to develop their communication and problemsolving abilities. one example of how the university education can help students in their careers is by providing them with the skills they need to be successful in a competitive environment. many employers today are looking for employees who have a strong academic background and who are also able to demonstrate skills in critical thinking, problem solving, and communication. a university education can help students develop these skills and make them better prepared for a career in business or in some other field. another function of the university education is to provide students with the opportunity to learn new things. many students who attend university are interested in learning about different subjects. a university education allows students to explore a variety of different topics and to gain knowledge in a variety of areas. this is an important skill for students to have, because it allows them to be versatile and to be able to learn new things. a final function of the university education is to develop students skills and knowledge. many students who attend university do not only learn new things they also learn how to use the knowledge they have learned in a productive way. this is an important skill, because it allows students to be able to use their knowledge in a variety of situations. it also allows them to be able to problem solve and to communicate their ideas effectively. all of these functions of the university education are important, and they are all reasons why students should attend university. the university education provides students with the opportunity to learn new things, to develop their skills and knowledge, and to be versatile and able to learn new things. these are all important skills for students to have, and a university education can help students develop them.