there are a few key things to remember when considering this question. first, children are not born knowing how to cooperate or compete these are skills that must be learned. second, both cooperation and competition can be beneficial to children it depends on the context in which they are used. finally, it is possible for children to learn both cooperation and competition they are not mutually exclusive. with that said, i believe that children should be taught to cooperate. cooperation is essential for many aspects of life, from working on a team to simply getting along with others. it is a skill that can be used in any situation, and it is one that will serve children well as they grow up. there are a few reasons why i believe cooperation is so important for children. first, it teaches them to be considerate of others. when children cooperate, they have to think about the needs of others and how their actions will affect them. this is an important lesson to learn, as it will help them to be more thoughtful and considerate people as they grow up. second, cooperation teaches children to compromise. this is another essential life skill, as it is often necessary to compromise in order to get along with others. when children learn to compromise, they learn to see things from another persons perspective and to find common ground. this is a skill that will be useful in all kinds of relationships, both personal and professional. finally, cooperation helps children to build relationships. when children cooperate, they have to communicate and work together. this can help them to build strong relationships with others, as they learn to trust and rely on each other. these are important skills to have, both in childhood and adulthood. of course, competition can also be beneficial to children. it can teach them to set goals and to work hard to achieve them. it can also teach them to be resilient in the face of failure. however, i believe that cooperation is more important, as it is a skill that can be used in any situation and that will help children throughout their lives.