education reform has been a hotbutton issue for many years, and in the current era of unprecedented technological advancement it is more important than ever. the way we go about educating our youth needs to be modernized in order to keep up with the changing times, but this can only be done through comprehensive education reform. the first step towards reforming education should begin by addressing curriculum standards. with so much constantly shifting technology, it is imperative that school curriculums are regularly updated to reflect an understanding of modern advances. this could include incorporating computer science into core classes or teaching coding languages alongside language arts classes however, these courses would need adequate funding from either state governments or private donations in order for implementation to occur successfully. in addition, student assessment systems must evolve as well because traditional forms of testing no longer accurately demonstrate knowledge acquisition due to the expansive range of information available online today. rather than relying solely on multiple choice exams and standardized tests, schools should focus on performancebased assessments such as oral interviews and essay writing that prove students have achieved mastery over their subject material through independent study and creative problem solving skillsetsboth highly soughtafter abilities employers look for when hiring employees in our current job market. finally, an essential component missing from many classrooms is real world application of knowledge gained throughout schooling which often leaves students feeling disconnected or disinterested with what theyre learning overall since they dont see how any value comes out their efforts put forth while studying certain subjects. by including handson activities like internships where students can apply their textbook lessons within relevant contexts outside of academia will help make educational experiences meaningful for them again by showing tangible results come out when hard work is indeed applied correctly . . . also providing financial incentives such as scholarships linked up with academic achievement will further motivate learners to strive towards excellence both inside and outside the classroom setting . . overall , reforming the entire system requires significant resources , money