advertisements are designed to make products seem better than they really are. this is done for a number of reasons. first, advertisers want to sell their products. they do this by creating an image of the product that is enticing and appealing. second, advertisers want to create a brand. this is done by making the product seem like it is unique and different from other products on the market. finally, advertisers want to create customer loyalty. this is done by making the product seem like it is essential to the customers life. advertisers use a number of techniques to make products seem better than they really are. they use images that are attractive and appealing. they use language that is positive and persuasive. they use music that is upbeat and exciting. they use celebrities that are popular and respected. all of these techniques are designed to make the product seem better than it really is. there are a number of reasons why people believe that advertisements make products seem better than they really are. first, people believe that advertisers are dishonest. they believe that advertisers are trying to trick people into buying products that they do not need. second, people believe that advertisements are misleading. they believe that advertisements make products seem better than they really are in order to get people to buy them. finally, people believe that advertisements are distracting. they believe that advertisements are designed to take peoples attention away from the important things in life. i believe that advertisements do make products seem better than they really are. i think that advertisers are dishonest and that they are trying to trick people into buying products that they do not need. i think that advertisements are misleading and that they make products seem better than they really are in order to get people to buy them. i think that advertisements are distracting and that they are designed to take peoples attention away from the important things in life.