lack of sleep and its effects on college students. for college students, lack of sleep can be a major problem. this is especially true for those who are juggling the demands of academics, jobs and social activities. in todays world, it may seem like there just isnt enough time to get all your tasks done in one day  leaving little or no time for muchneeded rest. unfortunately, when this happens more often than not, it can have lasting effects on both physical and mental health. to begin with, lack of sleep directly impacts how alert we are throughout the day. a good nights rest helps us focus and concentrate better while studying or taking exams however if we dont get enough hours of shuteye our ability to remember facts, solve problems logically and even make simple decisions decreases substantially. additionally, constant lack of quality sleep leads to irritability causing interpersonal problems between friends and family due to increased stress levels which could lead to depression over time as well as other medical issues such as hypertension or diabetes in extreme cases. on top of that, inadequate amounts of sleep also has an effect on physical wellbeing too! when you dont get adequate amounts regularly your immune system weakens making you more prone to contagious diseases such as common colds or flu which can significantly impact academic performance since without proper care these illnesses demand a great amount energy from the body that would otherwise be used elsewhere like studying. furthermore if left untreated these symptoms become more intense leading towards more serious conditions like pneumonia etc. . all in all it is important for college students understand the importance getting regular amounts quality rest because when overlooked negatively affects their overall health leading consequences that could affect them during their studies potentially beyond into professional life after graduation! it might sound difficult squeeze out extra hours but by creating small adjustments daily rituals  cutting down caffeine intake watching less tv going bed earlier  they should able achieve better balance prioritize well being gain most each