it is true that many young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities. however, it is unfair to say that all young people are not engaged in helping their communities. while some young people may not be as involved as they should be, many are actively involved in volunteering and giving back to their communities in meaningful ways. one of the main reasons why some young people may not be as involved in helping their communities is that they have a lot of other responsibilities. with school, work, and extracurricular activities taking up so much of their time, it can be difficult for them to find the time to volunteer or participate in other community service activities. additionally, some young people may not be aware of the opportunities available to them in their communities. without knowing what organizations or programs they can get involved in, they may not think to take the initiative to help out. despite these obstacles, many young people are actively engaged in helping their communities. for example, there are many youthled organizations that focus on making a positive impact on their communities. these organizations are often run by young people who are passionate about making a difference and are willing to dedicate their time to doing so. additionally, there are many volunteer opportunities available for young people that allow them to help out in their communities in meaningful ways. from helping out at a local food bank to mentoring younger children, there are many ways for young people to get involved and make a difference. overall, while it is true that some young people may not be giving enough time to helping their communities, it is unfair to say that all young people are not involved. there are many young people who are actively engaged in volunteering and giving back to their communities in meaningful ways. with the right resources and opportunities, more young people can get involved and make a positive contribution to their communities.