along with the development of mass media and mass culture came the development of advertisement, helping to create what is called the consumer society. this society is based on the idea that the consumer is the most important person in the world, and that he or she should be able to buy whatever they want at whatever price they can afford. this has led to an increase in consumerism, which in turn has resulted in a decrease in quality of life for the majority of the population. i agree with this statement. advertising has become so pervasive that it is almost impossible to avoid it. it is a part of our daily lives. we are constantly bombarded with advertising, whether it be on television, in magazines, on billboards, or in newspapers and magazines. there are so many different types of advertisements that we have become desensitized to them. many of them are designed to make us buy things we dont really need or want. for example, if you see an advertisement for a new car, you might think, wow, that looks really nice. i wonder if i could afford it. however, when you actually look at the price tag, it turns out to be a lot more expensive than you thought it would be. the same thing happens with many other products and services. if you are looking at a product and you think it might be good for you, but you have no idea how much it will cost to purchase it, then you will be more likely to say no to the purchase. in addition, many of these products are not what they seem. they are often advertised as being healthier or safer than the products that they are actually made out of. these products often contain chemicals that are harmful to our health, such as lead, mercury, cadmium, formaldehyde, etc. some products even contain carcinogens that have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals. all of this is done in an attempt to get us to spend more money and buy more products. as a result, we are becoming more and more dependent on advertising to help us make decisions about what we buy and how we spend our money. what is your opinion of advertising? do you believe that advertising has a positive or negative effect on our society? if so, why?