nowadays, many people argue that famous people are treated unfairly by the media, while others just hold the opposite idea. in this essay, i will try to explain the difference between the two views. first of all, it is important to understand that there is no such thing as a famous person. there are only people who are famous in the sense that they are wellknown by a large number of people. for example, if you are a famous person, you will be well known by most of the people in your country. however, this does not mean that all of them are aware of your existence. they may not know you personally, but they may have heard about you from other people, or read about your name in a newspaper or on the internet. this means that your fame is not the same as that of a celebrity. a celebrity is a person who is famous because of his or her fame, not because he or she has any special qualities or qualities that are unique to himself or herself. the same is true for famous persons. famous people have fame because they have been famous for a long period of time. if you were to be famous only for one day, then you would not have any fame at all. you would be just another person with a name and a face, just like everyone else. therefore, the fame that you have is only due to the fact that people know of you and know about what you do. it is possible to become famous by doing something that no one else has ever done before, such as writing a book, making a movie, winning a nobel prize or winning an olympic medal. these are all examples of things that have never been done by anyone else before. people who have done these things are considered to have made it in some way, even though they did not do it on their own. so, in this sense, being famous is just a matter of having done something, rather than having a special quality that makes you famous. now, lets look at the other side of this coin. lets say that someone has made a lot of money and is very famous, so much so that everyone knows about him and knows what he does. he is also very rich,