education is expensive, but the consequences of a failure to educate, especially in an increasingly globalized world, are even more expensive. some argue that the cost of education is too high and that society should be instead investing in jobs and economywide infrastructure. others argue that not all students are able to afford the high costs associated with college education, and that some students are simply not able to benefit from the resources available to them. regardless of the costbenefit analysis of education, one could argue that not all students are able to afford the high costs associated with college education. in fact, according to the national institute of standards and technology nist, only  of college graduates worldwide can afford to pay for college on their own. furthermore, the cost of college degrees has increased tremendously over the past few decades, meaning that even more students are unable to afford to obtain a college education. one of the most important aspects of a good education is that it prepares students for the workforce. a lack of education can lead to unemployment, low wages, and other challenges in life. according to the national institute of education, between  and , the rate of unemployment for high school graduates increased by , while the rate for college graduates increased by only . in addition to the cost of education, another important consequence of not having a college education is that students lack the skills and knowledge necessary for the workforce. many jobs available today rely on the skills and knowledge of collegeeducated individuals. for example, in , the us bureau of labor statistics bls released a report that found that the growth in the number of jobs in the information media industry is due in part to the high level of education and experience of employees in this field. a lack of education can also lead to a lack of knowledge and skills for the workforce. for example, according to the bls, the number of jobs in the healthcare industry is expected to grow by  in the next decade, while the number of jobs in the manufacturing industry is expected to grow by . in addition, many jobs in the workforce require the knowledge and skills of collegeeducated individuals. for example, according to the national bureau of standards, the number of jobs in the mechanical engineering industry is expected to grow by  in the next decade. in conclusion, a lack of education can lead to a number of challenges in life, including unemployment, low wages, and other challenges in life. although the cost of education is expensive, the consequences of a failure to educate are even more expensive.