the speed of development concerned technique is so fast today, and more and more speculate that what will happen in  years. it is very difficult to predict what the future will bring, but i think it is safe to say that we will see less cars on the road than we do now. i dont think there is any doubt about that. there are many reasons for this. first of all, the technology has advanced so much in the last few years that it has become possible to build a car that can go from zero to  miles per hour in less than three seconds. this is not something that was possible even ten years ago. the second reason is that the price of gasoline has dropped so low that people can afford to buy a new car every two or three years instead of every five or six. and the third reason that i can think of is the fact that most of the people who are buying cars today are not going to be driving them for the rest of their lives. most of them will buy another car when they retire. so the number of cars that are being sold is going down, not up. in fact, if you look at the sales of new cars, they have been declining since the early s. they are now down about  percent from their peak in . that is a pretty dramatic decline. if you go back to the mids, when there was a lot of excitement about the automobile, sales were up about  percent a year. now they are down by about  percent. why is this happening? well, its a combination of two things. one is, people are getting older. people are living longer than they used to and they want to spend more time with their families. but the other thing that is happening is technology is advancing at such a rapid rate that cars are becoming less and less necessary. for example, you can buy an electric car today for about ,, which is about half of what you would have to pay for a gasolinepowered car in order to get the same amount of mileage that you get with an internalcombustion engine. you can also get a fuelefficient car for less money than you could have paid for an oldfashioned car with a gas engine in it