historians are often thought of as dry, dusty academics bent over musty tomes and poring over ancient texts. while this type of historian certainly exists, it is not the only kind of historian out there. historians can be, and often are, storytellers who weave exciting tales from the past. i strongly agree that historians are, in fact, storytellers. the primary purpose of history is to document events of the past and how these events have shaped the present. historians, in order to accomplish this, often use stories to convey their findings. stories help to bring to life the events of the past and allow the reader to become immersed in the narrative. whether it is a narrative nonfiction book about a particular event or an academic paper about a specific point in history, the historians goal is to bring the facts to life and tell a story. for example, one of the most famous accounts of the american revolution is joseph j. elliss pulitzer prizewinning book founding brothers. in his book, ellis uses a narrative approach to tell the story of the american revolution. he examines the relationships between the founding fathers and tells a story of the key events and people who shaped the creation of the united states. elliss book is an example of how historians can take the facts and bring them to life in a compelling story. historians are also adept at finding and telling stories of people who are often overlooked. many historians are dedicated to uncovering the stories of marginalized people and groups who were left out of the official histories. for example, historian tiya miles has dedicated her career to uncovering the stories of black women in the american south before the civil war. through her work, miles has been able to tell the stories of women who were often forgotten or overlooked. by telling the stories of these women, miles has helped to expand the narrative of the past and give a voice to those who were previously unheard. historians are also often storytellers in the classroom. in order to engage their students and make history more interesting, historians often use stories to bring the material to life. this can be done through the use of anecdotes, personal stories, and interactive classroom activities. by using stories, historians can make history more accessible and captivating to their students. in conclusion, i strongly agree that historians are storytellers. through their writing, research, and teaching, historians are able to bring the past to life in compelling and engaging ways. by uncovering the stories of marginalized people and bringing the facts to life in the classroom, historians are able to make history more accessible and interesting for everyone.