advertising is a powerful tool used by companies to persuade people to purchase their products. it is no secret that advertisements often make products seem much better than they really are. while this can be beneficial for companies, it can be detrimental for consumers who may be misled into buying a product that does not meet their expectations. one of the most common ways that advertisements make products seem better than they really are is by using exaggerated claims. companies often make claims that their product is the best, most effective, or most innovative on the market. however, these claims are often unsubstantiated and are simply used to make the product seem more attractive. for example, a company may claim that their shampoo is the best on the market, but without any evidence to back up this claim, it is impossible to know if this is true. another way that advertisements make products seem better than they really are is by using attractive models or celebrities to promote them. by using attractive people to promote their products, companies can make them seem more desirable and appealing. for example, a company may use a famous actor to promote their new phone, making itseem like the phone is something that everyone should have. however, the phone may not be any better than other phones on the market, but the use of a celebrity makes itseem more desirable. finally, advertisements often make products seem better than they really are by using clever marketing techniques. companies often use catchy slogans and clever visuals to make their products seem more attractive. for example, a company may use a catchy slogan such as the best thing since sliced bread to make their product seem more desirable than it really is. in conclusion, it is clear that advertisements often make products seem much better than they really are. companies use exaggerated claims, attractive models, and clever marketing techniques to make their products seem more desirable than they really are. while this can be beneficial for companies, it can be detrimental for consumers who may be misled into buying a product that does not meet their expectations.