i agree with this statemant for three reasons. the first reason is that young people today are too busy with their own lives to give much attention to the world around them. this is especially true for those who live in urban areas where there is a lot of traffic, noise, and pollution. in addition, many of todays youth are not interested in learning about the history and culture of their country or of other countries. for example, in the united states, the average age of a high school graduate is  years old. however, according to a survey conducted by the pew research center, only about onethird of young americans have even heard of the declaration of independence, which was signed on july , , by thomas jefferson and other founding fathers. the second reason for this lack of interest in helping others is the fact that many young adults today have no idea what it means to be a good citizen. according to pew, more than half of americans  percent believe that the best way to make a difference in this country is to get involved in politics, while only one in four  percent, believe it is best to work on improving the countrys economy. young americans are also less likely than their elders to believe in god  percent vs.  percent. the third reason why i believe this statement is true is because i have seen it in my own life. when i was a young adult, i worked hard to help my community. i volunteered at a local soup kitchen, worked in a homeless shelter, served meals at an elementary school, helped a senior citizen find a job, volunteered with a church youth group, participated in an afterschool program for atrisk youth, attended a summer camp for children with special needs, went on a field trip to see the statue of liberty in new york city, visited a veterans memorial in washington, d. c., and visited the world war ii memorial in arlington, virginia. these are just a few examples of things that i did as a volunteer, but there are many more. as a result of my hard work and my desire to improve the lives of others, my family and i were able to buy our own home and move out of our parents home in order to start a new chapter in our lives