it is often said that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities. while it is true that there are some young people who are not as involved in their communities as they could be, it is also true that there are many young people who are actively engaged in community service. to begin with, young people are increasingly involved in volunteer activities. according to the corporation for national and community service, in , more than three million young people between the ages of  and  volunteered their time to help their communities. these volunteers worked in a variety of capacities, from tutoring and mentoring to providing assistance in food banks and homeless shelters. in addition, many young people are also involved in community service projects through their schools and churches. these projects often involve fundraising for local charities or helping to clean up parks and other public spaces. furthermore, young people are also increasingly involved in advocacy and activism. in recent years, young people have been at the forefront of movements such as black lives matter, the march for our lives, and the fight for lgbtq rights. these young people are using their voices to speak out against injustice and to demand change. they are also using their platforms to raise awareness about important issues and to encourage others to get involved in their communities. finally, young people are also using their skills and talents to help their communities. for example, many young people are using their coding and programming skills to create websites and apps that help people in their communities. others are using their artistic and musical talents to create murals and songs that bring attention to important causes. in conclusion, while there may be some young people who are not as involved in their communities as they could be, there are many young people who are actively engaged in community service and activism. these young people are using their time, skills, and talents to help their communities in a variety of ways.