the statement that as we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible, but more complex and more mysterious, is one that is largely agreed upon by many. it can be seen in our everyday lives, from the complex technology that has been developed to the intricate workings of biology and the universe. as more knowledge is acquired and understood, new questions arise, leaving us with a greater understanding, but with more complexity and mystery than before. take, for example, the field of physics. the more physicists learn about the universe, the more they realise how little they actually know. as albert einstein famously said, the more i learn, the more i realise how much i dont know. while physicists have discovered many of the laws of motion and the structure of the universe, they still dont understand what dark matter is or how the universe was created. with every new discovery, new questions arise and the universe becomes more complex and mysterious. the same is true of the field of biology. as the technology and understanding of the human body has advanced, the complexity of the body and its systems have become more apparent. now scientists are able to sequence the entire human genome, but this does not mean that they understand all the complexities of the human body. in fact, it has only opened up a new field of questions. for example, we know the genetic code for a protein, but we dont fully understand how this code translates into a functional protein. we can also look to the everyday technology that surrounds us. as we become more technologically advanced, the technology we use becomes more complex and mysterious. we know how to use a computer or a smartphone, but we dont understand the intricate workings of the processors and operating systems that power them. we use these devices every day, but the inner workings are largely a mystery. as we can see, the more knowledge we acquire, the more complex and mysterious things become. with every new discovery, new questions arise and add to the complexity of the topic. while this can be frustrating and confusing at times, it also gives us a sense of awe and wonder and drives us to keep discovering and learning. as the saying goes, the more you know, the more you realise how little you know.