when it comes to english language learning, there are pros and cons to the use of electronic dictionaries. on the one hand, electronic dictionaries are convenient and can be accessed anytime, anywhere. on the other hand, relying too much on edictionaries can have negative consequences for our spelling skills. one of the main reasons why relying too much on edictionaries can lead to poor spelling is because the electronic dictionary relies on a computer algorithm to determine the correct spelling of a word. this algorithm is based on the rules of the english language, but it is not perfect. as a result, the dictionary can sometimes get the spelling of a word wrong. for example, the dictionary might spell the word computer as computer. this might be due to the fact that the computer is a common word and the dictionary has seen itspelled this way before. however, this same mistake might also happen when the dictionary is trying to spell a word that is not commonly used. for example, the dictionary might spell the word antidisestablishmentarianism as antidisestablishmentarianism. this is because the word antidisestablishmentarianism is a rare word and the dictionary has not seen itspelled this way before. when a student relies too much on edictionaries, they are likely to make these same mistakes when they are trying to spell words that they are not familiar with. this can lead to frustration and a decrease in the students confidence when it comes to spelling. on the other hand, there are also some advantages to the use of electronic dictionaries. for example, electronic dictionaries can be a great resource when it comes to learning new words. because the dictionary is based on a computer algorithm, it can quickly and easily provide the correct spelling of a word. this is especially helpful for students who are struggling to remember the spelling of a word. for example, if a student is trying to remember the spelling of the word antidisestablishmentarianism, they can simply look up the word in an electronic dictionary and see that the dictionary has spelled the word antidisestablishmentarianism correctly. this is an advantage because it allows students to quickly and easily find the information they are looking for. it also allows them to build their vocabulary faster and to improve their spelling skills. overall, there are both advantages and disadvantages to the use of electronic dictionaries. however, it is important to remember that there is no one right way to learn english. what works well for one student may not work well for another. it is up to the individual student to decide which strategies work best for them.