the issue of whether or not to tell a family member with cancer the truth has become a controversial topic in recent years. on one hand, some people believe that it is important to tell the truth to the patient, while on the other hand, some people still adhere to the traditional chinese practice of not telling the truth. in my opinion, i believe that the traditional practice should be changed along with the development of modernization. to begin with, it is important to tell the truth to the patient in order to ensure that they receive the best medical care. if the patient is not informed of their condition, they may not be able to make informed decisions about their treatment. for example, if a patient is not informed of their cancer diagnosis, they may not be aware of the need for chemotherapy or other treatments that could potentially save their life. in addition, not telling the truth to the patient can also lead to a lack of trust between the patient and their family members. this can lead to a breakdown in communication, which can further complicate the patients treatment. furthermore, it is important to tell the truth to the patient in order to ensure that they are able to cope with their diagnosis. if the patient is not informed of their condition, they may not be able to process the information and may become overwhelmed by the news. this can lead to feelings of depression and anxiety, which can further complicate the patients treatment. in addition, not telling the truth to the patient can also lead to feelings of guilt and shame, which can further complicate the patients emotional state. in conclusion, i believe that the traditional practice of not telling the truth to a family member with cancer should be changed along with the development of modernization. not only is it important to ensure that the patient receives the best medical care, but it is also important to ensure that the patient is able to cope with their diagnosis. by telling the truth to the patient, family members can help to ensure that the patient is able to make informed decisions about their treatment and is able to cope with their diagnosis.