most people tend to believe that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. this is due to the fact that advertisements often use persuasive language and imagery to appeal to consumers. however, there are also some advertisements that are accurate and provide an accurate representation of the product. it is true that many advertisements use persuasive language and imagery to make products seem better than they really are. for example, an advertisement for a new car might show the car driving down a beautiful mountain road. the implication is that the car is luxurious and will provide the driver with a pleasurable experience. however, the reality is that the car might be very uncomfortable to drive and may not be able to handle the same terrain as the advertisement suggests. similarly, many advertisements use language that is designed to create an emotional response in the viewer. for example, an advertisement for a new home security system might show a family being burglarized. the fear that is generated by this image is meant to persuade the viewer that the security system is necessary in order to protect their own family. however, the reality is that the security system might be difficult to use and might not actually provide any protection. there are, however, some advertisements that are accurate and provide an accurate representation of the product. for example, an advertisement for a new computer might show the computer being used for tasks that are actually possible with the computer. the advertisement might also include information about the computers specifications, such as its processor speed and memory size. this type of advertisement is more likely to be trusted by consumers because it is not trying to create an emotional response or to persuade the viewer with persuasive language. in conclusion, it is true that many advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. however, there are also some advertisements that are accurate and provide an accurate representation of the product.