its no surprise that technology has changed the way we live our lives. from smart phones to streaming services, digital devices have become an integral part of everyday life in the st century. but what about augmented and virtual reality? this relatively new form of technology has been gaining traction as a means of entertainment and work productivity, allowing users to enter a completely different world with just a few clicks or swipes on their smartphone. augmented and virtual reality arvr for short is defined as the use of computergenerated simulations to create interactive visualizations in which objects from the real world are enhanced by adding sounds, images, animations, etc., according to merriam webster dictionary. in other words, it combines elements from both physical reality and information generated by computers into one cohesive experience that can be accessed through mobile devices or special headsets. arvr technology allows users to view d images overlaid onto their environment or explore entirely new worlds created in software development tools such as unityd or unrealengine. . the applications for arvr are vast they range from medical training scenarios where doctors practice delicate surgeries without risk of harming actual patients gaming experiences where players can fully immerse themselves into simulated environments educational opportunities allowing students to explore historical events business collaboration tools that allow workers around the globe to connect virtually and much more!. the healthcare industry is already making great strides towards incorporating this type of technology into patient care  there has even been research conducted on using arvr therapy sessions with autism spectrum disorder patients who benefit greatly from being able to control certain aspects of their surroundings while still receiving professional guidance during treatment programs. meanwhile nasa is exploring how these technologies could be used for interplanetary travel simulation exercises!. the potential benefits associated with augmented and virtual reality are tremendous  opening up whole new realms for exploration never before possible within traditional media forms like film or video games. as this type of