while cell phones have become ubiquitous in modern society, they can create dangerous distractions when used by drivers. for this reason, i believe drivers should not be permitted to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. there are several reasons why cell phone use by drivers is unsafe and should be prohibited. first, talking or texting on a phone requires the drivers visual attention to be diverted from the road. even brief glances away from the road to check a phone can cause a driver to miss important cues from other vehicles and pedestrians. this puts not only the driver at risk but also all other people sharing the road. several studies have shown that driving while distracted by a phone is comparable to or worse than driving drunk in terms of increased accident risk. second, the cognitive distractions of a phone conversation prevent full focus on the complex tasks required for safe driving such as scanning traffic conditions, adjusting speed appropriately, and reacting swiftly to unexpected events. talking to another person splits the drivers attention between two cognitively demanding tasks when full attention should be on operating the vehicle. studies of reaction times show phone conversations delay a drivers response just as much as or more than having a blood alcohol level at the legal limit. third, texting creates an extreme distraction as it requires visual attention be taken completely off the road for prolonged periods of time. visual scanning of the road is essential for identifying hazards, road signs and signals. sending or reading a text takes a drivers eyes off the road for several seconds at a minimum, creating risk that the driver will miss seeing something important during that time such as a traffic light change, a stopped vehicle or a pedestrian. in light of these safety risks, most states and countries now ban handheld phone use and texting while driving. however, studies suggest handsfree phone conversations may not fully eliminate the cognitive distraction of the phone that endangers drivers and others. for these reasons, i believe the complete prohibition of any cell phone use is warranted and is the best approach to promote road safety and discourage dangerous driver distraction from phones. licenses and automobiles are privileges, not rights, and come with serious responsibilities for safety. the risks of phone use simply outweigh any phone call or text that cannot wait until the driver reaches his or her destination.