excerpt throughout history, failure has often been the precursor to success, and winston churchill is famously quoted for remarking that success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. this simple quotation succinctly illustrates an important truth failure should not be feared, but embraced. it is difficult to succeed without first having failed. to better understand this concept, it is important to consider two main reasons why failure can lead to success. first, failure can often provide valuable insight and guidance in our lives. the knowledge that one gains through failing can help them to better equip themselves for future success. for example, thomas edison famously remarked that failure taught him a thousand ways not to build a lightbulb. this perspective allowed him to look at each instance of failure as a lesson, rather than an impediment to success. another example of this notion is when oprah winfrey failed a major quiz in high school. though originally considering it a disappointment, oprah remarked later that it was the best thing, as it changed her attitude towards learning and inspired her to take courses she was genuinely passionate about. second, failure can provide an emotional sense of resilience that is necessary for success. those that can effectively learn from their mistakes and use their failures as a source of motivation can become more resilient. as an example of this, michael jordan was famously cut from his high school basketball team, but through hard work and dedication he became one of the greatest basketball players of all time. another case in point is j.k. rowling, who got several rejections in her attempt to find a publisher for her now renowned book harry potter. however, she persevered and eventually found someone who believed in her story and was willing to take a chance. all in all, failure is a concept that should not be feared, but seen as an important stepping stone to achieving ultimate success. it plays a pivotal role in helping us to develop qualities such as resilience in order to reach our goals. thus, it is important to remember winston churchills words that success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.