successful people are often seen as those who have achieved great things in their lives, whether in business, education, or other areas. while it is true that successful people often have a certain level of expertise in their chosen field, it is also true that they are often willing to take risks and try new things in order to reach their goals. i believe that taking risks and trying new things is an essential part of success, and i will explain why in this essay. first of all, taking risks and trying new things can lead to greater rewards. many successful people have made their fortunes by taking risks and trying something that no one else had done before. for example, steve jobs was willing to take risks and try new things when he founded apple. his risktaking paid off, and apple is now one of the most successful companies in the world. similarly, mark zuckerberg took a risk when he founded facebook, and it has paid off immensely. these examples show that taking risks and trying new things can lead to great rewards. second, trying new things can help people become more creative and innovative. when people are willing to try new things, they are able to explore different ideas and find new solutions to problems. this can lead to greater creativity and innovation, which can be beneficial in any field. for example, elon musk has been successful in part because of his willingness to try new things. he has taken risks and tried new things in both his business ventures and his philanthropic endeavors, and this has allowed him to come up with innovative solutions to some of the worlds most pressing problems. finally, taking risks and trying new things can help people become more confident. when people are willing to take risks and try new things, they are able to learn from their mistakes and become more confident in their abilities. this can be beneficial in any field, as it can help people become more successful. for example, j. k. rowling was willing to take risks and try new things when she wrote the harry potter series. her willingness to take risks and try new things allowed her to become more confident in her writing, and this confidence helped her become one of the most successful authors of all time. in conclusion, i believe that taking risks and trying new things is an essential part of success. taking risks and trying new things can lead to greater rewards, help people become more creative and innovative, and help them become more confident in their abilities. therefore, i believe that successful people should be willing to take risks and try new things in order to reach their goals.