in twenty years, there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. i agree with this statement because of the increasing availability of public transportation, the rise of autonomous vehicles, and the focus on sustainability. public transportation has become increasingly available in many cities around the world. this is due to the fact that governments are investing more money into public transportation infrastructure, such as buses, trains, and subways. this is making it easier for people to get around without having to rely on their own cars. for example, in the united states, cities such as new york, washington d. c., and los angeles have all seen a significant increase in public transportation use over the past decade. this has led to a decrease in the number of cars on the road. the rise of autonomous vehicles is also likely to lead to a decrease in the number of cars in use in twenty years. autonomous vehicles, such as selfdriving cars, are becoming increasingly popular and are expected to be widely available in the near future. these vehicles will be able to drive themselves, eliminating the need for a human driver. this could lead to a decrease in the number of cars on the road, as people will no longer need to own their own vehicles. finally, the focus on sustainability is likely to lead to a decrease in the number of cars in use in twenty years. as people become more aware of the environmental impact of cars, they are likely to look for more sustainable alternatives. this could include using public transportation or electric vehicles, which are much more environmentally friendly than traditional gasolinepowered cars. in conclusion, i believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today. this is due to the increasing availability of public transportation, the rise of autonomous vehicles, and the focus on sustainability. all of these factors are likely to lead to a decrease in the number of cars on the road in the near future.