i partially agree that leaders are created by the demands that are placed on them. while it is true that demands made of a leader can shape their leadership qualities and capabilities, i also believe that certain innate qualities and individual characteristics also play a vital role in the development of leadership skills. leaders are expected to possess certain qualities, such as integrity, communication, and decisionmaking abilities, that can be developed through experience and practice. for instance, a manager may be pushed to become a leader when his team is faced with a challenging project. as the manager is expected to lead and guide the team, he may take on additional responsibilities and use his skills and experience to resolve the issue. this will in turn prepare him to take on higher positions in the future. additionally, an individuals natural traits can also be a great asset in the development of leadership skills. while the demands that are placed upon an individual can help them develop their leadership abilities, it is ultimately up to the individual to put these skills into practice. it is essential that a leader has the confidence and selfbelief to take charge of a situation, and this is something that can only come from within. people with a strong sense of justice and fairness are often more successful as leaders. when faced with a difficult decision, they may take into account the opinions and needs of those around them and make a decision that is beneficial for all. people who have a strong sense of empathy are also wellsuited for leadership positions, as they are better able to understand the needs of their team and work towards achieving common goals. ultimately, the development of a leader is a combination of external and internal factors. the demands that are placed upon an individual can help shape their leadership capabilities, however it is also important for a leader to have the confidence and selfbelief to make difficult decisions and lead their team in the right direction. it is also essential for a leader to possess certain innate qualities, such as empathy and fairness, that will allow them to be successful in their role.