there is no one answer to whether or not the government should put money into building theaters and sports stadiums. each situation must be evaluated on its own merits. however, there are a few factors to consider when making this decision. one reason the government might invest in theaters and stadiums is to create jobs. this is especially important during a recession, when unemployment is high. construction of a new theater or stadium can create hundreds of jobs. this, in turn, can help stimulate the economy. another reason the government might invest in theaters and stadiums is to promote tourism. a new, stateoftheart theater or stadium can attract visitors from all over the country and even the world. this can help generate revenue for local businesses and create jobs in the tourism industry. there are also intangible benefits to having a new theater or stadium. a theater can be a place for people to come together to share in the experience of watching a movie or a play. a stadium can be a place for people to come together to share in the experience of watching a game or a concert. these shared experiences can help bring people together and build community spirit. there are also practical reasons to invest in theaters and stadiums. a theater can be a place for people to come to see a movie or a play. a stadium can be a place for people to come to see a game or a concert. this can help generate revenue for local businesses. however, there are also reasons why the government might not want to invest in theaters and stadiums. one reason is that a theater or stadium can be expensive to build. another reason is that a theater or stadium can be a financial burden on the government. the government might have to subsidize the cost of tickets or the cost of running the theater or stadium. this can be a drain on the governments resources. in conclusion, there are pros and cons to the government investing in theaters and stadiums. each situation must be evaluated on its own merits.