in the past two decades, we have seen a massive increase in the number of cars on the road. in fact, there are now more cars in use than there are people on the planet. however, this is not sustainable and we are already starting to see a decline in car ownership. in the next twenty years, there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. there are a number of reasons for this. firstly, the cost of owning and operating a car is becoming increasingly expensive. the price of gasoline has more than doubled in the past ten years, and is only expected to continue to rise. maintenance and repair costs are also increasing, as cars become more complex. in addition, the cost of insurance is also on the rise. all of these factors make it increasingly difficult for people to justify owning a car. secondly, the rise of alternative transportation options is making it easier for people to get around without a car. in many cities, public transportation is becoming increasingly efficient and affordable. in addition, the rise of ridesharing services such as uber and lyft are making it easier for people to get around without owning a car. in the next twenty years, we will see a continued increase in the use of alternative transportation options, which will lead to a decrease in car ownership. finally, the increasing awareness of the environmental impact of cars is leading people to reconsider their need for a car. cars are a major source of pollution, and as we become more aware of the damage we are doing to the environment, we are increasingly looking for ways to reduce our impact. in the next twenty years, we will see a continued increase in the number of people who choose to live carfree lifestyles. in conclusion, there are a number of reasons why we will see a decrease in car ownership in the next twenty years. the increasing cost of car ownership, the rise of alternative transportation options, and the increasing awareness of the environmental impact of cars will all lead to a decline in the number of cars on the road.