nowadays, the internet has become a fundamental part of our lives. it is hard to imagine life without it and its many advantages. however, like anything else in life, there are some drawbacks as well. this essay will discuss the pros and cons of using the internet for communication purposes in detail. one of the primary benefits of using the internet for communication is that it allows people from around the world to stay connected with each other  regardless of their geographic location or time zone difference. we now have access to different online messaging platforms such as skype, whatsapp, and facebook messenger which allow us to chat with others from any corner of earth anytime we want. furthermore, these services offer video calls so that we can see our family members living far away or work colleagues who travel a lot at no additional cost! thus staying connected through online applications makes long distance relationships more manageable than ever before which would not have been possible if one had to rely on traditional mail systems for keeping in touch with loved ones abroad. on top of this convenience factor comes another great advantage ease and speed when sending messages to anyone anywhere within seconds! nowadays instead of having to wait days or even weeks just for an email reply back one can get an instant response due to broadband connection speeds available today making exchanging ideas much faster compared with earlier times where manual letters were sent via post offices taking months until arriving their destination address correctly delivered  assuming they hadnt got lost along route too often happening back then!. . despite all these advantages though there are also potential risks associated when communicating over web based applications including security issues due lack privacy protocols provided by thirdparty companies hosting them while governments attempt monitoring communications made through them whenever suspected wrongdoings occur raising concerns regarding freedom speech violations affecting civil society movements demanding information transparency reforms globally mostly related human rights abuses becoming increasingly common across multiple countries nowadays unfortunately. to summarize, although modern technology has enabled us easier ways