email address phone number date dear senator last name, i hope this letter finds you in good health. i write to you as an informed citizen and student, currently diligently exploring the complexities of our political system. a key area of particular interest and contention is our use of the electoral college in determining our president. after significant research and deliberation, i am writing to advocate for the retention of the electoral college. the electoral college, as posited by the office of the federal register, was a compromise devised during our nations formation, expertly straddling between election by congress and popular vote. this unique system means votecounting disputes are less likely given that the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote posner. any disputes that might arise are on a state level rather than across the entire nation, which contributes to a more certain outcome. judge richard a. posner points out multiple practical reasons for the electoral colleges retention, one of the most noteworthy being the necessity for presidential candidates to have transregional appeal. this ensures that no single region can elect a president, promoting equity among the diverse regions of our country and making every president everyones president rather than a regional preference. admittedly, bradford plumer brings up valid concerns in his article, such as the potential disregard of states where candidates feel assured of their victory, thereby focusing only on swing states. however, as posner counters, voters in such swing states become the most informed and invested in the campaign, effectively becoming the thoughtful decisionmakers necessary in such a significant selection process. while it is true the electoral college is not democratic in the modern sense given electors directly elect the president and not the people, it is vital to note that it ensures the president has broader geographical support, preventing a regional candidate from assuming office posner. this ultimately upholds the principle of federalism and maintains a balance of power. moreover, the electoral college sidesteps the issues of runoff elections in instances when no candidate receives a majority of popular votes. consequently, the process invariably produces a clear winner, thereby avoiding the complications associated with runoff elections posner. therefore, though there are valid concerns about the electoral college, it seems prudent to retain it while simultaneously acknowledging its potential shortcomings. as citizens, let us remember the words of judge posner that voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference, not just individuals seeking to swing an entire national election. thank you for your time and consideration. i look forward to seeing your work in preserving and improving our great state. best regards, your name