in his essay, selfreliance, ralph waldo emerson wrote that nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind. this is a statement about personal authenticity that reflects emersons belief that individuals should rely on themselves for guidance and trust their own decisions and actions. to improve knowledge and understanding of algebra, the best activities involve practicing the subject. as an example, an algebra student may find resources online such as tutorials, practice worksheets and online websites that feature algebra problems with answers. additionally, finding a tutor or enrolling in a class are other effective ways to develop knowledge of algebra. improving english language skills is best done through reading and writing. reading materials such as newspapers, books, and magazines can help english learners become more familiar with the language while utilizing grammar and understanding syntax. writing essays or articles and having peers evaluate grammar and usage also help immensely. to become a doctor, applicants must complete a fouryear undergraduate degree, attend medical school, and complete a three or fouryear residency program. during the residency program, students will study under a mentor and should take various exams to be licensed to practice medicine. those looking for job opportunities to support family should assess their skills to help identify potential matches. networking through websites and professional organizations can also help connect jobseekers to potential employers. additionally, many local businesses post job opportunities in the community. those seeking to challenge themselves for a better future can start by assessing their goals and priorities. setting shortterm and longterm goals can help create milestones in a lifetime plan. additionally, finding mentors who have achieved the desired success can be beneficial, and networking through targeted contacts can provide essential assistance. finally, making time to take advantage of educational and selfdevelopment opportunities can help create a more rewarding future.