in todays everchanging world, student community service should be mandatory in the school setting in order to provide our young people with the opportunity to make a lasting, positive impact on their communities. studies have shown that student community service can have a positive impact on student learning, teacher effectiveness, student engagement, and the overall environment of the community. student community service can help give students a better understanding of the world around them. being exposed to situations outside ones classroom gives students a realworld understanding of how to apply their knowledge and skills. this can have a profound effect on their learning, as research has shown that those who are involved in community service and volunteering are more likely to stay in school and become successful adults later in life. teachers can also benefit from requiring their students to participate in voluntary services. it allows them to get out of the classroom and get a better understanding of the issues and needs that exist in their community. by doing so, they are able to better equip their students with the skills and tools to serve their community in meaningful and impactful ways. student engagement is also improved when they are given the opportunity to take part in voluntary service. studies have found that students who are engaged in service activities tend to have higher gpas, are more likely to graduate, and are more likely to be successful in college and in the workforce. finally, student community service has been found to have a positive impact on the overall environment of the community. when students get involved in the community, they are more likely to be engaged in civic life, leading to increased understanding and appreciation of diversity. this in turn has been linked to reduced violence, improved economic development, and increased social connectedness. in conclusion, student community service should be mandated in the school setting in order to create more meaningful opportunities for students, teachers, and the community at large to do good and be successful. by requiring student service, we can tap into the potential of our youth to create change and make a lasting difference in our communities.