the importance of exercise in the lives of seniors is often overlooked. while its true that physical activity can become more difficult as we age, staying physically active and maintaining an appropriate level of fitness becomes increasingly important for those over  years old. exercise helps to promote cognitive function, reduce falls and other injuries due to accidents or illness, as well as contribute to overall health and wellbeing. its never too late for a senior citizen to begin exercising regularly  even if they havent been very active in the past. the key is choosing activities that are both enjoyable and beneficial for their age group. lowimpact exercises such as walking, swimming, cycling or stretching are a great place to start these activities provide cardiovascular benefits while being gentle on the joints. in addition, strength training exercises with light weights can help improve muscle tone and decrease weaknesses associated with aging muscles. even yard work like gardening or raking leaves can be considered moderate exercise when done consistently enough!. as people get older they tend to spend more time indoors  but this doesnt mean they cant stay fit! there are plenty of athome workout videos online specifically designed for seniors which focus on balance and flexibility movements that dont require any special equipment or excessive effort from participants. small chores around the house such as vacuuming or doing laundry also count towards physical activity since they involve some sort of movement albeit not intense. what matters most is having fun while remaining safe  so regardless what type of exercise you decide on make sure there wont be any unwanted risks involved!. for senior citizens looking to stay healthy through physical activity its essential that heshe has access to proper guidance regarding how much intensity each individual should put into their workouts consulting with a physician prior beginning any new routines would be strongly encouraged before starting out so there arent any unexpected issues down line due complications related improper amounts restexercise ratios etc plus many medical insurance