in todays world, where technology continues to advance at a rapid pace, computers have made it possible for us to access an enormous amount of factual information in a matter of seconds. however, this ease of access to information has given rise to the notion that people are less likely to think deeply or come up with original ideas. while it may appear to be true at first glance, i believe that this is not entirely accurate. in this essay, i will argue that the advancements in technology have not made people less likely to think deeply or originally, but rather have opened up new opportunities for people to think creatively and critically. firstly, technological advancements have provided us with more tools to think critically and creatively. in the past, people depended on books and other printed materials to access information. this meant that only a select few had access to the information, and they had a monopoly on knowledge. however, today, the internet has democratized knowledge. anyone with access to the internet can access information on any topic. this means that people have more opportunities to think critically and creatively about the information they encounter. additionally, technology has made it possible for people to connect with others who share similar interests and ideas. this has provided an opportunity for people to collaborate and share ideas, resulting in the development of innovative solutions to complex problems. for example, opensource software development has led to the creation of innovative and highly functional software programs, which would not have been possible without the collaboration of people all over the world. moreover, technology has made it possible for people to access information outside of their immediate environment. for instance, a student who lives in a remote part of the world can now access information about the latest scientific discoveries, which was not possible in the past. this has opened up new avenues for learning and thinking, which were previously inaccessible. furthermore, technology has made it possible for people to access information quickly and accurately, which has led to the development of new ideas and innovations. for instance, scientists are now able to access vast amounts of data, which has led to the discovery of new drugs, cures, and treatments. this would not have been possible without the use of technology. in conclusion, while it may seem that the easy access to information has made people less likely to think deeply or originally, i believe that technology has provided us with new tools and opportunities for thinking critically and creatively. with the democratization of knowledge, the ability to connect with others who share similar interests and ideas, and the ability to access information outside of our immediate environment, technology has opened up new avenues for learning and thinking. therefore, i disagree with the notion that people are less likely to think deeply or originally in todays world.