introduction hey there! i know youre really into the idea that aliens created the face on mars, but let me tell you, as a nasa scientist, im here to convinced you that its just a natural landform. i know, i know, it looks like a face, but sometimes nature can be pretty clever. in this essay, ill explain why i think the face is just a regular ol hill. claim  the face is just a hill with shadows. the article states that the face is simply a hill with a particularly symmetrical arrangement of shadows paragraph . this means that when the sun shines on the hill, it creates shadows that make it look like a face. its like when you see a rabbit in the clouds  its just a trick of the light! if you look at the picture in the article, you can see that the face is actually just a bunch of shadows and highlights. claim  the face is made of natural materials. the article also mentions that the face is made of a hill of rock and soil paragraph . this means that its not some weird, alien material  its just regular old earth stuff. and, as the article points out, the soil and rocks found on mars are similar to those found on earth paragraph . so, its not like aliens came down and dumped some strange, facemaking material on the planet. its just nature doing its thing. claim  other natural features on mars look like faces too. the article talks about how other natural features on mars also look like faces paragraph . this means that its not just the face that looks like a face  other things on the planet do too! its like how you might see a face in a cloud or a tree trunk. its just our brains being silly and seeing patterns where there arent any. evidence from the article to support my claims  the face is simply a hill with a particularly symmetrical arrangement of shadows paragraph   the soil and rocks found on mars are similar to those found on earth paragraph   other natural features on mars also look like faces paragraph  conclusion so, there you have it! the face on mars might look like a face, but its actually just a natural landform. its made of regular stuff like rocks and soil, and its just a trick of the light that makes it look like a face. i hope ive convinced you that theres no need to call in the aliens  its just good old mother nature doing her thing.