there are a few reasons to believe that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts. first, in order to understand ideas and concepts, students need to have a firm grasp of the facts. second, ideas and concepts are what allow students to apply their knowledge to new situations. finally, ideas and concepts are more likely to be remembered than facts. to begin with, in order to understand ideas and concepts, students need to have a firm grasp of the facts. this is because ideas and concepts are built on a foundation of facts. for example, students might have a difficult time understanding the concept of photosynthesis if they do not first understand the related facts, such as the fact that plants use sunlight to convert carbon dioxide into oxygen. in other words, students need to learn the facts before they can hope to understand the ideas and concepts. second, ideas and concepts are what allow students to apply their knowledge to new situations. this is because ideas and concepts represent the higherlevel understanding that students need in order to be able to use their knowledge in new and different ways. for example, a student who understands the concept of photosynthesis will be able to apply that knowledge to a new situation, such as understanding how plants are affected by air pollution. in contrast, a student who only knows the facts about photosynthesis will be limited to regurgitating those facts in the same situation each time. finally, ideas and concepts are more likely to be remembered than facts. this is because ideas and concepts are typically more interesting and more meaningful than facts. for example, a student is more likely to remember the concept of photosynthesis than the individual facts related to photosynthesis. in addition, ideas and concepts are more likely to be recalled because they are typically associated with other ideas and concepts. for example, a student who understands the concept of photosynthesis is likely to also understand the concept of the water cycle. in conclusion, while facts are certainly important, understanding ideas and concepts is more important. this is because ideas and concepts are built on a foundation of facts, they allow students to apply their knowledge to new situations, and they are more likely to be remembered.