nowadays, people have paid more and more attention to degree certificates. for example, in many institutions, ones promotion is primarily decided by whether one has obtained a graduate degree or not. a growing number of critics say that if this tendency goes to the extreme, young people may be misled. a degree certificate can reflect only ones academic achievements but not all abilities essential for successful career. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of at least  words. nowadays, there is an increasing tendency for people to value degree certificates more than ever before. for example, in many workplaces, an employees promotion is largely decided by whether or not they have obtained a graduate degree. a growing number of critics argue that if this trend continues unchecked, it could mislead young people into thinking that a degree certificate is the most important factor in achieving success in their career. i agree with these critics for the following reasons. firstly, a degree certificate is an important but not the only factor in ones career success. there are many other abilities and skills that are essential for a successful career. for example, good communication and interpersonal skills, the ability to work effectively in a team, and problemsolving skills are all important factors in achieving success in most careers. a degree certificate does not necessarily reflect these abilities and skills. secondly, even if a degree certificate is the most important factor in achieving success in a particular career, it is not the only factor. for example, in the field of medicine, a doctors bedside manner and ability to empathize with patients is just as important as their academic qualifications. in the field of law, a lawyers ability to argue cases convincingly and persuasively is just as important as their academic qualifications. in conclusion, while a degree certificate is an important factor in achieving success in a career, it is not the only factor. there are many other abilities and skills that are essential for a successful career. therefore, it is important not to place too much emphasis on degree certificates.