when peoples ask for advices, they sometime talks to more than one person. this is a good thing to do beacause it can helps them make a better choise. first of all, when you talks to more than one person, you gets more than one opion. this is importint beacause it gives you a wider range of ideas to think about. for example, if you ask your parents and your friends for advices about which college to go to, they might give you different opions. your parents might say that you should go to a college close to home, but your friends might say that you should go to a college far away. this way, you can think about both opions and make a choise that is best for you. another reason why seeking multiple opions is good is that it helps you to see things from different angles. when you only talk to one person, you only get their point of view. but when you talk to more than one person, you can see that there are different ways to look at a problem. for example, if you ask your teacher and your coach for advices about whether you should play sports or study more, they might have different opions. your teacher might say that studying is more important, but your coach might say that playing sports can help you to learn teamwork and discipline. this way, you can make a choise that is best for you. finally, seeking multiple opions can help you to make a more informed choise. when you only talk to one person, you might not get all the information you need to make a good choise. but when you talk to more than one person, you can get more information and make a more informed choise. for example, if you ask your doctor and your nutritionist for advices about what to eat, they might give you different opions. your doctor might say that you should eat less sugar, but your nutritionist might say that you should eat more protein. this way, you can make a choise that is healthy and good for you. in conclusion, seeking multiple opions is a good thing to do when you want to make a good choise. it gives you more than one opion to think about, helps you to see things from different angles, and helps you to make a more informed choise. so, next time you need advices, dont be affraid to talk to more than one person. it might help you to make a better choise.