drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. there are several important reasons for this. first and foremost, cell phone use is a major distraction for drivers. taking your eyes off the road and hands off the wheel to check or type on your phone drastically increases the risk of an accident. numerous studies have shown that drivers who use cell phones, either for calls or texting, have slower reaction times, miss traffic signals and signs more often, and have more difficulty staying in their lane. this kind of distracted driving puts not only the phone user but also other drivers and pedestrians in serious danger. second, texting while driving should be an absolute prohibition. texting requires taking both hands off the wheel and eyes off the road for extended periods. this makes it impossible to safely operate a vehicle. accident risks are over  times higher for drivers who text compared to nondistracted driving. texting literacy also declines significantly when attempting to do so while driving. this can cause serious errors in judgment with lifethreatening consequences. third, handsfree phone use is not really handsfree from a safety perspective. while hands remain on the wheel, the mental distraction of a phone conversation can be as impairing as handleheld use. studies show drivers engaged in phone conversations have difficulty recalling traffic signs, filtering out background noise, estimating speeds of other vehicles, and responding to emergency situations as quickly as undistracted drivers. in summary, cell phone use by drivers poses unacceptable safety risks on our roads. a total ban, including for handsfree conversations, is reasonable and necessary to curb distracted driving. saving lives should be the top priority here over personal conveniences like checking social media, texting friends, or taking work calls while driving. our roads will be much safer for everyone if cell phones are only used once the vehicle is parked.