there is no denying that society today is more selfcentered than ever. itseems that young people are more interested in their own lives and their own happiness than in helping others. while this may be true in some cases, i do not believe that it is true across the board. i believe that there are many young people who are passionate about making a difference in their communities, and who are committed to helping others. one reason why i believe this is that there are more opportunities than ever before for young people to get involved in their communities. there are now many organizations and programs that allow young people to volunteer their time and talents to helping others. for example, one organization that i am involved in is called city year. it is a national organization that partners young people with schools in lowincome areas. these young people volunteer their time to tutor students, mentor them, and help them with their homework. i have seen firsthand the difference that these young people can make in the lives of students who are struggling. another reason why i believe that young people are still committed to helping others is that there has been a shift in the way that people view volunteering. in the past, volunteering was seen as something that was done out of a sense of duty or obligation. however, in recent years there has been a shift towards viewing volunteering as a way to gain experience and skills. this is especially true for young people who are looking for jobs. many employers are now looking for employees who have experience in volunteer work, because they know that these employees are passionate about helping others. so, while it is true that young people today may be more selfcentered than in the past, i believe that there are many young people who are still committed to helping their communities. i believe that this is due to the fact that there are more opportunities than ever before for young people to get involved in volunteer work, and that employers are now looking for employees who have volunteer experience.