in twenty years, the world may look fundamentally different than it does today. many of the technological advances we take for granted today, such as selfdriving cars and ridesharing services, may become commonplace and widely accepted. this could significantly reduce the number of cars in use compared to today. as such, i agree that in twenty years, there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. the most obvious reason why there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years is because of the rise of selfdriving cars. selfdriving cars are cars that are able to drive themselves without the help of a human driver. they are able to navigate using a combination of sensors, cameras, and software that allow them to see and think like a human driver. selfdriving cars have the potential to drastically reduce the number of cars on the roads, as they can be shared among multiple people at once. for example, if a family of four needs to get to their destination, they could all ride in a single selfdriving car, instead of having four separate cars. this could drastically reduce the number of cars in use. in addition to selfdriving cars, ridesharing services, such as uber and lyft, are likely to become even more popular in the next twenty years. ridesharing services allow people to summon a ride from their smartphone, eliminating the need for them to own their own car. ridesharing services are already widespread in many cities around the world and are likely to become even more popular in years to come. this could lead to a significant reduction in the number of cars on the roads, as fewer people will need to own a car to get around. furthermore, electric cars are becoming increasingly popular and are likely to become even more widespread in the next twenty years. electric cars are more energyefficient than traditional petrolpowered cars, and produce fewer emissions, making them much more environmentally friendly. as electric cars become more popular, it is likely that fewer people will be driving petrolpowered cars in twenty years time. in conclusion, the rise of selfdriving cars, ridesharing services, and electric cars are likely to lead to a significant reduction in the number of cars in use in twenty years time. as such, i agree that in twenty years, there will be fewer cars in use than there are today.