dear senator, i write to you about a pressing issue that has been the subject of numerous debates across our nation the electoral college. its an ageold system, a compromise carved into our constitution by our founding fathers to ensure fairness and promote balance between states. however, prominent figures and citizens alike have suggested its abolishment, favoring the selection of the president by popular vote instead. i believe that adopting the direct election approach will make every citizens vote count, providing rectitude and accuracy in our electoral system. the main argument in favor of retaining the electoral college, as pointed out by judge richard a. posner, is certainly the certainty it offers. disputes are far less likely to occur, as the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. however, this system creates a significant flaw. the majority rule of the popular vote can be overridden by the electoral vote, leading to a president who may not represent the wishes of a larger portion of the electorate. moreover, the electoral college promotes the existence of swing states. while posner regards this as beneficial, it can lead to potential bias and neglect. bradford plumer keenly notes how, due to the winnertakeall system in most states, candidates focus only on the tight races in swing states, ignoring others. during the  campaign, seventeen states never encountered the candidates and voters in twentyfive of the largest media markets didnt see a single campaign ad. this fact alone does not uphold the fairness and representation that the electoral college was supposed to ensure. posners argument that the electoral college restores some weight in the political balance for larger states also demonstrates the inherent inequality in the current system. smaller states are often overlooked, as a victory there fetches fewer electoral votes. this approach only amplifies the voices of the larger states, further sidelining the smaller ones. in contrast, a popular vote would ensure every individuals vote has the same weight, no matter where they are located in the country. it advocates for true democratic principles, where every citizen has a fundamental role in electing the president. there are instances from history that have highlighted the flaws in the electoral college. in the  election, al gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency, indicating a significant divergence between popular sentiment and the electoral college result. having said that, its also important to note the salvaging factor about the electoral college system is that it avoids the problem of elections where no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. to conclude, while the electoral college has been an integral part of our election process for centuries, it has shown its limitations in fully representing the will of the american populace. therefore, it may be time to refine our electoral system, consider an approach by popular vote, which promotes individual empowerment and democratic values. yours sincerely, your name