few days ago i happened to read a thread on a bbs girls were showing the stuff in their handbags. i was curious, so i decided to check it out. i was surprised to see that there were a lot of girls who said that it was easier to carry a handbag in the past, and that they didnt have to worry about stuff falling out of their bags. but i also noticed that most of the girls in this thread were from the us. so i thought to myself, why is it that girls from other countries seem to have a different opinion on the matter? i mean, its not like they dont know what theyre talking about, right? well, let me tell you what i found out when i went to the internet to find out more about this topic. first of all, there is no such thing as a handbag as we know it today. its just a piece of luggage that you carry with you everywhere you go. in the old days, people used to use a bag that was made of leather or canvas. these bags were made to be carried on your back, but they were also used for other purposes. for example, they could be used as panniers for a horse or a carriage. they could also be hung from a tree to protect your belongings from rain or snow. nowadays, we carry our bags with us in our pockets, purses, backpacks, briefcases, etc. there are many different types of bags out there, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. some of them are designed for carrying heavy stuff, while others are meant for light stuff. the main thing to keep in mind is that the bag you choose should be comfortable for you. if youre carrying a heavy bag, you should make sure that your shoulders and back arent hurting from all the weight. on the other hand, if your bag is light and you can carry it easily, thats a good thing, because youll be able to move around more easily and get more done. you should also think about what kind of stuff you want to bring. do you really need a laptop bag? or do you just want something that will fit in your pocket? if the answer is yes to either of those questions, then go ahead and go for it.