drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle in todays society, cell phones have become nearly indispensable for communication and access to information. however, the ubiquitous nature of cell phones has also led to significant risks when used while driving. there are several compelling reasons why drivers should abstain from using cell phones in any way when operating a motor vehicle. first and foremost, the act of driving requires a persons full attention and focus. any distraction while driving can potentially lead to accidents that endanger not only the driver but also other people on the road. talking, texting, or otherwise interacting with a cell phone diverts the drivers eyes from the road as well as their hands from the steering wheel. even seemingly simple tasks like checking notifications or changing the music can be dangerously distracting at high speeds. scientific studies have shown that driving while using a cell phone reduces reaction times and situational awareness to similar levels as drunk driving. in fact, data from the national highway traffic safety administration indicates that cell phone use is a leading factor in car accidents annually. texting while driving in particular makes a driver  times more likely to be involved in a collision. with so much evidence that phones impair driving ability, the risks are simply too high to justify their use behind the wheel. allowing any cell phone use also makes it difficult to enforce more restrictive policies against texting or handheld phone conversations. drivers may claim they were just changing songs or accessing maps when seen on their phones by law enforcement. a total ban creates a clear standard and eliminates loopholes and arguments over what activities are truly handsfree. in summary, the dangers of cell phone distractions while driving far outweigh any perceived importance of access to phones. for the safety of all citizens that share the road, drivers must abstain from cell phone use entirely when operating a vehicle. public safety should be the top priority in deciding responsible policies around this issue.