there is no definitive answer when it comes to determining which skill of english is more important for chinese learners. some people may feel that reading is more important, as it allows learners to gain a deeper understanding of the language and its nuances. others may feel that speaking is more important, as it allows learners to use the language in a realworld setting and to improve their fluency. ultimately, it is up to the individual learner to decide which skill they want to focus on more. there are a number of reasons why reading may be more important for chinese learners. first, reading allows learners to develop a more indepth understanding of the language. by reading extensively, learners can learn new vocabulary words and expressions, and they can also learn about the different cultures that use english. additionally, reading can help learners improve their grammar and writing skills. second, reading can help learners improve their listening skills. when learners read a text, they are not just listening to the words that are being spoken, they are also listening to the way the words are being spoken. this can help learners improve their ability to understand english when it is spoken in realworld situations. finally, reading can help learners improve their overall vocabulary. by reading extensively, learners will be exposed to a variety of different words and expressions. this can help them improve their vocabulary skills and their ability to use english correctly. there are a number of reasons why speaking may be more important for chinese learners. first, speaking allows learners to use the language in a realworld setting. this can help them improve their fluency and their ability to communicate effectively in english. additionally, speaking can help learners strengthen their pronunciation skills. second, speaking can help learners build their confidence in using the language. when learners speak english, they are able to see how the language works in realworld situations. this can help them feel more confident in their ability to use the language and to communicate with others. finally, speaking can help learners learn more about the culture of the englishspeaking world. when learners speak with native english speakers, they are able to learn more about the culture and the way that people in the englishspeaking world think and behave. this can help learners better understand the culture and the people who use the language. in conclusion, there is no definitive answer when it comes to determining which skill of english is more important for chinese learners. some people may feel that reading is more important, while others may feel that speaking is more important. ultimately, it is up to the individual learner to decide which skill they want to focus on more.