it is true that young people today are not giving enough time to helping their communities. this is a shame, as there are so many ways in which they can make a difference. young people have the energy, enthusiasm, and creativity to bring about positive change in their communities, and yet they are not taking advantage of the opportunities available to them. one of the main reasons why young people are not giving enough time to helping their communities is because they are too busy with their own lives. they are often consumed with their studies, their jobs, and their social lives, leaving little time for anything else. this is understandable, as young people have a lot of responsibilities and commitments to juggle. however, this does not mean that they cannot make time for community service. even small amounts of time, such as an hour or two a week, can make a huge difference. another reason why young people are not giving enough time to helping their communities is because they are not aware of the opportunities available to them. there are many organizations and charities that need volunteers, but young people may not know about them or how to get involved. it is important for young people to do their research and find out what opportunities are available to them. finally, young people may not be giving enough time to helping their communities because they do not see the value in it. they may not realize how their efforts can make a difference in their communities, or they may not see the immediate benefits of volunteering. it is important for young people to understand that even small acts of kindness can have a big impact. in conclusion, it is true that young people are not giving enough time to helping their communities. this is a shame, as there are so many ways in which they can make a difference. young people need to be aware of the opportunities available to them, and they need to understand the value of volunteering. with a little bit of effort, young people can make a big difference in their communities.