there is no onesizefitsall answer to this question, as the amount of time young people give to helping their communities will vary based on their individual backgrounds, interests, and commitments. however, there are a few general trends that can be observed. first, many young people today are more focused on their own lives and interests than they are on community service. this is in part due to the rise of social media and other forms of digital communication, which have made it easier for people to stay connected to their friends and families without having to physically interact with other people. second, the number of volunteer opportunities available to young people has decreased over the past few years. this is likely due to a number of factors, including the current economic climate and the increasing cost of volunteerism. finally, many young people today are not as engaged in civic life as they once were. this is likely due to a number of factors, including the fact that many young people are not aware of the opportunities that are available to them and the fact that many young people feel too busy or overwhelmed to participate in community service. all of these trends suggest that young people today are not giving enough time to helping their communities. the reasons for this are varied, but include the fact that many young people are focused on their own lives and interests, the decrease in available volunteer opportunities, and the fact that many young people are not engaged in civic life. there are a number of reasons why these trends are problematic. first, it is important for young people to give time to helping their communities because it can help to build a sense of community and camaraderie. this is especially important in times of crisis, when communities can often feel isolated and alone. second, by not giving enough time to helping their communities, young people are missing out on opportunities to learn about and participate in the civic life of their communities. this can lead to a lack of understanding and engagement in the political process, and a decreased chance of participating in public life in the future. finally, by not giving enough time to helping their communities, young people are missing out on opportunities to make a difference. many volunteer opportunities available to young people are not just about providing help they are also opportunities to learn new skills and to take part in larger projects that have a real impact on the community. all of these reasons suggest that young people should give more time to helping their communities. there are a number of ways that young people can help to make this happen, including by becoming more engaged in civic life, by participating in available volunteer opportunities, and by donating their time and resources.