dear senator, i am writing to express my view that the united states should change from the electoral college system to electing the president by popular vote. while the electoral college was designed with good intentions, evidence shows that the popular vote better represents the will of the people. one argument in favor of keeping the electoral college is that it encourages candidates to build broader coalitions and appeal to a wider range of viewpoints. however, research indicates this is not actually the case. candidates still focus their campaigns only on swing states that could vote either way. this means over  of campaign visits and advertising are concentrated in just a handful of states. the interests and voices of voters in over  other states are neglected. it is also argued that without the electoral college, presidential candidates might focus only on densely populated areas. however, under the current system candidates already concentrate on just a few swing states rather than the entire national electorate. a popular vote would motivate candidates to appeal to a broader segment of americans across urban and rural areas. they would visit a wider range of states, not just those with close margins. furthermore, the popular vote more accurately reflects the will of the electorate as a whole. in two of the last five presidential elections, the winner of the national popular vote did not win the electoral college. this denies the presidency to candidates supported by a plurality of voters nationwide. it also discourages voter turnout, as voters in heavily republican or democratic states feel their votes do not really matter in national outcomes. transitioning to a popular vote would ensure that more voices are heard and that every vote carries equal weight in selecting the president. while some claim a national popular vote could result in recounts and disputes, current legal standards and recount rules could still apply to resolve any close national outcomes, just as they are used now in states. transitioning to a popular vote best upholds the democratic principle of one person, one vote. it would make every americans vote truly count equally in choosing their president. for these reasons, i urge you to support a transition to a national popular vote. thank you for your consideration. please let me know if you have any other questions. sincerely, your name