the debate over whether famous people should be given more privacy or not is a contentious one. on one hand, some people argue that famous people should be given more privacy as they are often subject to intense media scrutiny, which can be detrimental to their mental health. on the other hand, some people argue that this is the price of fame and that they should accept the attention that comes with it. in my opinion, i agree that famous people should be given more privacy. to begin with, famous people are often subject to intense media scrutiny, which can be detrimental to their mental health. this is because the media often publish stories about celebrities that are sensationalized and inaccurate. this can lead to celebrities being portrayed in a negative light and can have a detrimental effect on their mental health. for example, in , the singer selena gomez was hospitalized due to her mental health being affected by the intense media scrutiny she was subject to. this is a clear example of how the media can have a negative effect on the mental health of celebrities. furthermore, famous people should be given more privacy as they are often subject to invasion of privacy. this is because the media often publish stories about celebrities that are based on information that was obtained without their consent. this can be extremely intrusive and can lead to celebrities feeling violated. for example, in , the actress jennifer lawrence revealed that she had been the victim of an invasion of privacy when a hacker had stolen and published private photos of her without her consent. this is a clear example of how the media can invade the privacy of celebrities. in conclusion, while some people argue that this is the price of fame, i believe that famous people should be given more privacy. this is because they are often subject to intense media scrutiny, which can be detrimental to their mental health, and they are often subject to invasion of privacy. therefore, it is important that the media respect the privacy of celebrities and refrain from publishing stories that are sensationalized and inaccurate.