the world is constantly changing, and one of the things that has been dramatically altered in recent decades is the way we get around. with an increasing focus on sustainability and the environment, it is no surprise that the number of cars being used around the world is decreasing. in twenty years, i believe there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. to begin, there has been a marked rise in the use of public transportation, such as trains and buses, as a means of getting around. this is due in part to governments investing in and improving existing transportation systems, making them faster, more reliable, and more costeffective. on top of this, many cities have implemented incentives for people to switch from cars to public transport, such as free or discounted fares. this shift away from cars and towards public transport has resulted in fewer cars in use. another factor contributing to the falling number of cars in use is the rise of carsharing services. companies like uber and lyft have become increasingly popular and have made owning a car an unnecessary expense for many people. these services also enable people to get around without having to worry about parking, maintenance, and other costs associated with car ownership. in addition to this, the emergence of ridehailing mobile apps has made it easier than ever to find a ride when needed. as a result, the need to own a car is significantly reduced. finally, the increasing popularity of electric vehicles will also contribute to the decreasing number of cars in use in twenty years. electric cars are becoming more affordable and more efficient, and they are significantly cleaner than traditional petrol or diesel cars, thus reducing emissions and air pollution. in addition, governments are providing incentives for switching to electric vehicles, such as rebates and tax credits, making them even more attractive. as a result, more people are switching from petrol and diesel cars to electric vehicles, thus reducing the overall number of cars in use. to conclude, i believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. this is due to the increasing popularity of public transportation, the emergence of carsharing services, and the rise of electric vehicles. with more people turning away from cars and towards these alternatives, it is likely that the number of cars in use will continue to decline.