with the current focus on college and career readiness, more and more students are finding themselves asking the same question should they commit to a career at a young age? to many, the idea of committing to a career before graduating high school is intimidating. on one hand, committing to a career early can provide students with the opportunity to gain valuable and relevant experience in their chosen field upon graduation. additionally, many students equate the process of committing to a career early with maturity and a sense of purpose and direction. conversely, some students fear that committing to a career before experiencing a wide variety of college courses or internships may cause them to miss out on the chance to explore new interests. in order to fully understand whether committing to a career at a young age can be beneficial or detrimental, it is important to look at current trends. for one, the unemployed youth rate has been steadily declining over the past few years thanks to increased focus on college and career readiness. additionally, a  pew research center survey found that  of adults under the age of  had already figured out the specific career they wanted to pursue and were actively seeking the knowledge and skills to make it happen. there are many reasons to support the argument that students should commit to a career at a young age. one such reason is that students who have a goal in mind may be more motivated to succeed in school and beyond. furthermore, committing to a career early provides students with the chance to have more meaningful and relevant internships and job experiences that would not be possible if they had delayed the process. finally, committing to a career early allows students to explore options for higher education such as early college programs, specialized certifications, and apprenticeships. many successful people have committed to a career at a young age and found great success. one notable example is mark zuckerberg, founder of facebook. at just , he was already a millionaire and a wellknown figure in technology. similarly, yearold sofia amoruso is the founder of nasty gal and at yearsold became the youngest female, selfmade billionaire. in conclusion, while it can be intimidating for students to commit to a career at a young age, there are numerous advantages and disadvantages to consider. there is no right or wrong answer as to whether students should commit to a career at a young age, but it can be a rewarding and beneficial process for those who are