the ongoing extinction of species is a growing concern and has been a hot topic of debate in recent years. while it is true that the majority of extinctions in the history of our planet have been due to natural processes, there is a strong case to be made for society to take extraordinary steps to protect endangered species. this is especially true when the cost of doing so is relatively low in terms of money and jobs. one of the main arguments for taking action on endangered species is that it is our moral obligation to do so. species extinction is a tragedy, as it represents the loss of part of the planets biodiversity, which has both aesthetic and ecological value. moreover, in cases where human activities have directly or indirectly caused a species to become endangered, we have a duty to make amends and take steps to mitigate the harm we have done. furthermore, protecting endangered species can have tangible economic benefits. many species are keystone species, meaning that their presence is integral to their ecosystems, and their extinction could have a cascading effect. for example, the extinction of pollinators could lead to a collapse of the agricultural sector, which could have devastating economic consequences. in addition to the moral and economic arguments, there are also practical reasons why society should take action to save endangered species. in many cases, the cost of doing so is relatively low, while the potential rewards are great. for instance, there are many species of plants and animals that, if properly managed, could provide valuable resources to society, such as food, medicine, and timber. finally, there is the argument that, in order to ensure the longterm survival of our planet, we must take steps to protect endangered species. this is especially true for species that are integral to their ecosystems, as their extinction could have a destructive domino effect, leading to the collapse of entire ecosystems. in conclusion, there is a strong case to be made for society to take extraordinary steps to protect endangered species, even when the cost of doing so is relatively high in terms of money and jobs. this is due to the moral, economic, practical, and ecological benefits of doing so, as well as the potential longterm consequences of letting species go extinct.