drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while driving the use of cell phones while driving has become increasingly common in todays world. with most people never being far from their phones, it is tempting for drivers to check messages or make calls even when behind the wheel. however, attempting to multitask between operating a vehicle and using a phone poses significant safety risks. for this reason, drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any capacity when driving. numerous studies have shown that cell phone use while driving can be as dangerous as or even more dangerous than drunk driving. when engaged with a phone, drivers experience what is known as inattention blindnessthey fail to see important objects and situations around them because their focus is elsewhere. this puts not only the driver at risk but also endangers other motorists and pedestrians sharing the road. even handsfree phone conversations require cognitive attention and can lead to lapses in focus that result in accidents. cell phone use also lengthens drivers reactions times. important tasks like scanning mirrors, maintaining speed and following distances suffer. a driver on a phone may not notice that traffic has slowed or stopped until it is almost too late to react. this increases the risks of rearend collisions. distracted driving from phones has been shown to be one of the leading causes of accidents in many places. banning all phone use would go a long way in addressing this issue and saving lives. while some argue that handsfree phone conversations are safe, research does not support this claim. the cognitive distraction occurs whether holding the phone or not. a compelling handsfree option also does not eliminate other kinds of phone interactions like texting that require eyes leaving the road for prolonged periods. for total road safety, the only logical policy is a complete ban on any phone use by drivers, even if the technology nominally keeps hands on the wheel. lives lost to car accidents far outweigh any minor inconvenience such a ban may cause. in todays world of growing distracted driving dangers, we must prioritize safety above all else on our roads. for these reasons, drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.