the issue of whether a family should tell a cancer patient the truth has been a contentious one in recent years, particularly in the chinese culture. on the one hand, some people argue that this traditional practice should be changed along with the development of modernization. on the other hand, some people argue that itshould remain the same. in this essay, i will argue that this traditional practice should be changed and that families should tell cancer patients the truth. first of all, it is important to tell cancer patients the truth in order to ensure that they receive the best possible treatment. without knowing the truth, cancer patients may not be able to make informed decisions about their treatment, which could lead to poorer outcomes and a worse prognosis. for example, if a family does not tell a cancer patient the truth and instead tells them that the cancer is not serious, the patient may not seek out the best possible treatment and the cancer may ultimately become more serious. this could have serious implications for the patients health and wellbeing. secondly, it is important to tell cancer patients the truth in order to ensure that they have the emotional support they need to deal with their diagnosis. without knowing the truth, cancer patients may not be able to process their emotions and may not be able to access the support they need. for example, if a family does not tell a cancer patient the truth and instead tells them that the cancer is not serious, the patient may not be able to access the emotional support they need to cope with the diagnosis and may become overwhelmed by the situation. finally, it is important to tell cancer patients the truth in order to ensure that they have the best possible quality of life. without knowing the truth, cancer patients may not be able to make informed decisions about their care and may not be able to access the support they need to ensure the best possible quality of life. for example, if a family does not tell a cancer patient the truth and instead tells them that the cancer is not serious, the patient may not be able to access the support they need to ensure the best possible quality of life. in conclusion, it is important for families to tell cancer patients the truth in order to ensure that they receive the best possible treatment, have the emotional support they need to cope with their diagnosis, and have the best possible quality of life. in the chinese culture, this traditional practice should be changed to ensure that cancer patients are able to make informed decisions about their care and access the support they need.