i honestly can not say for sure if or if not there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are right now. however, i do know that the number of cars on the road today is far greater than it has ever been in the history of the united states. in fact, it is more than double what it was in . what do you think is the most important reason for the increase in car use? i think the biggest reason is that we are living longer than we ever have before. the average life expectancy for a man is now over  years old. that is a lot of time to spend driving around in a car. we are spending more time in our cars than ever before, and that is not necessarily a good thing. there are many reasons for this, but one of them is because we have become so dependent on cars for our transportation needs. if we had to walk or take public transportation to get to work or school, we would not be spending so much time driving to and from work and school. it is also important to remember that cars are not the only form of transportation that people use. people also walk, bike, take the bus, ride the train, drive their own cars, or use a combination of all of these methods. for example, if you live in an urban area, you are more likely to be walking or biking to your job than you would be driving your car to the job. this is especially true for people who are older and have lower incomes. they are less likely than younger people to have cars and are therefore more vulnerable to being injured or killed by a driver who is distracted or impaired by alcohol or drugs. another reason people are using cars more often than they used to is due to economic conditions. many people have lost their jobs or have been forced to take lower paying jobs in order to make ends meet. as a result, they cannot afford to buy a new car, so they have to use their current car as long as they can until they are able to find another job or find a better paying job that does not require driving. finally, many people do not have the time or money to maintain their cars. cars are expensive to own and maintain, especially when you consider the fact that you need to pay for gas,