the development of technology in the early stcentury has made a tremendous impact on modern society. one particular example is the rise of smartphone use and its effect on communication. smartphones are small, handheld devices which allow users to access the internet, text and call friends, take photos and videos, play games, check emails and browse social media platforms such as facebook or instagram. the mass adoption of smartphones has had both positive and negative effects on how people communicate with each other. in many ways, it has made our lives more convenient by allowing us to stay connected with family or friends from all over the world at any timewithout having to leave home or make expensive long distance calls. it also enables us to get news quickly or look up information without having to search for it in books or wait for a television program about it we can even watch live streaming video with ease!. on the other hand, some argue that smartphones have actually decreased facetoface interactions between peopleespecially teenagers who spend much of their free time texting rather than talking directly. moreover, constant access to digital networks makes people more likely to compare themselves negatively with others they see online this often leads them into feelings of loneliness due to unrealistic expectations caused by comparison addiction syndrome cas. furthermore, online interactions facilitated by phones may lead some individuals down dangerous paths such as cyberbullying or inappropriate content consumptionwhich could potentially damage their psychological health if left unchecked. overall though  while there are potential risks associated with excessive smartphone usage  overall these devices have brought great changes in human communication because they offer so much convenience at our fingertips! with proper education about responsible use and parental guidance where necessary we can ensure that teens make good decisions when interacting via phone thereby avoiding cas syndrome altogether!