should drivers be able to use cell phones while driving? thats a question that has been debated for a long time. as a th grader, i think its important to consider both sides of the argument before making a decision. on the one hand, cell phones can be very useful while driving. for example, if theres an emergency and you need to call for help, having a cell phone can be a lifesaver. additionally, many people use their cell phones for gps navigation, which can help them get to their destination more easily. some people even use their cell phones to make handsfree calls, which can be safer than holding the phone and talking. on the other hand, using a cell phone while driving can be very dangerous. when youre driving, your main focus should be on the road and other cars around you. if youre too busy looking at your phone, you might not see something important, like a red light or a pedestrian crossing the street. this can lead to accidents, which can hurt not only you, but also other people. in fact, according to the national highway traffic safety administration, texting and driving increases the risk of a crash by  times! in my opinion, drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. its just too risky. imagine if you were driving and suddenly a child ran into the road. if you were looking at your phone, you might not have enough time to stop or react properly. thats why its important to keep your eyes on the road and your hands on the wheel at all times. of course, some people might argue that they can multitask and use their cell phones safely while driving. but the truth is, its impossible to do both things at once without putting yourself and others in danger. even if youre using a handsfree device, youre still taking your attention away from the road. so, what can we do instead? one solution is to make it illegal for drivers to use cell phones while driving. many states in the us have already implemented laws that prohibit texting and driving, but i think we should go a step further and ban all cell phone use while driving. this way, everyone will be safer and more focused on the road. in conclusion, using cell phones while driving is a dangerous and unnecessary risk. drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. we need to prioritize safety on our roads and make sure that everyone arrives at their destination safely.