the welfare of children is a primary concern in any society. governments around the world have a responsibility to provide services and programs that meet the needs of their citizens, both young and old. a key question is whether more of these social programs should be devoted to children than to adults. in my opinion, national governments should prioritize their social programs and services to children over adults. children are the most vulnerable members of society, with limited legal rights and no established economic power. in comparison, adults have greater abilities in terms of decisionmaking and financial independence. this means that they are in a better position to take care of their own needs and interests. for this reason, governments should prioritize services that directly aid children. such services could include free or affordable healthcare, school lunch programs, and youth recreation centers. additionally, investing in childrens social programs and services can have longterm benefits for society. research indicates that children who have access to quality educational and health services are more likely to become productive citizens and successful adults. this means that investing in childrens services can help create a better, more successful society for the future. furthermore, this can lead to economic savings in the long run, as fewer resources will be required to deal with the problems that are caused by poverty and neglect. on the other hand, adults can still benefit from some programs and services. for example, governments can provide access to affordable housing, job training, and mental health services. such programs can help adults become more selfsufficient and benefit society as a whole. nevertheless, these types of services should be secondary to those that directly benefit children. in conclusion, i believe that national governments should prioritize their social programs and services to children over adults. children are the most vulnerable members of society, and investing in their wellbeing can have longterm benefits for society. adults can still benefit from some programs, but these should be secondary to those that directly benefit children. by focusing on childrens needs, governments can ensure a brighter future for all.