making a commitment to a chosen career path when entering high school can offer students a wide range of benefits. first and foremost, students have the opportunity to begin focusing more seriously on the specific course of study most relevant to their chosen career and hone in on skills that will be required for their chosen field. doing so will also provide more structure to their high school curriculum, allowing them to save money on courses that wont be necessary for their eventual career. although there are numerous benefits to encouraging students to commit to a career choice early, there are also potential drawbacks. by focusing on one career path, students can miss out on the opportunity to explore areas of interest that may come up in the future. as a result, they can become more rigid in the academic and career paths they have chosen, and may not be open to other areas of study. additionally, having to commit to a career so early can also lead to more stress and anxiety amongst students. high schools that do offer career options can give students a jumpstart into the professional world. they enable them to prepare for college earlier and better equip themselves with the skills they need to pursue their chosen career. on the other hand, schools that do not offer career options may unintentionally narrow a students choices, or lack the resources to provide career guidance that can be essential for career exploration. choosing ones career early in life versus later in life has its own set of pros and cons. making a career decision early on can give students a head start and allow them to begin the groundwork, while waiting until later in life may provide a more varied experience, allowing students to explore more opportunities before making a final decision. no matter which option is chosen, however, the ultimate goal is to ensure that students have a collegeready application so that they can access the best resources available to them for pursuing the career of their choice.