throughout history, there have been endless examples of people who have turned failure into success. wilma rudolph, a paralympic athlete, is a powerful example of how failure can be turned into success. despite contracting polio when she was a toddler, she overcame it and went on to become the first american black woman to win three gold medals in the  rome olympics. her example shows that success comes with hard work, perseverance, and optimism, even in the face of adversity. in contrast, failure can be discouraging or even detrimental to some. sometimes, facing failure with a negative attitude can derail success and make it harder to get motivated. this could be because those with a negative attitude, view failure as absolute, rather than something to learn from and build upon. on the other hand, some people have the opinion that failure should be embraced and seen as a learning opportunity. entrepreneur jim rohn famously said, your challenge is not to avoid mistakes, but to recognize that failure is a path to personal growth. this emphasizes that failure should be taken as a way to grow and develop valuable skills. chris gardner is a fine example of how coming back from failure is very much possible. despite being homeless with his son, he never gave up on his entrepreneurial dreams and went on to found his own stockbrokerage firm. he teaches us that success means never taking no for an answer, and that everyone can start again if they choose to. the resilience some have when faced with failure can often come from their willingness to take risks and stay optimistic about the future. having a growth mindset helps to keep failure from spiraling into a deeper pit of confusion and regret. focusing on the positive and staying motivated in the face of adversity will empower people to brush off failures more quickly and continue on towards success. in conclusion, failure is just as important as success in many aspects of life. not only does it give people the opportunity to learn and grow, but it can also shape their personality and give them the confidence to take measured risks. people should stay motivated and optimistic when faced with failure and use it as a stepping stone towards success.