in the western world, if a family member has got a cancer, hisher family members must tell himher about it frankly. if not, it would be regarded as being illegal. but in the chinese culture, a common practice is not to tell the patient the truth. some people think that this traditional practice must be changed along with the development of modernization. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of roughly  words. i agree that the traditional chinese practice of not telling cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis should be changed along with the development of modernization. there are several reasons for this. first, cancer patients have a right to know what is happening to their bodies and make informed decisions about their treatment. second, keeping the diagnosis from the patient can lead to unnecessary stress and anxiety for both the patient and the family. third, modern medicine has made great strides in the treatment of cancer, and patients need to be aware of all of their options in order to make the best choices for their care. the first reason that the traditional chinese practice of not telling cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis should be changed is that cancer patients have a right to know what is happening to their bodies and make informed decisions about their treatment. in the western world, patients are typically involved in every step of their care, from diagnosis to treatment to prognosis. they are given all of the information about their condition and are able to make decisions about their care based on that information. this is not the case in china, where patients are often kept in the dark about their diagnosis and treatment options. this is not fair to the patients, who deserve to be informed about their condition and to have a say in their care. the second reason that the traditional chinese practice of not telling cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis should be changed is that keeping the diagnosis from the patient can lead to unnecessary stress and anxiety for both the patient and the family. when a patient is diagnosed with cancer, the whole family is affected. if the patient does not know about the diagnosis, he or she will not be able to prepare for the treatment and the stress that comes with it. the family will also be burdened with the worry and anxiety of not knowing what the future holds. this can all be avoided if the patient is told about the diagnosis and is able to prepare for the treatment and the challenges that come with it. the third reason that the traditional chinese practice of not telling cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis should be changed is that modern medicine has made great strides in the treatment of cancer, and patients need to be aware of all of their options in order to make the best choices for their care. in the past, cancer was a death sentence. but today, there are many treatment options available, and patients have a much better chance of survival if they are diagnosed early and treated aggressively. but if patients are not told about their diagnosis, they will not be able to make informed decisions about their care and may miss out on potentially lifesaving treatment. in conclusion, the traditional chinese practice of not telling cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis should be changed along with the development of modernization. cancer patients have a right to know what is happening to their bodies and make informed decisions about their care. keeping the diagnosis from the patient can lead to unnecessary stress and anxiety for both the patient and the family. and modern medicine has made great strides in the treatment of cancer, so patients need to be aware of all of their options in order to make the best choices for their care.