making mona lisa smile is an article that talks about a new technology called the facial action coding system facs. this technology is really cool because it allows computers to identify human emotions by analyzing facial expressions. some people think that using this technology in classrooms to read the emotional expressions of students is valuable, but i dont think its a good idea. one reason why i dont think using facs in classrooms is a good idea is because its not accurate. the author of the article even says that the system is only about  accurate when it comes to identifying emotions. so, if teachers started using this technology to try and figure out how their students were feeling, they would only get an accurate reading about  of the time. thats not very reliable, in my opinion. another reason why i think using facs in classrooms is a bad idea is because its kind of creepy. its like the computer is spying on you and trying to figure out how youre feeling. i dont think i would feel comfortable knowing that my teacher could see how i was feeling just by looking at my face. its an invasion of privacy, and i dont think its fair to do that to students. plus, what if the computer got it wrong and the teacher thought i was feeling something i wasnt? that could lead to all sorts of misunderstandings and problems. lastly, using facs in classrooms could also be distracting. if students knew that the computer was analyzing their facial expressions, they might start to focus more on trying to control their emotions instead of paying attention in class. that would be counterproductive and would defeat the whole purpose of going to school in the first place. in conclusion, i think using the facial action coding system in classrooms to read the emotional expressions of students is a bad idea. its not accurate, its creepy, and it could be distracting. instead of relying on technology, teachers should focus on building relationships with their students and getting to know them so they can better understand how theyre feeling. thats what good teaching is all about, after all.