introduction hey there! ive heard youre convinced that the face on mars is a sign of alien life. while i understand why you might think that, im here to argue that its actually just a natural landform. i know, i know  it looks like a face, but hear me out. in this essay, ill explain why i think the face is just a part of mars natural geography. body first of all, lets talk about the size of the face. according to the article, its huge  about . miles long and  mile wide. thats definitely not the size of a face youd find on a person or even a statue. its much larger than that, which makes it hard to believe that it was created by aliens. i mean, why would they make something so big? it doesnt really make sense. secondly, the article states that the face is made up of hills and valleys that are formed by the natural erosion of the martian soil. this means that its not a structure built by anyone  its just a natural part of the planets landscape. think about it, if aliens were building a face on mars, wouldnt they want it to be perfect? wouldnt they want it to be symmetrical and, you know, not have a big ol nose? but the face on mars isnt perfect  its got a bunch of random hills and valleys that make it look kind of...well, weird. lastly, the article mentions that the face is not a unique feature on mars. there are other formations on the planet that are similar, but theyre not faces. theyre just natural formations that happen to look like other things. for example, theres a formation that looks like a rabbit, but no ones saying that rabbits are living on mars. its just a weird coincidence, right? evidence from the article that supports my argument includes the fact that the face is made up of natural hills and valleys, and that its not a unique feature on mars. additionally, the size of the face is much larger than a regular face, making it hard to believe that it was created by aliens. conclusion so there you have it  while the face on mars might look like a face, its actually just a natural landform. its not a sign of alien life, but rather a funny coincidence that our brains are interpreting as a face. i know its fun to believe in aliens and all, but lets be real  sometimes things are just what they seem. and in this case, the face on mars is just a natural part of mars geography. thanks for listening!