the decision to pursue a particular career is one of the most important choices that one can make in their lifetime. it is understandable, then, why so many people choose to look at the most pragmatic considerations when making their decision. while these considerations may be important, i disagree that one should choose a career solely on such considerations. instead, i believe that one should take into account their natural talents and interests when making this decision. to begin with, it is important to recognize that having a job which one enjoys and takes pleasure in is more likely to ensure success in the longterm. after all, when one enjoys their work, they are more likely to find it easier to progress and to be motivated to work hard. on the other hand, having a job which one does not enjoy can lead to a lack of motivation and a lack of progress, leading to reduced job satisfaction. this is why it is important to take into account ones natural talents and interests when making their decision. for example, if somebody has a natural talent for writing and enjoys the process of writing, then pursuing a career in writing may be the best decision for them. they are already naturally talented in this area, so they will find it easier to progress in such a career field. furthermore, they will also find it easier to stay motivated as they enjoy the work they are doing. on the other hand, if somebody pursues a career in writing simply because of the salary they can expect to make, then they may find it more difficult to progress as they are not naturally talented in this area and may not enjoy the process of writing. additionally, when one decides to pursue a career based on their natural talents and interests, they are more likely to find success in the longterm. after all, when one pursues a career which they enjoy, they are more likely to work hard and to find success. furthermore, when one pursues a career which they are naturally talented in, then they are more likely to find success as their natural talents will give them an advantage over their competitors. on the other hand, if one pursues a career solely based on the needs of the economy, the relative ease of finding a job, and the salary they can expect to make, then they are more likely to find it difficult to progress as they may not be naturally talented in this area and may not enjoy the work they are doing. in conclusion, while it is understandable why so many people choose to look at the most pragmatic considerations when making their decision, i believe that one should take into account their natural talents and interests when making this decision. after all, when one pursues a career which they are naturally talented in and enjoy, they are more likely to find success in the longterm.