failure is an inevitable part of life that most experience in some way. but does failure need to be present in order for all of us to enjoy success? some people might argue that it does, but i disagree. i believe that failure is not necessary to have success, and that it can have a negative effect on enthusiasm. many of us perceive failure as a necessary part of the journey of life towards success. failure teaches us lessons and sometimes strengthens our determination. however, for many of us, failure can be a crushing blow that completely destroys our enthusiasm. depending on the individual, failure can cause us to give up and become discouraged. it can make us feel unworthy or incapable of achieving future goals, which can harm the state of our enthusiasm. with this in mind, i argue that failure does not necessarily have to be present to have success rather, it can stunt our enthusiasm and thus prevent us from achieving success. to illustrate this point, i will refer to my own personal experiences. a few years ago, after failing the same test over and over, i felt completely discouraged and ready to give up. i thought that because i failed at one task, i was incapable of achieving all my other goals. this brought my enthusiasm to a complete standstill, and i felt ready to throw in the towel. at this moment, i realized that failure doesnt have to be present in order to succeed. instead, i understood that my attitude towards failure was what had to change. by being more aware of my expectations and being confident in myself, i was able to push forward and find success despite the failures i had faced in the past. in conclusion, failure is not necessary to have success, and it can have a debilitating effect on enthusiasm. despite the life lessons that failure can teach us, it can also be detrimental to our wellbeing when we become too fixated on it. i urge us all to remember that success does not have to be preceded by failure, and to be more confident and accepting of ourselves after setbacks. that way, we can have a much better chance of achieving success.