it is generally accepted that college and university instruction should be of the highest quality. to ensure that this is the case, some argue that faculty should be required to spend time working outside the academic world in professions relevant to the courses they teach. while this could be beneficial, i disagree with this requirement. the primary reason for my disagreement is that this requirement would take too much time away from faculty, who need to focus on other important tasks within the academic world. college and university faculty are responsible for teaching classes, grading papers, holding office hours, and advising students. they are also expected to conduct research and publish papers. all of these tasks require a significant amount of time and effort, and forcing faculty to spend time outside the academic world would likely detract from their ability to fulfill all of these duties. additionally, there is no guarantee that the profession chosen by the faculty member would be relevant to their courses. this could mean that the faculty member would be spending time in a profession that would not be beneficial towards their teaching. on the other hand, there are some potential benefits to this requirement. for one, faculty would gain a more comprehensive understanding of the field they are teaching. this could help faculty create more engaging and effective courses. additionally, faculty could gain firsthand experience with the professional world, which could then be used to better prepare students for their future careers. finally, faculty might gain valuable insight on the current trends and issues in the field, which could further improve the instruction they are providing. overall, while there are some potential benefits to requiring college and university faculty to spend time outside the academic world, i believe that this requirement would take too much time away from faculty, who have important tasks to complete within the academic world. instead, faculty should be encouraged to spend time outside the academic world if they choose to do so, but this should not be a requirement. this would allow faculty to reap the potential benefits while still allowing them to maintain their core academic responsibilities.