the difference between the young and the old young people are more likely to be happy and satisfied with their lives than their older counterparts. they are also more optimistic about the future and more willing to make sacrifices for the good of their families and communities. the difference between the young and the old is not just a matter of age, but also of culture, education, income, and other factors. for example, young people in the u. s. are less likely than those in other developed countries to believe in god and to attend religious services regularly. in addition, they tend to have lower levels of educational attainment and income than do their elders. young americans also have higher rates of drug and alcohol abuse, sexual activity, teen pregnancy, divorce, domestic violence, suicide, depression, anxiety, substance abuse and mental health problems. on the other hand, older americans are happier, healthier, more educated and wealthier than they were a generation or two ago. their children are healthier and live longer than the children of previous generations. older americans have a greater sense of community and are better able to care for their aging parents and relatives than are younger americans. as a result, the older generation is better prepared to take care of the elderly and their dependents in old age than is the younger generation, which is more dependent on its parents for financial support. the problem of longevity the average life expectancy for americans is . years, according to the centers for disease control and prevention cdc. this is higher than that of any other industrialized country, including canada, france, germany, italy, japan, russia, spain, sweden, switzerland, britain, australia and new zealand. life expectancy at birth is a better indicator of overall health and wellbeing because it takes into account a persons age at the time of birth, rather than his or her age when he or she reaches adulthood. however, it is important to keep in mind that this statistic does not take into consideration the fact that many people die before reaching the age of . according to a study by the national center for health statistics nchs, the number of deaths due to heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, alzheimers disease and chronic lower respiratory diseases such as