there are several reasons why it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject. first, when one specializes in a particular subject, one runs the risk of becoming too narrowly focused and missing out on important related information. second, a broad knowledge base allows one to see connections between different fields and to apply knowledge from one field to another. finally, having a broad knowledge base makes one more wellrounded and therefore more attractive to potential employers. let us first consider the idea that specializing in a particular subject can lead to missing out on important related information. when one specializes, one focuses on a small subset of information within a larger field. this can lead to a lack of understanding of the larger field as a whole. for example, a student who specializes in physics may have a detailed understanding of the laws of motion but a very limited understanding of the history of physics or the physics of other branches of science. as another example, a student who specializes in english literature may have a detailed understanding of the works of a few authors but a very limited understanding of the history of the english language or the literature of other cultures. in contrast, a student with a broad knowledge base is more likely to have a wellrounded understanding of the subject as a whole. second, a broad knowledge base allows one to see connections between different fields and to apply knowledge from one field to another. specialists are often so focused on the details of their own field that they fail to see the connections between their field and other fields. for example, a specialist in physics may be so focused on the details of physics that he or she fails to see the connections between physics and other fields such as biology or chemistry. a student with a broad knowledge base, on the other hand, is more likely to see the connections between different fields and to apply knowledge from one field to another. for example, a student with a broad knowledge of physics may be able to apply the laws of motion to the study of biology or chemistry. finally, having a broad knowledge base makes one more wellrounded and therefore more attractive to potential employers. in todays economy, employers are looking for employees who are not only knowledgeable in a particular field but also wellrounded. they want employees who can think critically, solve problems, and see the connections between different fields. a student with a broad knowledge base is more likely to be attractive to potential employers than a student who specializes in a particular subject. in conclusion, there are several reasons why it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject. specialists run the risk of becoming too narrowly focused and missing out on important related information. a broad knowledge base allows one to see connections between different fields and to apply knowledge from one field to another. finally, having a broad knowledge base makes one more wellrounded and therefore more attractive to potential employers.