the impact of social media on the lives of teenagers. in recent years, social media has become an integral part of many teenagers lives. despite being a relatively new phenomenon, it has already had a significant impact on our society and the lives of those growing up within it. in particular, teenage lives have been greatly affected by both positive and negative aspects that come with using social media. one of the most remarkable benefits to arise from the use of social media is its ability to connect people all over the world with just one click. by having access to such widespread communication networks, teens can communicate their ideas more easily and learn about different cultures in ways that simply werent possible before. this allows them to form meaningful relationships with people that they would otherwise never be able to reach  something which could open up incredible opportunities for them later down lifes road. furthermore, this interconnectedness also enables young people to share knowledge quickly and efficiently. rather than spending hours manually researching topics or waiting for books or papers from libraries  teens now have instant access to vast amounts of information through websites such as wikipedia or quora  making learning seemingly effortless!. social media can also play an important role in helping young adults express themselves more freely whether this is through engaging in conversations about personal interests or just expressing their feelings openly via status updatestweets etc., there are endless possibilities available at their fingertips! music lovers might find solace in joining music forums sports fanatics can find others who share similar passions online fashionistas may even get inspired by what they see posted everyday  no matter what your tastes or hobbies may be, chances are youll find something suitable out there via social networks!. on the other hand though, not all effects brought upon by using these platforms are beneficial ones  some prove detrimental both psychologically and physically too studies show that teenagers interacting on certain sites tend suffer lower selfesteem due overcomparing themselves against