dear senator, i write to you as a concerned citizen of our great state regarding the current system we use to elect the president of the united states  the electoral college. the electoral college, as described by the office of the federal register, is a process that was established in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. however, much has been debated about the effectiveness of this system, and whether a shift to direct popular voting should be observed. the critics of this system argue that the electoral college is fundamentally undemocratic. as bradford plumer opines, the winning candidate may not necessarily reflect the will of the majority voters, as was the case in , when al gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency due to the electoral vote. they argue that because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates focus their campaigns only on the competitive states, neglecting the others. this may leave many potential voters feeling alienated and neglected. the electoral system also allows for the possibility, albeit slim, of a tie in the electoral vote, which could lead the decision of the president to the house of representatives. arguments such as these against the electoral college system highlight its tendency to marginalize the principle of majority rule. though these criticisms are valid, there are indeed compelling arguments in the defense of the electoral college system as highlighted by judge richard a. posner. he points out, among others, that this system provides certainty of outcome, given its winnertakeall mechanism, and the fact that the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. moreover, the system requires a presidential candidate to have a transregional appeal, thereby preventing the possibility of a president with only regional support. perhaps most importantly, the electoral college avoids the complication of runoff elections, as it invariably produces a clear winner. to address the concerns of critics, we can suggest necessary reforms to the system rather than a complete abolition. for example, we can consider dividing the electoral votes proportionally as done in maine and nebraska, rather than winnertakesall, in each state. we must remember that the founding fathers instituted the electoral college as a safeguard mechanism to balance the effect of populous and sparsely populated states and it remains a relevant mechanism today. as your constituent, i recognize the complexity of this issue and urge you, senator, to carefully weigh the implications of such a significant change in our electoral process before taking action. sincerely, your name