dear senator last name, im writing to you as a student and citizen of our great state in concern to the potential reform of the electoral system for electing the president of our nation. the electoral college system, as it stands, serves as an effective and sensible means of ensuring equal representation despite its occasionally counterintuitive outcomes. i urge you to be cautious before advocating for a shift to a presidential election by popular vote. the electoral college, while it may seem outdated, offers several benefits. judge richard a. posner, addresses these benefits such as the certainty of outcome it provides posner . in the current electoral college system, the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote, which minimizes the likelihood of disputes over the elections outcome posner . moreover, the electoral college ensures that a presidential candidate will have a more transregional appeal, preventing a candidate with only regional popularity from winning the election posner . this may prevent the feeling of disenfranchisement among voters from regions that did not favour the elected president. posner also argues that voters in swing states, knowing that they will decide the election, are likely to be the most thoughtful and attentive, leading to a more informed outcome posner . however, it is essential to acknowledge that the current system does have flaws. as bradford plumer begins his argument in the indefensible electoral college, the system has the capacity to ignore the will of the majority of citizens, as we saw in the  election plumer . in this election, al gore won the popular vote yet lost the presidency due to the quirks of the electoral college. additionally, plumer points out that the winnertakesall scenario effectively marginalizes voters in safe states, causing presidential candidates to spend more time and resources on swing states plumer . yet, it is important to note that any switch to a system of popular vote also carries grave risks. with such a system, focus would then be placed disproportionately on regions with the highest population density rather than swing states, potentially leading to similar, if not heightened, sentiments of disenfranchisement from rural and less populated areas. therefore, it is crucial to have a comprehensive understanding of the consequences that such a dramatic change in our electoral process might bring. though the electoral college may not be perfect, it attains some form of balance. therefore, rather than a complete shift to election by popular vote, i suggest a constructive critique and cautious amendment of the existing structure. for instance, more states could follow the example of maine and nebraska, which operate on a system of proportional representation rather than the winnertakeall method. thank you for considering my views on this important matter. i believe that with careful deliberation, we can improve our system of electing the united states president. sincerely, your name