there is no single answer to the question of whether or not men are becoming more greedy and selfish. some people might argue that this is the case, while others might say that there has always been a certain amount of greed and selfishness in human nature. however, i believe that there are some valid reasons to believe that men are becoming more greedy and selfish. one reason for this is the way that our society is structured. in the past, most people lived in small, closeknit communities where everyone knew each other and looked out for one another. however, in todays society, most people live in large cities where they are surrounded by strangers. this can lead to a sense of isolation and loneliness, and people may be more likely to look out for themselves and their own interests. another reason for the increase in greed and selfishness is the way that our economy is structured. in the past, most people worked in manual labor jobs, and they were able to earn a decent living. however, in todays economy, most jobs are in the service industry, and people are not able to earn a living wage. this can lead to a sense of desperation, and people may be more likely to take advantage of others in order to get ahead. finally, i think that the way that we are raised has a lot to do with the increase in greed and selfishness. in the past, children were taught to respect their elders and to look out for the wellbeing of their family and community. however, in todays society, children are often raised to be selfcentered and to focus on their own needs. this can lead to a sense of entitlement, and people may be more likely to take advantage of others. all of these factors together contribute to the increase in greed and selfishness in men. i believe that we need to return to older, traditional values and show respect for family and local community. this will help to create a society that is more caring and compassionate, and it will help to improve the quality of life for all people.