while the notion of an ancient alien structure on mars is intriguing, the evidence from scientific studies strongly supports that the face on mars is simply a result of natural geological patterns and processes. when initially observed from orbiting satellites, the rectangular shapes and symmetry of the landform did resemble a deliberately designed structure. however, upon closer examination by spacecraft and scientific analysis, it becomes clear that natural erosional forces created this unique landform over millions of years. there are several key pieces of evidence that point to a natural origin for the face. first, images from the viking orbiters and landers revealed that the surrounding terrain displayed similar patterns of plateaus, mesas and cliffs eroded into puzzling shapes. this indicates it was part of a larger pattern of natural landforms shaped by wind and water erosion over eons. scientists also observed no evidence of artificial construction methods or technologies that would be expected for an artificial construct of that scale. additionally, images with higher resolution showed the face was actually an uneven and arbitrary pattern of hills and mesa ridges with no symmetrical proportions or evidence of design when viewed close up. perhaps most convincingly, data from the mars global surveyor mission in  showed that the face was an example of a natural geological feature known as a mesa. mesas are flattopped hills or mountains formed by weathering and erosional processes that carve softer rock layers beneath harder caprock layers. the patterns in the rock that appeared rectilinear from a distance were revealed to be the natural undulations and slopes typical of such geological mesa formations. there is simply no anomalous or artificial materials or evidence of technology to be found upon close examination of the landform and surrounding terrain. in conclusion, while the idea of encountering ancient aliens on mars is an exciting prospect, scientific analysis has clearly shown the face on mars to be a product of natural geological forces, not artificial construction. the preponderance of evidence from multiple missions to study mars upholds an origin of simple wind and water erosion over millions of years forming this celebrated but entirely natural mesa landform. for those seeking proof of past life or civilization on mars, the answers will have to be found through more promising locations yet to be discovered and studied.