one of the most controversial issues in regards to famous people is the way they are treated by the media. some people believe that famous people are unfairly treated by the media and they should be given more privacy. they argue that this is the price of fame and that the media should not be able to access all of the personal information about a famous person. others believe that the price of fame is to be open and accessible to the media. they argue that if famous people are not open and willing to share their personal information with the media, then the media will not be able to write about them or feature them in their stories. there are many reasons why people may believe that famous people are unfairly treated by the media. one reason is that the media seems to focus a lot of their stories on the negative aspects of a famous persons life. this can make it difficult for the public to see the positive aspects of a famous persons life. another reason is that the media often writes about famous people in a way that is sensationalistic. this means that the media is often not able to give a full and accurate picture of a famous persons story. this can make it difficult for the public to understand why a famous person is famous and what their accomplishments are. another reason is that the media often does not give famous people the opportunity to respond to the stories that are written about them. this can lead to misunderstandings about the situation. for example, if a story about a famous person says that they are angry about something that has been written about them, but the famous person does not have the opportunity to respond, the public may think that the famous person is actually angry about them. all of these reasons make it difficult for the public to understand the situation and to have an accurate perspective on what is happening with a famous person. this can lead to a lot of criticism and scrutiny of the famous person. on the other hand, some people believe that the price of fame is to be open and available to the media. they argue that if famous people are not open and willing to share their personal information with the media, then the media will not be able to write about them or feature them in their stories. some people believe that this is necessary in order to allow the public to have access to the stories and personalities of famous people. they argue that if the media is not able to write about a famous person, then the public will not be able to learn about them. others believe that if a famous person is willing to share their personal information with the media, then the media will be more likely to write about them in a positive way. this is because the media will be more likely to respect the privacy of a famous person if they are willing to share their information. there are many reasons why people may believe that famous people are treated unfairly by the media. however, the main reason is that the media focuses a lot of their stories on the negative aspects of a famous persons life. this can make it difficult for the public to see the positive aspects of a famous persons life.