isolation of seniors during the covid pandemic. the coronavirus pandemic has brought unprecedented disruption to our daily lives, affecting virtually everyone. however, one group that has been particularly hard hit is older adults. because they are more vulnerable to severe illness from the virus and its potential complications, seniors have had to bear a significant burden in terms of social isolation due to lockdowns and other safety measures. this essay will explore how this lack of physical connection with family and friends has manifested itself among senior citizens during this time. as noted earlier, many government officials around the world have implemented strict rules on movement in order to slow or stop the spread of covid. while these regulations certainly have their benefits in terms of public health outcomes, they also can lead to a sense of loneliness for elderly people who live alone or do not often venture out into the world under normal circumstances. for instance, some seniors fear having no visitors at all when previously they would often receive visits from grandchildren or relatives such as nieces or nephews throughout the week  connections which can now be much harder if not impossible for them to maintain safely amidst tight quarantine restrictions for both themselves and others. . furthermore, even if contact does occur between an isolated senior citizen and those outside their home environment  perhaps via phone calls or video chats  it is likely still inadequate compared with facetoface interactions that were once commonplace prior to social distancing guidelines being put in place across most countries worldwide. as human beings need personal contact with loved ones not just for emotional support but also cognitive function preservation especially true amongst aging populations, this deficiency leaves many elderly people feeling lonely despite any efforts made by local governments and health agencies towards resolution through technological means like virtual visits via video conference services like zoom etcetera . . to further compound matters , there are growing concerns over increased cases depression amongst some individuals within certain high risk groups , namely those aged