a wellexecuted home improvement project can be a great source of pride for any homeowner. theres nothing more satisfying than taking on an ambitious renovation and seeing it through to its completion successfully. this is especially true when the project in question is painting the exterior of your house. not only does it help improve curb appeal, but it also increases property value and protects your home from harsh weather conditions. painting the outside of a house requires dedication, time, and attention to detail in order to do it correctly. first off, you must choose the paint color that best suits your style as well as complementing existing trim colors or landscaping elements. its also important to consider what type of finishs will work best based on local weather conditionsglossy paints are great for sunny climates while satinfinish paints may better suit areas with higher levels of humidity or precipitation. once you have selected all necessary materials brushes, rollers, painters tape, you should begin prepping the surface so that paint will adhere properlythis means sanding down any chipped or peeling surfaces and filling cracks or holes with spackle before priming them accordinglyotherwise theres a good chance that whatever paint gets applied wont last long at all! once everything has been adequately prepared then you can start applying coats of paint using either brushes or rollers depending on which method works best for largersmaller areas respectively if possible try using two different typescolors for contrast purposes too elements such as shutters often look amazing when painted differently. finally make sure to let each coat dry before applying another one  this step is particularly important during humid months where water droplets could cause streaks and damage newly applied layers! all said and done however painting exteriors can take anywhere from one weekend up multiple weeks depending on how much area needs coverage but trust us when we say