it is undeniable that degree certificates have become increasingly important in modern societies. in many institutions, ones promotion is primarily decided by whether one has obtained a graduate degree or not. a growing number of critics say that this tendency goes to the extreme, young people may be misled. a degree certificate can reflect only ones academic achievements but not all abilities essential for successful career. for example, a person with a graduate degree in civil engineering may be better prepared for a career in architecture than someone without such a degree. however, a person with a degree in civil engineering may not be as prepared to work in a field such as human resources, marketing, or accounting. this is because these fields require different sets of skills and knowledge. critics of the degree certificate system argue that it is not fair to give preferential treatment to those with graduate degrees. they say that everyone should be given an equal opportunity to succeed, no matter what their level of education is. they argue that the degree certificate system is a form of discrimination, and it is unfair to give preferential treatment to those with graduate degrees. some opponents of the degree certificate system also argue that it is not necessary to have a graduate degree to be successful in a career. they say that, in many cases, a graduate degree is not necessary for success in a career. for example, a person with a degree in civil engineering may be successful in a career as a civil engineer, but he or she may also be successful in a career as a software engineer. supporters of the degree certificate system argue that it is important to have a graduate degree in order to be successful in a career. they say that a graduate degree is necessary for many occupations, and it is not possible to be successful in a career without a graduate degree. they argue that the degree certificate system is an effective way to ensure that everyone has the same opportunity to succeed in a career. there are many reasons why people argue in favor of the degree certificate system. some argue that a graduate degree is necessary for success in a career. others argue that the degree certificate system is an effective way to ensure that everyone has the same opportunity to succeed in a career. ultimately, it is up to each individual to decide whether or not they believe in the degree certificate system.