its easy to overlook the importance of adequate sleep, but it is essential for a healthy lifestyle. while many people may think that sleeping too much will make them lazy and unproductive, getting enough rest actually strengthens our ability to focus and stay energized throughout the day. sleep deprivation has become too common in modern society with some individuals only getting four or five hours of sleep per night, if any at all. not only does this lack of rest take its toll on physical health, but mental health as well studies have shown that those who suffer from insomnia are more likely to develop issues such as depression and anxiety. in addition, inadequate amounts of sleep can lead to slower reaction times and decreased judgment making skills which can be dangerous when driving or operating heavy machinery. getting a good nights sleep is necessary for overall wellness because it allows your body time to repair itself from both physical activities like exercise and emotional stressors such as workrelated tasks or family conflict. during deep periods of rem rapid eye movement sleep our bodies produce beneficial hormones including melatonin which helps with regulating moods and serotonin which elevates feelings of happiness while reducing cortisol levels associated with stress. since we spend one third of our lives asleep there are several ways we can practice better hygiene habits when trying obtain quality shut eye setting up a comfortable bedroom environment by choosing supportive bedding materials along with controlling temperature settings avoiding harmful substances like alcohol before bedtime developing regular routines engaging in relaxing activities before going to bed as opposed to stimulating ones such as watching horror films or playing video games right before dozing off finding ways manage difficult emotions that prevent us from falling asleep quickly whatever they may be  worry or discouragement  by writing them down so you dont ruminate on them late into the night. . . . . . overall an effective strategy for obtaining optimal levels of restful slumber includes implementing lifestyle modifications combined with natural remedies whenever applicable instead relying on pharmaceutical drugs