i believe that the internet will never replace the book or the written word as the main source of information. there are many reasons for this. first, the internet is not permanent. if you want to find information that was written years ago, you will need to use the written word. second, the internet is not always reliable. sometimes websites will go down, or you may not be able to connect to it. third, the internet can be difficult to search. you may not be able to find the information you are looking for easily. fourth, the information on the internet can be biased. some websites may have a bias against certain types of information, such as political information. fifth, the information on the internet can be inaccurate. sometimes websites will mistake one word for another, or they will not include all of the information that is necessary to make a decision. sixth, the information on the internet can be overwhelming. you may not be able to find the information that you are looking for quickly. seventh, the information on the internet can be distracting. you may not be able to focus on what you are reading because there are so many other distractions available. eighth, the information on the internet can be misleading. sometimes websites will change the information that they are presenting, or they will include false information. ninth, the information on the internet can be dangerous. you may not be able to trust the information that you are reading. tenth, the information on the internet can be offensive. some websites may contain inappropriate content, such as violence. finally, the information on the internet can be outdated. the information on the internet can change over time, and the information that is available now may not be available in the future. all of these reasons make it difficult for the internet to replace the book or the written word as the main source of information. i believe that the internet will continue to be a source of information, but it will not be the main source of information.