there is no doubt that young people nowadays spend a lot of time on their own pursuits, whether it be studying, working, or enjoying their free time. however, this does not mean that they do not care about their communities. on the contrary, there are many young people who are actively involved in helping those around them. one reason why young people may not seem to be as involved in their communities as older generations is that the way communities are structured has changed. in the past, there were more opportunities for people to get to know their neighbours and to work together on projects. with the rise of technology and the move towards urbanisation, many people now live in neighbourhoods where they do not know their neighbours well, if at all. this makes it harder for young people to get involved in their communities. another reason why young people may not seem to be as involved in their communities as older generations is that they are often busy with their studies or work. as young people get older, they usually have more responsibilities and less time to participate in activities outside of their busy schedules. despite these reasons, there are many young people who are actively involved in their communities. there are numerous examples of young people who have started charities, volunteered their time, and worked to make their communities a better place. for example, in , a group of high school students in the united states started a charity called we the students. this charity raises money to help students who cannot afford to go to college. the students who founded the charity were all aged between  and . another example is the organisation do something, which is a global movement of young people aged  to  who are working to make a positive impact on the world. the organisation has over . million members around the world, and it has raised over  million for charity. in conclusion, young people are not less involved in their communities than older generations. there are many young people who are actively working to make their communities a better place.