the benefits of being an early riser. it is often said that the early bird catches the worm and there are numerous benefits to being an early riser. for those who work in a  job, rising at  or am gives you plenty of time to start your day off right by engaging in activities such as exercise, meditation and reflection. by doing this before heading off to work, youre able to set yourself up for success throughout the rest of your day. people who wake up earlier tend to be more productive and have better mental clarity than those who dont rise until later on in the morning. rising at dawn also allows us plenty of time to utilize our natural environment  taking advantage of a quiet sunrise can be quite calming and help reset our internal clocks so we can better synchronize with nature throughout our day. being surrounded by nature has been scientifically proven to reduce stress levels, improve memory formation and increase creativity  all things which will certainly benefit ones productivity levels during office hours! additionally, having some extra quiet moments every morning helps build resilience which is essential when it comes times tackling tough tasks head on during the business week. . . finally, waking up early allows us greater control over our own lives despite any external factors that may arise studies have shown that individuals who maintain consistent routines are generally healthier both mentally and physically because they feel like they have some level of control over their actions. making sure we wake up each morning with enough time left for ourselves ensures that through healthy habits such as eating properly balanced meals and challenging ourselves intellectually through reading books or listening podcastswe stay active within life even if other aspects become increasingly chaotic around us!. all in all, waking up early offers many valuable benefits including increased productivity levels while at work , reduced stress levels due to surrounding yourself with nature , improved brain function from routine activities , plus overall better physical health thanks to controlling ones daily schedule . by