accidental discoveries and inventions are often heralded as some of the most groundbreaking and influential events in history. from isaac newtons discovery of gravity to alexander flemings development of penicillin, many of the most important discoveries and creations we know of were not intentionally sought out, but rather stumbled upon by accident. i fully agree with the statement that it is often while seeking the answer to one question that we come across the answer to another, and in this essay, i will provide examples of accidental discoveries and inventions and explain why i believe this statement to be true. one of the most wellknown examples of an accidental discovery is the invention of the microwave oven by percy spencer. in , spencer was working for raytheon, a military defense contractor, and was attempting to develop a radar system for the company. while conducting his experiments, spencer noticed that a chocolate bar in his pocket had suddenly melted and realized that the microwaves from the radar had caused the chocolate to melt. this realization prompted him to experiment further, and eventually, he created the first microwave oven. another example of an accidental discovery is the discovery of penicillin by alexander fleming. in , fleming was studying a type of bacteria in his lab when he noticed a green mold had grown on one of the culture dishes. when he closely examined the mold, he noticed that the bacteria on the culture dish had been destroyed by the mold. this observation led to the discovery of penicillin, one of the most important antibiotics known to mankind. in addition to accidental discoveries, accidental inventions are also quite common. for example, the postit note was invented by arthur fry in . fry was working at m and was attempting to create a bookmark that would stay in place without damaging the pages of the book. after several failed attempts, fry noticed that a gluelike substance he was using was not sticky enough to keep the bookmark in place, but was still able to stick to paper. this observation eventually led to the creation of the postit note. to sum up, accidental discoveries and inventions have been a major part of human history and have resulted in some of the most important discoveries and inventions of all time. it is clear that it is often while seeking the answer to one question that we come across the answer to another, as demonstrated by examples such as the invention of the microwave oven and the discovery of penicillin. for this reason, i fully agree with the statement that accidental discoveries and inventions are some of the most important discoveries and creations of all time.