the benefits of utilizing solar energy are numerous and well documented. as an alternative energy source, solar has many advantages over traditional methods such as coal, natural gas, and oil. not only is it clean and renewable but it also helps to reduce our dependence on foreign sources of power while providing a significant economic boost in both the shortterm and longterm. solar energy has been embraced by governments around the world due to its environmental friendliness compared to other forms of fuel generation. unlike polluting fossil fuels, solar does not produce any harmful emissions or pollutants which can be damaging to human health or degrade air quality. solar produces no hazardous waste materials which must be disposed of properly rather, the suns rays are free for anyone who wishes to take advantage of them. in addition, solar panels require little maintenance once they have been installed making this form of energy production highly cost effective in comparison with more traditional methods. in terms of economic benefit from harnessing solar power, many countries have opted for photovoltaic technology pv as opposed to other forms such as troughs or dishes which use mirrors or lenses instead because pv offers better efficiency when converting sunlight into electrical current  up to  compared with . this higher conversion rate means that more electricity is generated per panel for a lower price resulting in cheaper overall costs for consumers using pv systems than those using other technologies such as wind turbines or hydroelectric dams. furthermore, the installation process involved with installing pv systems tends to take less time than those involving more complicated technologies such as thermal collectors meaning that fewer man hours need to be dedicated towards setup leading further savings in money spent on labour costs associated with generating electricity through solar technology versus traditional methods like coal burning plants etcetera. . as mentioned earlier though one perhaps most important aspect about harnessing this form of renewable resource comes down sustainability unlike conventional resources which will eventually run out completely after having been used repeatedly throughout their life