i agree that many societies do not take their greatest thinkers seriously, even when they claim to admire them. this is because societies often fail to recognize the value of progressive thought and instead prefer to maintain the status quo. this can be seen in the way that some societies are reluctant to embrace revolutionary ideas, instead preferring to stick to traditional ways of thinking. one example of this is the work of the renowned french philosopher, jeanpaul sartre. sartres philosophy focused on human freedom and the search for meaning, with a particular focus on existentialism. his works were highly influential during the th century, yet his ideas were often met with criticism and skepticism. despite the fact that sartre is one of the most respected thinkers in history, many people have failed to fully appreciate his work and the implications it has for society. similarly, the work of the american philosopher john dewey was largely ignored by contemporary society. dewey was a leader of the philosophical movement known as pragmatism, which focused on the practical application of values and ideas. despite the fact that dewey had a significant impact on modern thought, his ideas were largely unrecognized in his own time. the same can be said for the work of the german philosopher friedrich nietzsche. nietzsches philosophy focused on nihilism and the will to power, which was seen as highly controversial at the time. as a result, nietzsches work was met with a great deal of skepticism and criticism. in all these cases, it is clear that great thinkers are often not taken seriously, even when they are admired. this is because their ideas often challenge existing systems of thought, which can be uncomfortable and even threatening to some. as a result, many societies are unwilling to embrace the progressive ideas of great thinkers, instead preferring to stick to the status quo. in conclusion, it is clear that many societies do not take their greatest thinkers seriously, even when they claim to admire them. this is because their ideas often challenge existing systems of thought, which can be uncomfortable and even threatening to some. as a result, great thinkers are often met with skepticism and criticism, rather than the appreciation they deserve.