the debate over which skill of english is more important for chinese learners is a longstanding one. some people believe that reading should be given priority, while others think that speaking should be the focus. in my opinion, speaking should be given priority, as it is the most practical and useful skill for chinese learners. first of all, speaking is the most practical skill for chinese learners. in todays globalized world, english is the language of international communication, and being able to speak english fluently is essential for chinese learners who wish to interact with people from other countries. for example, if a chinese student wishes to study abroad, they will need to be able to communicate with their professors and classmates in english. furthermore, speaking english is also important for chinese learners who wish to find a job in an international company. in addition, speaking english is also the most useful skill for chinese learners. being able to speak english fluently allows chinese learners to access a wealth of knowledge and resources that would otherwise be unavailable to them. for example, chinese learners can watch english movies and tv shows, listen to english podcasts, and read english books and articles. all of these activities can help chinese learners to improve their english skills and gain a better understanding of the english language. finally, speaking english is also the most enjoyable skill for chinese learners. unlike reading, which can be tedious and timeconsuming, speaking english can be fun and engaging. chinese learners can practice their english skills by having conversations with native english speakers, playing english language games, and participating in english language clubs. all of these activities can help chinese learners to improve their english skills while also having a good time. in conclusion, speaking should be given priority over reading for chinese learners. speaking is the most practical and useful skill for chinese learners, and it is also the most enjoyable. therefore, chinese learners should focus on speaking english in order to gain the most benefit from their language learning experience.