attitude has a profound impact on the success of an individuals life journey. when approached with a positive attitude, the opportunities come in increasing abundance, helping to ensure that the individuals success reaches its ultimate potential. when approached with a negative attitude, the individuals selfdestructive attitude takes over the entire environment, have a negative effect on the individuals life and those around them. one of the most effective ways to ensure a positive attitude is to set realistic goals. this not only provides validation of where the individual is currently but also provides a roadmap to success that is manageable and achievable. with this roadmap in mind, it is important to stay focused on those realistic goals and to maintain an attitude that is realistic,yet optimistic. positivity breeds success, setting someone up for the longterm success that they orignally sought out to reach. making the conscious decision to stay positive enables someone to face difficult situations better and handle the roller coaster ride of lifes waves with grace. it also helps to take each step of the journey with more enthusiasm and passion, something that leads to better focus and greater selfbelief. having the right attitude also contributes to having a more meaningful life beyond material gains. attitude is also an attitude that can be controlled. it can be trained through regular practice of selfcare and being mindful of daytoday thoughts and emotions. establishing a practice of gratitude also helps to foster an attitude of optimism which is essential to achieve success in life. it is important to make sure our attitude remains positive and stays true to our values. having a good attitude is essential to success in life. it allows individuals to stay focused and inspired to achieve their goals. by setting realistic goals, practicing positive selftalk, and developing a practice of gratitude, any individual can control their attitude to better their life and the lives of those around them.