in the western world, if a family member has got a cancer, hisher family members must tell himher about it frankly. if not, it would be regarded as being illegal. but in the chinese culture, a common practice is not to tell the patient the truth. some people think that this traditional practice must be changed along with the development of modernization. first of all, it is important to consider the difference in culture between the western and chinese societies. in the western world, it is considered a moral obligation to tell someone about their cancer, even if the person does not want to know. this is because it is seen as being in the persons best interests to know. in the chinese culture, however, it is not considered polite to tell someone about their cancer. this is because the patient may not want to hear the bad news. secondly, it is important to consider the difference in the way cancer is treated in the western and chinese cultures. in the western world, the focus is on treating the cancer as quickly and effectively as possible. this is because the goal is to save the patients life. in the chinese culture, however, the focus is on keeping the patient comfortable and healthy. this is because the goal is to prolong the patients life as long as possible. finally, it is important to consider the difference in the way cancer is diagnosed in the western and chinese cultures. in the western world, cancer is usually diagnosed after it has spread to other parts of the body. this is because the doctors want to catch the cancer as early as possible. in the chinese culture, cancer is usually diagnosed after the patient has started to experience symptoms. this is because the doctors want to treat the cancer as soon as possible. all of these factors combined make it difficult for the chinese culture to change its traditional practice of not telling patients about their cancer. it is important to consider the cultural differences when trying to change a longstanding tradition, because doing so may be difficult.