in twenty years, there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. i agree with this statement, as there are a number of factors which will contribute to this shift in the automotive industry. firstly, the development of electric vehicles is rapidly increasing. this is due to the fact that electric vehicles are becoming more affordable, as well as being more efficient and ecofriendly than petrol or diesel vehicles. this means that more people are likely to switch to electric vehicles in the future, as they become more commonplace. additionally, governments around the world are increasingly introducing incentives and subsidies to encourage people to switch to electric vehicles. this will further accelerate the shift away from petrol and diesel vehicles. secondly, the development of selfdriving cars is also likely to have an impact on the number of cars in use in the future. selfdriving cars are predicted to become more commonplace in the next twenty years, with many companies already investing heavily in the technology. selfdriving cars are expected to be much more efficient than humandriven cars, as they are able to react more quickly and accurately to their environment. this means that fewer cars will be needed to transport people and goods, as selfdriving cars will be able to cover more ground in a shorter amount of time. finally, the rise of ridesharing services such as uber and lyft is also likely to have an impact on the number of cars in use. these services allow people to book a ride from a driver, without having to own a car themselves. this means that fewer people will need to own a car, as they can simply use a ridesharing service when they need to. additionally, these services can also be used to transport goods, which could reduce the need for delivery vehicles. in conclusion, i believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today. this is due to the increasing popularity of electric vehicles, the development of selfdriving cars, and the rise of ridesharing services. all of these factors will contribute to a decrease in the number of cars in use in the future.