it is true that our modern society is often referred to as a throwaway society due to the excessive amount of plastic bags and other nonbiodegradable materials we produce. this has led to an increase in landfill sites, the destruction of habitats and an increase in plastic pollution in our oceans. i believe this is a serious problem that needs to be addressed and that we should work towards finding a solution to this issue. firstly, the amount of plastic bags that are used and discarded on a daily basis is incredibly concerning. plastic bags are often seen as a convenient solution for carrying items, however, the majority of them are not biodegradable and can take hundreds of years to decompose. this means that these bags will pile up in landfills, pollute the environment and can even be hazardous to animals. even if we are able to find a way to recycle them, many of these bags end up in the ocean, where they have been documented to have a devastating impact on marine wildlife. secondly, while it is easy to blame the individual for being wasteful, we also need to look at the larger corporations and governments that produce and distribute these materials to consumers. companies are often putting profits before the environment and are not held accountable for the damage their products cause. governments should be regulating the production of plastic bags and encouraging businesses to invest in more sustainable alternatives, such as reusable bags or biodegradable bags. they should also be investing in research and infrastructure to help reduce the amount of plastic waste and increase recycling. although it may seem like an overwhelming problem, i believe that change is possible and that we can develop better solutions to our throwaway society. if we all work together to reduce our consumption of singleuse plastics, pressure corporations to develop more sustainable products and encourage governments to invest in sustainable initiatives, then we can make a real difference in our environment.