every once in a while, we take a vacation and go travelling to different countries. it is a great experience and we always learn something new and interesting about the country we are visiting. however, there are times when we want to go on our own and travel by ourselves, without the help of a guide or tour company. there are many reasons why we would like to do this. one of the most common reasons is that we dont have a lot of money to spend on a trip. another reason is because we feel that it would be a waste of our time and money if we spend all our money on the trip and then come back emptyhanded. we would rather spend the money we have on something that will benefit us in the long run, such as a good meal, a nice hotel room, or a new pair of shoes. traveling by yourself is also a way for us to meet new people and make new friends. if you are traveling alone, it is important that you make sure that the people you meet along the way are people who share your interests and values. you should also try to make friends with people from all walks of life, not just those who are similar to you in age, gender, race, religion, and so on. this will make it easier for you to get along with other people, because you will have more in common with them than you would if you were all from the same background. what is your favorite place you have traveled to so far? what is the best part of your trip? i would have to say that my favorite thing about my trip to the united states was meeting so many different people. i met people of all ages, races, nationalities, religions, sexual orientations, etc. and i learned so much from them. also, i really enjoyed my time in new york city. the people were so friendly and friendly people made me feel like i was at home. what was the worst part? my worst moment was when i had to leave my friends and family back home because i couldnt afford to stay any longer. that was a really hard moment for me, but i am glad that i made it out of it. how did you feel when you got back to your country of origin? did you miss your friends