it is a common perception that todays youth are not giving enough time to helping their communities. it is true that the younger generation is often more focused on their own personal goals, however, this does not necessarily mean that they are not giving enough time to helping their communities. in fact, young people are increasingly engaging in activities that benefit their communities, suggesting that they are in fact just as dedicated to making a positive impact as previous generations. to begin with, young people are increasingly using their skills and knowledge to help their communities. for instance, many university students volunteer with local charities that focus on helping people in need. this could involve anything from providing food to homeless people, to helping out in soup kitchens. furthermore, young people are also engaging in activities that contribute to the environment of their communities, such as planting trees, organizing cleanup campaigns, and participating in beach cleanups. moreover, young people are also increasingly engaging in activities that help to raise awareness about important causes. for example, many young people are actively taking part in campaigns to raise awareness about climate change, poverty, and other social issues. by doing so, they are not only helping to spread the message, but they are also encouraging others to take action. similarly, many young people are also actively campaigning against racism, sexism, and other forms of discrimination, which is an important step towards making communities more inclusive and tolerant. in addition, young people are also increasingly using technology and social media to help their communities. for instance, many young people are using social media to raise funds for important causes, such as medical bills for people in need, or to provide resources to those affected by natural disasters. similarly, young people are also using technology to create innovative solutions to problems that affect their communities, such as creating apps to help with food insecurity or to provide access to mental health services. overall, it is clear that young people are increasingly engaging in activities that benefit their communities. they are using their skills and knowledge to help those in need, raising awareness about important causes, and using technology and social media to create innovative solutions to problems. therefore, it is evident that young people are in fact dedicating considerable time and effort to helping their communities.