i agree that society should identify those children who have special talents and abilities, and begin training and developing those talents at an early age. this is because of the potential these children have to excel in their area of ability, and the fact that failing to do so may lead to their talents remaining undeveloped. first of all, it is important for society to identify those children who have special talents and abilities, as these children have the potential to excel in their area of ability. identifying these talents in children early on allows us to then focus on helping them to develop and refine their skills. for example, a child who is naturally talented at music may have an easier time picking up an instrument and learning to play, whereas a child without a natural inclination towards music may find it more difficult. by recognizing these talents early, we can provide the best resources and mentorship for the child to further their skill, and give them the best chance of success. in addition, failing to identify and nurture these skills at an early age may mean that the potential of the child will not be realized. for example, a child who has a natural talent for the visual arts may go on to have a successful career as an artist, but if they are not given the opportunity to develop their skills at an early age, they may not recognize their potential, or even find the confidence to pursue it. by giving them the chance to explore their talent, we can ensure that the potential of each child is realized and can help them to find success in their chosen field. finally, it is important that these children are given access to the right resources and mentorship in order to help them to further their skills. this could come in the form of access to art supplies, music lessons, or additional tutoring. by providing these resources, we can ensure that these children have the best chance of achieving success in their chosen field. in conclusion, i believe that society should identify those children who have special talents and abilities, and begin training and developing those talents at an early age. this is because of the potential these children have to excel in their area of ability, and the fact that failing to do so may lead to their talents remaining undeveloped. by providing access to the right resources and mentorship, we can ensure that these children are given the best chance of success.