advertising is a powerful tool used to influence consumer decisions. companies use various tactics to make their products seem better than they actually are. while this can be effective in boosting sales, it can also lead to disappointment when customers realize the product doesnt live up to their expectations. for this reason, i disagree with the statement that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. one of the most common ways companies make their products seem better than they really are is by using deceptive language. this can range from using vague terms like all natural to make a product seem healthier than it is to using exaggerated claims like guaranteed to work. these claims can be misleading and can lead to customers purchasing a product that doesnt meet their expectations. another tactic companies use to make their products seem better than they really are is by using deceptive visuals. this can include using models to make a product appear more attractive than it is in reality or using images that dont accurately portray the product. for example, a company may advertise a product with a picture of a meal that looks much more appetizing than the actual product. this can lead to customers being disappointed when they try the product and it doesnt look as good as it did in the advertisement. finally, companies often use celebrity endorsements to make their products seem better than they really are. this can be effective in convincing customers that the product is worth buying, but it can also lead to disappointment when the product doesnt live up to its hype. for example, a celebrity may endorse a certain brand of shoes, but the shoes may not be as comfortable as the celebrity claims. in conclusion, i disagree with the statement that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. companies often use deceptive language, visuals, and celebrity endorsements to make their products appear more attractive than they really are. this can lead to customers being disappointed when the product doesnt live up to their expectations.