for many people who want to achieve something significant in life, setting goals is a crucial step in the effort of reaching that success. goals provide clarity, set expectations and can help keep someone on track and focused on their end goal. when setting these objectives, it is important to consider the level of difficulty and the expected growth one will experience. when setting goals to a higher level, there are clear benefits that can be seen compared to setting goals to a low level. to begin, setting goals to a higher level forces an individual to challenge themselves and grow in order to reach that end goal. achieving more difficult goals can not only provide a sense of success and pride, but also can give validation to progress made and a sense of growth. reaching higher level objectives can also open up the possibility to more, as putting extra effort into a task or achieving a goal that seems extreme can open up myriad of other opportunities that one may not have had access to before. furthermore, challenging goals can provide someone with a variety of intellectual, physical, and emotional experiences that will be beneficial in the long run. in this way, one can find growth in all aspects and gain knowledge that will remain with them for a lifetime. however, it is important to note that this type of growth comes with a certain cost. setting higher level goals can require extra focus, time, energy, and other resources that may have a financial or emotional consequence. moreover, if the goal is too far out of reach, it can lead to a sense of failure and an unwillingness to keep striving towards the goal. overall, setting goals to a higher level provides one with more growth and a greater sense of success compared to setting goals at a lower level. growth in terms of experiences, awareness, and knowedge. on the other hand, it is important to keep a sense of balance when setting goals as to not end up overwhelmed or taken aback if the goal is out of reach. doing so can help one reach to the top without sacrificing too much and experiencing the most benefit.