in the current society of rapid developments and changes, competition and cooperation are involved in every field of life and work. it is important for children to learn how to deal with both of these situations. what is competition? competition is a situation in which two or more people try to gain an advantage over each other. for example, if two people are competing for a job, one person is trying to get the job and the other person wants to keep it. competition can also occur between people who have different ideas about the best way to achieve a goal. if you want to be a doctor, you might compete with other doctors to see who can treat the most patients in the shortest amount of time. you might also compete to win the lottery or to become the first person in your family to graduate from college. there are many different types of competition, and each type has its own advantages and disadvantages. some people believe that competition is good because it encourages people to work hard and to try new things. others believe it is bad because competition can lead to a lack of respect for other peoples time and effort. still others believe competition leads to an overreliance on ones own talents and abilities, which can result in a loss of selfconfidence and a feeling of inferiority. what is cooperation? cooperation is the process by which people work together to accomplish a common goal, whether that goal is to build a bridge, to solve a problem, or just to enjoy a good time together. cooperation can take many forms, such as a group of people working together on a project, an individual working with another individual to complete a task, a team of workers building a house together, etc. when people cooperate, they are more likely to do what is best for the group rather than for themselves. they are also more willing to give up some of their own time to help others. how do children learn about these two different ways of competing and cooperating? children learn competition by watching their parents and other adults compete and cooperate with one another. children also learn cooperation by observing other children cooperate and compete. the following are some examples of what children see when they observe adults and children competing or cooperating a mother and father are playing a game of hideandseek with their children. one of the children is hiding, while the