over the past few decades, there has been a dramatic increase in the amount of plastic that is being produced and used. this plastic is often made out of singleuse materials that are not biodegradable, and when they are discarded, they end up polluting our environment and creating a huge problem. there are a number of reasons why we have developed into a throwaway society. one reason is that we are often using singleuse plastics instead of reusable ones. a singleuse plastic bag can be used once and then thrown away, but a reusable one can be used multiple times and often lasts for a long time. another reason is that we are often buying products that are packaged in plastic. if we buy a product that is not packaged in plastic, we may have to carry the packaging with us or try to find a place to put it when we get home. finally, we are often using plastic to store our food. if we eat out, we may have to use a plastic plate or bowl, and if we cook at home, we may use plastic containers for our food. all of these things are contributing to the problem of plastic pollution. when we use plastic, it ends up in our environment. we can see it in the ocean, where it is killing marine life, and we can see it in the sky, where it is causing pollution. there are a number of things that we can do to try to solve the problem of plastic pollution. one thing that we can do is to try to reduce the amount of plastic that we use. we can use more reusable products, buy products that are packaged in less plastic, and do our best to avoid using singleuse plastic. there are also a number of ways that we can try to recycle plastic. we can recycle it into new plastic products, we can try to find ways to burn itso that it does not end up polluting our air and our environment, or we can try to find ways to compost it. overall, i think that we have developed into a throwaway society because of the way that we are using plastic. we need to do our best to avoid using it, to reduce the amount that we use, and to recycle it if we can.