the arts, including music, dance, and visual arts, are integral components of a students education, and they should be given as much emphasis in school curriculums as mathematics, science, reading, and other mainstream subjects. as with any subject, the arts provide students with a range of skills and knowledge, and students should be encouraged to explore and develop their artistic talents in order to become wellrounded, educated individuals. the most obvious benefit of the arts is that it can help students to develop their creativity and selfexpression. learning how to play an instrument or how to paint can give students the opportunity to develop their own ideas, express their feelings, and explore different ways of thinking. this creative outlet can be a source of joy and selfconfidence, and can help students to develop their own unique perspectives on the world. in addition, the arts can help students to develop problemsolving and critical thinking skills. during an art class, students must come up with creative solutions to problems, think critically about the material they are working with, and come up with new ways of approaching the project. this type of problemsolving can be beneficial in other areas of life, such as science and mathematics. the arts can also help students to develop their social and communication skills. for example, in music classes, students must work together to create a composition, learn to trust one anothers opinions, and communicate their ideas effectively. these types of skills can help students to become strong team players and collaborate better with their peers. finally, the arts can provide students with a sense of accomplishment and confidence. after spending hours practicing an instrument or working on a painting, students can feel a great sense of accomplishment when they see their efforts pay off. this motivation can help students to develop their selfesteem and confidence, which can then be applied to other areas of their lives. in conclusion, the arts should be given equal emphasis to mathematics, science, reading, and other mainstream subjects in school curriculums. the arts can provide students with skills and knowledge that are just as important as the skills developed in mainstream subjects, and can help students to become creative, selfconfident, and wellrounded individuals.