music, drama, and art classes have a wide variety of benefits to offer when it comes to educating students, so it comes as no surprise that they are taught in schools around the world. however, the debate of whether these creative courses should be electives rather than mandatory courses continues to be a topical issue. electives provide students a wider range of interests to explore and the opportunity to customize their educational journey. by allowing students to choose which electives they take, they are free to pick the skillsets they are most passionate about and that best match their goals. having the freedom to make their own decisions is a valuable learning opportunity for students and teaches them the skill of prioritizing and decision making in a safe and supervised environment. moreover, by being able to choose classes for which they have a personal interest, students are more likely to engage in the material and take interest in learning it. counselors or teachers can be of great help in narrowing down the selection of electives and helping students find the courses that best fit their individual interests. by offering personalized support, they can guide students towards exploring subjects that they would otherwise be unaware of or reluctant to take. in addition to traditional music, drama, and arts courses, other types of electives could be offered that target some of the most popular student interests such as robotics, computer programming, and athletic programs. by offering students a variety of creative and innovative courses, schools can accommodate individual interests and provide a balanced learning environment. in conclusion, it is clear that assigning music, drama, and art classes as electives rather than mandatory courses would provide students with a better educational experience. through these electives, students can pursue the activities or talents that best suit their individual talents, explore innovative subjects that peak their interests, and gain valuable experience in decision making.