we all have to face the reality of death at some point in our lives, and it can be a very difficult thing to come to terms with. when dealing with the death of a loved one, grief is something that we must learn how to deal with in order for us to move on afterwards. its not easy, but understanding the various stages of grief can help make this process go more smoothly. the first stage is denial  when we just dont want to accept what has happened its too hard and too painful for us so we shut down emotionally and block it out completely. this feeling will eventually pass as time goes by, but it could take weeks or months before you realize that your loved one really isnt coming back again no matter how much you wish they were here still. the second stage is anger  usually an emotion directed towards god or whoever else asking why such a terrible thing had happened when life seemed so good beforehand. we may feel like nothing will ever be alright again and lash out angrily towards those around us who are also trying their best to help during this difficult period. but remember that this emotion usually passes over time too  try talking through your emotions if possible instead of bottling them up inside as eventually these feelings should start dissipating soon enough without any longterm harm done. the third stage is bargaining  where we try desperately searching for answers as well as solutions which would somehow bring back our lost loved one from beyond the grave even though deep down inside we know nothing can do so realistically speaking. youll find yourself making promises or pleading offers hoping against hope that somehow things turn out differently from what youre expecting.but unfortunately theres never going guarantee either way!. . the fourth stage is depression  where sadness sets in about having been robbed off someone close forever feelings of helplessness overwhelm you because now whatever happens next depends entirely upon your own strength  courage rather than relying on anyone