one of the main benefits of attending physical classes rather than taking classes from home is the lack of distractions available. online classes may offer a feeling of convenience, but without a physical teacher present, its up to the student to ensure that they are completely focused on the task at hand. it can be difficult to stay concentrated in a comfortable home environment, particularly when distractions such as television, the internet, and social media are just a few clicks away. without a teacher present to redirect their focus onto the task, its easy for students to get sidetracked and miss important points. having an actual teacher to ask questions of and receive feedback from is also a big part of the learning process. in a classroom setting, students have the opportunity to ask questions in realtime and get feedback on their work from a trained professional. conversely, taking classes from home does not provide the same level of opportunity for students to ask questions, get clarification, and receive immediate feedback on completed assignments. this can hamper their learning by limiting their understanding of the material and preventing them from getting the most out of the class. finally, attending physical classes rather than taking classes from home also provides more time and opportunity to learn. in a physical class, students are able to take advantage of lunch, recess, and afterschool programs that may not otherwise be possible when they are learning from home. this additional time to learn allows for greater comprehension of class material and encourages further exploration and experimentation with concepts. overall, taking classes from home can be detrimental to student learning. while it may offer some level of convenience, physical classes allow students to take advantage of having a physical teacher to ask questions of, immediate feedback on their work, and additional time and opportunity to learn. attending physical classes is ultimately the better choice for improving their learning ability.