introduction hey there! im super excited to share my thoughts on the face on mars with you. i know some people think it was created by aliens, but let me tell you, its actually just a natural landform. ive read this really cool article called unmasking the face on mars and its got some awesome information that proves my point. body first of all, the face on mars isnt even a face at all! its just a bunch of hills and valleys that, when looked at from a certain angle, kinda resemble a face. but thats it! its not like theres a giant martian head sitting up there or anything. the article says that the face is actually a formation called a mesa which is just a flattopped hill thats been eroded by wind and water over time. thats why it looks so weird! another thing thats really cool is that the face on mars changes depending on the lighting. sometimes it looks super clear and defined, and other times its all fuzzy and hard to see. thats because the shadows and sunlight can make it look different. its not like aliens are messing with it or anything, its just the way the sun and shadows work together. oh, and get this  the face on mars isnt even unique! there are other places on mars that have similar formations, like the easter island formation that looks like a bunch of heads. but no ones saying that those are aliens either! its just a funny coincidence that they look like faces. evidence from the article that supports my argument includes the fact that the face is made up of natural geological formations like mesas and valleys. the article also talks about how the face changes depending on the lighting, which shows that its not a static structure that was built by aliens. and, as i mentioned before, there are other formations on mars that look like faces too, so its not like the face on mars is some kind of special, oneofakind thing. conclusion so, there you have it! i hope ive convinced you that the face on mars is just a natural landform and not some alien creation. its really cool to think about how the wind and water on mars can shape the landscape in such a unique way, and its even cooler to think about all the other natural wonders that are waiting to be discovered on the red planet. thanks for listening to my argument, and i hope youll join me in the quest to explore and learn more about our amazing universe!