the media has an overwhelming influence on how we view celebrities and the lives they lead. there are two sides to the argument of whether or not famous people should be given more privacy. on one hand, some believe that celebrities should be given more privacy due to their status and the fact that they are human beings just like the rest of us. on the other hand, some feel that this is the price of their fame and that they are willingly sacrificing their privacy for the attention they receive. i believe that while celebrities should be given some level of privacy, they should also understand that this is the price of their fame and should accept that the media will focus on their lives. celebrities are human beings and should be given some degree of privacy. they should not be subjected to relentless media scrutiny and should be allowed to live their lives without feeling constantly monitored. we should not forget that despite their status and wealth, they are still fallible and have a right to privacy. furthermore, we should be able to differentiate between genuine news and gossip. it is wrong to focus on the personal lives of celebrities and sensationalize their activities, as this can lead to further issues such as mental health problems. on the other hand, celebrities should understand that their fame will always be accompanied by media attention. they are willingly sacrificing their privacy for the attention that comes with it and should recognize that the media will focus on their lives. celebrities should understand that there is a fine line between public interest and intrusion and should be aware that the media will be interested in their activities. additionally, they should be aware that they are role models and should conduct themselves accordingly. in conclusion, while celebrities should be given some level of privacy, they should also recognize that this is the price of their fame and should accept that the media will focus on their lives. it is important to differentiate between public interest and intrusion, and celebrities should be aware that they are role models.