drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while driving in todays world, cell phones have become nearly ubiquitous. however, using a cell phone while driving can be dangerous and should be avoided. there are several key reasons for this. first and foremost, operating a vehicle requires a drivers full attention. talking or texting on a cell phone distracts the driver from concentrating on the road and surrounding traffic. this increased distraction poses a serious safety risk, as it can delay a drivers reaction time and cause them to take their eyes off the road for prolonged periods. even seemingly simple tasks like checking notifications or dialing a number require cognitive focus that should be dedicated to driving. second, research has shown that driving while using a cell phone is comparable to driving drunk in terms of increased accident risk. talking on the phone while driving makes a persons driving four times as likely to be unsafe. sending or reading a text takes a drivers attention away from the road for around five secondsthe equivalent of driving the length of an entire football field blindfolded at  mph. at any speed, this type of inattention can easily result in crashes, injuries and loss of life. finally, cell phone use behind the wheel has become a factor in a growing number of accidents on our nations roadways each year. according to the national highway traffic safety administration, cell phone use while driving led to over  million car crashes in  alone. distracted driving claims thousands of lives per year in americadeaths that are entirely preventable. drivers have a responsibility to themselves and others to stay off their phones while in control of a potentially lethal moving vehicle. in conclusion, using a cell phone for any purpose while driving is simply too dangerous and puts lives at risk. drivers need their full attention on the road instead of engaging in activities that can wait until the car is parked. for the safety of everyone on the road, cell phone use should be banned for drivers. public safety must take priority over personal phone conversations or messages. lives depend on drivers focusing completely on the task at handsafely navigating traffic.