in recent years, it has become quite clear that a lack of education can have farreaching consequences. for one, a lack of education can lead to poverty. in a world where the wealth and resources are increasingly becoming globalized, a lack of education can lead to a person having limited opportunities and being unable to compete in the global economy. another consequence of a lack of education is that a person is likely to be unable to find a job they are excited about or that will help them meet their life goals. in an increasingly competitive job market, it is important to have a good education if you want to be able to find a good job and provide for yourself and your family. a lack of education can also lead to a person being unable to find a good job. a good job is one that pays well and allows you to support yourself and your family. a lack of education can lead to a person having lowerpaying jobs that do not allow them to live a comfortable life. a lack of education can also lead to a person having low selfesteem. a lack of education can mean that a person does not have the skills necessary to find a good job or to do well in school. a lack of education can lead to a person feeling like they are not capable of anything. in a world where a good education is increasingly important, it is important to make sure that all children have access to a good education. this can be done through things like providing more financial assistance to students who are struggling to afford school, increasing the number of schools and teachers, and making it easier for students to transfer to a new school if they are unable to continue their education in their current school. a lack of education can have serious consequences for a persons life. a lack of education can mean that a person does not have the skills necessary to find a good job or to do well in school. a lack of education can lead to a person feeling like they are not capable of anything. a lack of education can also lead to a person being unable to find a good job, which can lead to poverty and other problems. in a world where a good education is increasingly important, it is important to make sure that all children have access to a good education.