it is true that young people are not giving enough time to helping their communities. however, this is not necessarily a negative trend. in fact, it is quite understandable given the fact that young people have far more responsibilities than their predecessors. as such, it is important to recognize that there are other ways in which young people are helping their communities. to begin with, it is important to note that young people today are far more likely to volunteer their time than previous generations. according to a recent survey, nearly half of all young people aged between  and  have volunteered their time in the past year. this is a significant increase from previous generations, who were far less likely to volunteer their time. furthermore, young people are also far more likely to donate money to charitable causes. this is due to the fact that, as a generation, young people are more aware of the importance of giving back to their communities. another way in which young people are helping their communities is through their education. young people today are far more likely to pursue higher education than their predecessors. this is beneficial for the community, as it helps to create an educated and skilled workforce. furthermore, by pursuing higher education, young people are able to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to become successful members of their communities. finally, young people today are also far more likely to engage in meaningful conversations about the issues that affect their communities. this is due to the fact that, as a generation, young people are far more aware of the issues that are affecting their communities. this means that, rather than simply ignoring the issues, young people are more likely to engage in conversations about how to solve them. in conclusion, it is true that young people are not giving enough time to helping their communities. however, this is not necessarily a negative trend. young people today are far more likely to volunteer their time, donate money to charitable causes, pursue higher education, and engage in meaningful conversations about the issues that affect their communities. as such, it is important to recognize that there are other ways in which young people are helping their communities.