introduction hey there! ive heard youre convinced that the face on mars is a creation of aliens. i understand why you might think that, but let me tell you, as a nasa scientist, im here to tell you that its not the case. the face on mars is actually a natural landform, and im here to explain why. body first of all, lets talk about the features of the face. its true that it looks like a face, but thats just a coincidence. the article we read explains that the face is actually a hill that was formed by the movement of water and wind. its made up of sand and rocks, just like any other hill on earth. theres nothing special or alienlike about it. moreover, the article also mentions that the face on mars is not even a unique feature. there are similar landforms on earth, like the badlands of south dakota, which were also formed by the same natural processes. so, if we can have natural landforms that resemble faces here on earth, why cant we have them on other planets like mars? it only makes sense. another point to consider is that the face on mars is not a perfect face. its actually a bit lopsided and not very symmetrical. if aliens were creating a face, wouldnt they want it to look as perfect as possible? its clear that the face on mars is not a creation of intelligent life, but rather a natural occurrence. finally, lets talk about the history of the face on mars. the article tells us that the face was discovered in the s, and since then, numerous spacecraft have imaged it. if it were truly an alien creation, dont you think we would have found some evidence of it by now? we would have seen some sign of alien activity, like footprints or buildings. but theres nothing like that on mars. conclusion so, there you have it. i hope ive convinced you that the face on mars is a natural landform and not an alien creation. its important to look at the evidence and use our critical thinking skills to come to the right conclusion. the face on mars is just one of many fascinating natural features in our solar system, and im excited to explore more of them in my career as a nasa scientist. thank you for listening!