i think drivers should not be able to use cell phones while driving. its really dangerous and a lot of people get injured or even killed from accidents caused by distracted driving. i know some people might say that its important to be able to answer calls or texts while driving, but its just not worth the risk. first of all, using a cell phone while driving takes away from the drivers attention on the road. when youre driving, your eyes should be on the road and your hands should be on the wheel. but when youre on your phone, youre not paying attention to whats happening around you. you might not see that car stopping in front of you or that pedestrian crossing the street. its just too dangerous. another thing is that using a cell phone while driving is a big distraction. when youre texting or scrolling through social media, youre not focused on driving. you might be looking at your phone instead of the road, and thats when accidents happen. its like driving blindfolded. also, think about how fast youre going when youre driving. you could be going  miles per hour or even faster. that means that if youre distracted by your phone, you could be driving for a long time without even realizing it. you could be missing red lights, stop signs, and other important signs on the road. furthermore, a lot of states have laws against using cell phones while driving. they know how dangerous it is, and they dont want people to die or get hurt. if its illegal, it must be bad. i know some people might say that they need to be able to use their phone for work or emergencies. but there are ways around that. you could use a handsfree device or have a passenger answer the phone for you. or you could just pull over to a safe place and then answer the phone. its not that hard. in conclusion, using a cell phone while driving is too dangerous and should not be allowed. its a major distraction and takes away from the drivers attention on the road. its also illegal in a lot of places, and there are ways to avoid having to use your phone while driving. drivers should just focus on driving and leave their phones alone.