dear senator senators last name, i am writing to express my concerns about our current system of electing the president of the united states, which is the electoral college. some aspects of the electoral college seem outmoded, and i believe that it is important to consider whether we should retain it or transition to a system of electing presidents by popular vote. the electoral college, as detailed by the office of the federal register, was established in our constitution as a compromise. it presents a method of election that resides somewhere between selection by the u.s. congress and pure popular vote passage . but bradford plumers article the indefensible electoral college highlights multiple flaws of the electoral college, such as the potential for faithless electors who vote against the will of the people passage . however, there are strong arguments for keeping the electoral college. judge richard a. posner outlines several reasons, some of which include a higher certainty of outcome, encouraging candidates to consider all regions of the u.s., focusing campaign efforts on swing states, balancing the political influence of large states, and avoiding the complications of runoff elections passages . a study mentioned in plumers article revealed a majority of u.s. voters would prefer a direct election passage . this seems to express a general desire for a more democratic system rooted in popular vote. yet, paradoxically, moving to a system based solely on the popular vote could lead to negative outcomes. for instance, candidates might focus their campaigning solely on larger, more populous cities, neglecting rural and less populated areas. this is exactly what the electoral college system protects against, as posner argues that it forces presidential candidates to appeal to a wider range of voters passage . while arguments against the electoral college system involve possible elector problems and bias toward swing states passages   , pasner counters these with the argument that the electoral college provides more certainty of outcome passage  and encourages voters in swing states to be more thoughtful and engaged passage . our current system ensures that presidents must have broad appeal across regions and that the results are final and immediate, avoiding runoff elections passages   . importantly, for a country as geographically and culturally diverse as ours, this aspect of the electoral college is key in maintaining balance and inclusivity in the process. to conclude, while there are valid points about the limitations of the electoral college made by critics, i am of the opinion that it continues to provide the most pragmatic and equitable method for electing our president by ensuring fair regional representation, avoiding runoff elections, and providing a clear outcome. this is an issue that deserves open dialogue and careful thought, and as my representative, i urge you to weigh the merits of this unique system we use to elect our president. sincerely, your name