english is an incredibly important language for chinese learners, and it can be difficult to decide which skill to prioritize. some people believe that reading should be given greater focus, while others feel that speaking should be prioritized. in my opinion, speaking should take precedence, as it is the most effective way to learn the language. first and foremost, the ability to speak english is essential for communication. in a world that is becoming increasingly interconnected, speaking english can open up many new opportunities. for instance, many chinese students go abroad to study and they need to be able to communicate with their peers in english. furthermore, english is the international language used in business, and chinese students may need to be able to speak it when negotiating deals or attending meetings. thus, it is clear that the ability to speak english fluently is vitally important. second, speaking is the best way to learn the language. reading is a great way to learn new words and gain knowledge of grammar and sentence structure. however, speaking is the best way to use words and grammar in context. through speaking, learners can become more comfortable with the language and learn how to use it in everyday situations. it is much easier to remember words and phrases when they are used in conversation. furthermore, speaking can help learners become more confident in their ability to communicate in english. finally, speaking english can be very enjoyable. learners can use the language to make friends from different countries and learn about different cultures. it can also be enjoyable to watch movies and listen to music in english. speaking english can be a great way for learners to have fun and gain a better understanding of the language. in conclusion, i believe that speaking should take precedence over reading when it comes to learning english. not only is it essential for communicating with people around the world, but it is also the best way to learn the language and have fun while doing so.