the notion that one must be forced to defend an idea against doubts and contrasting views of others in order to truly understand its value is an interesting concept that generates much debate. some believe that the process of defending ones idea against opposing opinions leads to a more thorough understanding of the idea itself. others, however, argue that it is possible to come to an understanding of the value of an idea without debating the issue with others. i personally side with the former argument and believe that one can only discover the true value of an idea by defending it against the doubts and contrasting views of others. the first reason why defending an idea against doubts and contrasting views of others leads to a better understanding of its value is that it allows one to identify any potential flaws in the idea. it is easy to be biased in favor of ones own ideas, so without being forced to defend them, it is possible for people to overlook any potential shortcomings. by being pushed to defend the idea against other views, however, those flaws often become more apparent, allowing the person to strengthen their argument or better understand why their idea is flawed. this in turn allows the individual to gain a more thorough understanding of the idea itself and its value. the second reason why defending an idea against doubts and contrasting views of others leads to a better understanding of its value is that it encourages critical thinking. often times, when presented with someone elses opinion, it is easy to become entrenched in ones own view and then simply dismiss the other persons views without providing a wellthoughtout argument for why one believes their own opinion to be better. however, by being forced to defend an idea against the doubts and contrasting views of others, one is forced to give thought to their own opinion and back it up with evidence. this encourages the individual to think more critically and come up with a stronger argument for why their idea is better than the opposing view. this encourages the individual to gain a better understanding of the value of their own idea. finally, the process of defending an idea against the doubts and contrasting views of others forces the individual to learn more about the issue. when debating an issue with someone else, often times it is necessary to research the issue in order to provide evidence for ones own view. this not only allows the individual to gain a better understanding of the issue itself, but also encourages the individual to come up with a more wellrounded argument in favor of their own view. this in turn leads to a better understanding of the value of the idea and how it can be applied in a practical sense. in conclusion, it is my belief that one can only discover the true value of an idea by defending it against the doubts and contrasting views of others. doing so allows the individual to identify any potential flaws in the idea, encourages critical thinking, and forces the individual to learn more about the issue. for these reasons, i believe that it is necessary to engage in challenging discussions in order to truly understand the value of an idea.