in the developed world, the car has long been a staple of daily life. in the past two decades, however, there have been increasing concerns about the environmental impact of cars and the sustainability of the automotive industry. these concerns have led to a number of initiatives aimed at reducing the number of cars on the road. in addition, the rise of ridesharing services such as uber and lyft has made it easier for people to get around without owning a car. for these reasons, i believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today. there are a number of reasons why i believe that the number of cars in use will decrease in the next twenty years. first, as mentioned above, there is a growing awareness of the environmental impact of cars. in the developed world, cars are responsible for a significant amount of air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions. as awareness of the issue grows, more and more people are likely to ditch their cars in favor of alternative modes of transportation. second, the automotive industry is facing a number of challenges that could lead to a decrease in the number of cars on the road. for one, the cost of owning and maintaining a car is rising. the price of gas, insurance, and repairs is all increasing, while the average salary is not. as a result, fewer people will be able to afford to own a car. in addition, the advent of selfdriving cars is likely to have a significant impact on the automotive industry. selfdriving cars will not only make it easier for people to get around without owning a car, but they will also lead to a decrease in the number of cars on the road as people switch to ridesharing services. finally, it is worth noting that the number of cars on the road has already begun to decline in some developed countries. in the united states, for example, the number of cars on the road peaked in  and has been declining ever since. this trend is likely to continue in the next twenty years as more and more people switch to alternative modes of transportation. in conclusion, i believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today. this is due to a number of factors, including the growing awareness of the environmental impact of cars, the challenges facing the automotive industry, and the already declining number of cars on the road in developed countries.