there is no right or wrong answer to this question, as everyone may have different opinions. however, i do believe that famous people should be given more privacy. there are many reasons for this, and i will list a few below. first, some people may think that famous people should not be subject to the same level of scrutiny and criticism that the average person is. this is because, as mentioned before, they are often given more access and attention than the average person. this can sometimes lead to them being treated unfairly, as they are not given a chance to defend themselves. second, some people may think that famous people should be given more privacy because they are often given preferential treatment by the media. this means that they are more likely to be featured in stories and articles, and they are also more likely to be given interviews. this can sometimes lead to them being overexposed, and it can also lead to them being portrayed in a negative light. third, some people may think that famous people should be given more privacy because they are often targets of online trolls. this means that they are often the target of online abuse and harassment. this can be very hurtful and damaging, and it can also lead to them feeling stressed and uncomfortable. fourth, some people may think that famous people should be given more privacy because they are often the target of online scams. this means that they are often the target of fraudulent schemes, and they can lose a lot of money as a result. finally, some people may think that famous people should be given more privacy because they are often the target of online scams. this means that they are often the target of fraudulent schemes, and they can lose a lot of money as a result. all of these reasons make sense, and they all demonstrate why famous people should be given more privacy. i believe that they should be given as much privacy as possible, as this will protect them from harm and will allow them to live their lives in peace and tranquility.