broad knowledge is always better than specialized knowledge. it is always better to be a jack of all trades and have a basic understanding of many subjects, than to be a master of one and know everything about one specific subject. here are three reasons why  specialized knowledge can be a hindrance. if you only know about one specific subject, you will be at a disadvantage when you encounter something that falls outside of your area of expertise. for example, if you are a medical doctor who specializes in heart surgery, you will be at a disadvantage if you are faced with a patient who needs brain surgery. on the other hand, if you are a general practitioner, you will be able to better handle the situation because you have a broad understanding of medicine.  specialized knowledge can be limiting. if you only know about one specific subject, you will be limited in your ability to think creatively and find solutions to problems. for example, if you are a mechanic who specializes in fixing cars, you will be limited in your ability to fix a broken washing machine. on the other hand, if you are a general handyman, you will be able to find a solution because you have a broad understanding of different mechanical systems.  specialized knowledge can be outdated. if you only know about one specific subject, your knowledge may quickly become outdated. for example, if you are a computer programmer who specializes in cobol, your skills will quickly become obsolete when newer programming languages come out. on the other hand, if you are a general computer programmer, you will be able to adapt to the new languages because you have a broad understanding of computer programming. in conclusion, it is always better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject. specialized knowledge can be a hindrance, limiting, and outdated. it is better to be a jack of all trades and have a basic understanding of many subjects, than to be a master of one and know everything about one specific subject.