hey fellow citizes, we got a big problem on our hands. cars. theyre everywhere. and theyre ruining our planet. we gotta limit car usage or else well be in big trouble. first off, cars are a major source of air pollution. they release harmful gases like carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxides into the air, which can cause respiratory problems and other health issues. according to the union of concerned scientists, transportation is responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in the us. thats a huge chunk! and cars are the main culprit. but its not just the air pollution thats the problem. cars are also a major source of traffic congestion. have you ever sat in traffic, stuck in your car for hours, wondering why you even bothered leaving the house? its a huge waste of time and its causing us all a lot of stress. in fact, according to the texas am transportation institute, the average commuter in the us spends  hours per year stuck in traffic. thats like, a whole extra work week! and lets not forget about the accidents. cars are involved in a lot of accidents, and they can be deadly. in , there were over , fatal car crashes in the us alone. thats a lot of lives lost, and its a huge burden on our healthcare system. so what can we do about it? we need to limit car usage. we can start by investing in public transportation. buses and trains are way more efficient than cars, and they produce a lot less pollution. we can also encourage people to carpool, bike, or walk to work. and we can make sure that our cities are designed in a way that promotes walkability and bikeability. but its not just about the environment. limiting car usage can also save us money. according to the bureau of transportation statistics, the average american household spends over , per year on transportation. thats a lot of cash! if we can reduce our reliance on cars, we can save money on gas, maintenance, and parking. in conclusion, cars are a big problem. theyre polluting our air, causing traffic congestion, and getting into accidents. we need to limit car usage and invest in alternative modes of transportation. its good for the environment, our health, and our wallets. so lets all do our part and try to use our cars a little less. we can make a difference, one car at a time. sources  union of concerned scientists. n.d.. transportation and air pollution. retrieved from httpswww.ucsusa.orgcleanvehicleswhyweneedcleanvehiclesairpollutionandtransportation  texas am transportation institute. .  urban mobility report. retrieved from httpsmobility.tamu.eduumsreport  national highway traffic safety administration. .  motor vehicle crash data. retrieved from httpswww.nhtsa.govresearchdatamotorvehiclecrashdata  bureau of transportation statistics. .  national household travel survey. retrieved from httpswww.bts.govsitesbts.dot.govfilesdocs_national_household_travel_survey_.pdf