there are many different opinions on whether children should be taught to compete or cooperate. some people believe that it is important for children to learn how to compete in order to be successful in life. others think that it is more important for children to learn how to cooperate in order to get along with others. i believe that children should be taught to cooperate because it is important for them to have positive relationships with others. one reason why children should be taught to cooperate is because it is necessary for them to get along with others. in order to have a successful career, it is important to be able to work well with others. cooperation is also necessary for children to have positive relationships with their friends and family. if children learn how to cooperate at a young age, they will be more likely to have positive relationships with others throughout their life. another reason why children should be taught to cooperate is because it can help them in school. when children are able to cooperate with their classmates, they can often work together to complete tasks more efficiently. this can be helpful in classes where teamwork is required, such as science or math. cooperation can also help children to better understand complex concepts. when children are able to work together, they can share their ideas and come up with solutions that are better than if they were working alone. finally, i believe that children should be taught to cooperate because it can help them to become better leaders. in order to be a good leader, it is important to be able to work with others. cooperation allows leaders to understand the viewpoints of others and to come up with compromises that everyone can agree on. leaders who are able to cooperate with others are often more successful than those who are not. in conclusion, i believe that children should be taught to cooperate because it is important for them to have positive relationships with others. cooperation can help children in school and it can also help them to become better leaders.