hey, you know that face they found on mars, the one that looks like it has eyes, nose, and a mouth? yeah, some people think its like a sign that aliens made it or somethin. but thats just dumb. i mean, come on, its just a rock, you know? its not like its actually a face or anything. first of all, let me just say that the face on mars is just a natural landform. its not like it was made by anyone, let alone aliens. i mean, think about it, if aliens were gonna make a face, wouldnt they make it like, perfect, you know? with like, actual eyes and a mouth and stuff? not just some vague facelike shape that could be anything. also, the article said that the face is just a couple of miles across. thats like, super small compared to the rest of mars, you know? its not like its some huge, giant face thats just staring at us or anything. its just a little bump on the ground that happens to look kinda like a face if you squint at it just right. plus, the article said that the face is made outta rock and sand. thats like, totally natural, you know? its not like its made outta some special, like, alien material or anything. its just regular old rock and sand that got eroded and stuff over time. and get this, the article said that the face is actually just a bunch of tiny hills and valleys. thats it, its not even a flat face or anything. its just a bunch of little bumps and dips in the ground that happen to form a facelike shape. thats not some super advanced alien technology, thats just nature, dude. so yeah, im gonna have to go with, the face on mars is just a natural landform. its not some alien sign or anything, its just a rock that happens to look kinda like a face. dont get me wrong, its still cool and all, but its not like, some super mysterious alien thing or anything. anyway, thats my argument. i think its pretty strong, but what do you think, dude? do you still think its aliens? or can you see how its just a natural landform now? im pretty convinced, but im open to like, other ideas, you know? just dont try to tell me its aliens, thats just silly.