the modern world is becoming ever more dependent on innovation and new ideas. in todays globalized society, new technologies are constantly being developed, new products are released on the market, and new services are being offered. this everchanging landscape is exciting, with new and interesting ideas being presented at an almost dizzying pace. however, while it is easy to welcome innovation and accept new ideas, a great many people struggle to accept the way these new ideas are put into practice. to begin with, people are often resistant to change and may struggle to accept new ideas that they are unfamiliar with. this is especially true when the new idea brings with it a radical departure from the status quo. for instance, the introduction of selfdriving vehicles may be welcomed and accepted in theory, but actually seeing such vehicles on the road may cause people to become apprehensive and resistant to the idea. similarly, though new medicines and treatments may be welcomed, people may be hesitant to try them out, preferring to stick with the established methods that they are used to. furthermore, it can be difficult to accept the way new ideas are put into practice when these ideas challenge an individuals values or beliefs. this is especially true when the ideas are seen as controversial. for example, a person may accept the idea of legalizing samesex marriage, but may still struggle to accept it if the idea clashes with their religious or cultural beliefs. similarly, a person may accept the idea of renewable energy, but if their values are rooted in traditional methods of energy production, then they may struggle to accept the practical implementation of renewable energy sources. finally, people may also struggle to accept the way new ideas are put into practice when they feel that the practical implementation of the idea is not in line with their expectations. for example, a person may accept the idea of an automated checkout system in a grocery store, but may still feel disappointed if the system turns out to be too slow or unreliable. similarly, a person may be excited by the idea of a new restaurant opening up in their neighborhood, but may become frustrated if the restaurant turns out to be of poor quality. in conclusion, while it is easy to welcome innovation and accept new ideas, many people struggle to accept the way these new ideas are put into practice. this is because people are often resistant to change, new ideas may challenge their values or beliefs, and practical implementations of new ideas may not meet their expectations.