in todays world, it is widely accepted that family members should tell a cancer patient the truth about their diagnosis. however, in some cultures, such as chinese culture, it is still common practice to withhold this information from the patient. while i understand the rationale behind this traditional practice, i believe that itshould be changed in order to keep up with the development of modernization. the traditional practice of not telling a cancer patient the truth is rooted in the belief that it is better for the patient to remain ignorant of their diagnosis. this is based on the idea that if the patient does not know the truth, they will not suffer from the emotional distress that comes with the knowledge of their diagnosis. furthermore, it is believed that this ignorance will also help the patient to focus on the treatment and recovery process. while these beliefs are understandable, i believe that the traditional practice should be changed in order to keep up with the development of modernization. in todays world, it is widely accepted that patients should be informed of their diagnosis in order to make informed decisions about their treatment. furthermore, it is important for the patient to be aware of their diagnosis in order to prepare for the emotional and psychological impact of the disease. in addition, withholding the truth from the patient can lead to a lack of trust between the patient and their family members. this can lead to feelings of resentment and anger, which can further complicate the patients emotional state. furthermore, it can also lead to a lack of communication between the patient and their family members, which can make it difficult for the family to provide the necessary support and care for the patient. in conclusion, while i understand the rationale behind the traditional practice of not telling a cancer patient the truth, i believe that itshould be changed in order to keep up with the development of modernization. informing the patient of their diagnosis is important in order to make informed decisions about their treatment, as well as to prepare for the emotional and psychological impact of the disease. furthermore, withholding the truth from the patient can lead to a lack of trust and communication between the patient and their family members.