in todays rapidly changing world, education is more important than ever. to keep up with the latest trends and developments in their respective fields, colleges and universities need to place a greater emphasis on the relevance of the courses they offer. one way to ensure this is to require all faculty members to spend some time working outside the academic world in professions relevant to the courses they teach. while some may argue that this would be an unnecessary burden on faculty members and would not necessarily lead to better teaching outcomes, my view is that it is a necessary step that will ultimately benefit both faculty and students. one of the main reasons why this is necessary is that it will help faculty members to stay uptodate with the latest developments in their respective fields. by working in a relevant profession outside of academia, they will gain a better understanding of the practical applications of the theories and concepts they teach in the classroom. this will provide them with fresh insights and perspectives that they can then bring back to their teaching, making it more relevant and engaging for their students. another reason why this is necessary is that it will help faculty members to develop stronger relationships with industry professionals. as they work alongside professionals in their field, they will be able to network and build relationships that can benefit both themselves and their students. they will be able to bring in guest speakers, arrange field trips, and connect their students with internships and job opportunities. this will help to bridge the gap between academia and the real world, making it easier for students to transition from the classroom to the workforce. of course, there are some who may argue that this would be an unnecessary burden on faculty members. they may argue that teaching is already a fulltime job and that requiring faculty members to work outside of academia would be too demanding. however, i believe that this argument overlooks the fact that many faculty members already have relevant work experience outside of academia. for example, a professor of finance may have worked as a financial analyst before becoming a professor. requiring them to spend some time working in their field will not necessarily be a burden, but rather an opportunity to build on their existing experience. in conclusion, i strongly believe that colleges and universities should require all faculty members to spend some time working outside of academia in professions relevant to the courses they teach. this will help them to stay uptodate with the latest developments in their fields, develop stronger relationships with industry professionals, and make their teaching more relevant and engaging for their students. while some may argue that this would be an unnecessary burden on faculty members, i believe that it is a necessary step that will ultimately benefit both faculty and students.