i agree that many important truths begin as outrageous, or at least uncomfortable, attacks upon the accepted wisdom of the time. to illustrate this, one need only look at the history of science, which is full of examples of revolutionary ideas that initially met with fierce opposition. take, for example, the case of galileo galilei. galileo was one of the first astronomers to use a telescope to observe the night sky. his observations revealed that the earth was not the center of the universe, as was widely believed at the time, but that the planets revolved around the sun instead. his ideas were considered so outrageous and heretical by the religious authorities of his day that he was brought before the inquisition and was forced to recant his views, under threat of torture. the case of charles darwin is another example of a truth that was initially considered outrageous and uncomfortable. darwins theory of evolution proposed that all species, including humans, had evolved by natural selection over millions of years, rather than being created by god as was widely believed in the th century. his ideas were seen as blasphemous by many religious authorities of the time, and he was met with vehement opposition from a range of sources. in both of these cases, the accepted wisdom was challenged by new ideas that were initially seen as outrageous and uncomfortable, but which are now widely accepted and powerful truths. more recently, the work of jeanpaul sartre and michel foucault provides further examples of truths that were initially seen as outrageous and uncomfortable. sartres existentialist philosophy challenged the idea of fixed human nature and argued that individuals had the power to choose their own destiny. similarly, foucaults theories of power and knowledge argued that power is dispersed throughout society in complex and subtle ways, rather than concentrated in the hands of a few. both of these ideas were seen as challenging and uncomfortable when they were first introduced, but they now form the foundation of much modern thinking on the nature of power and freedom. in conclusion, it is clear that important truths often begin as outrageous, or at least uncomfortable, attacks upon the accepted wisdom of the time. this is demonstrated by a number of historical examples, from the work of galileo and darwin to the theories of sartre and foucault, which have all changed the way we think about the world.