the world is changing rapidly and with it, the way we get around. in twenty years, it is likely that the number of cars in use will be lower than it is today. this is due to a number of factors, such as the rise of electric vehicles, the emergence of ridesharing services, and the development of autonomous vehicles. electric vehicles are becoming increasingly popular as the technology continues to improve. as the cost of electric vehicles continues to drop, more and more people are likely to switch from gaspowered cars to electric ones. this will have a significant impact on the number of cars in use in twenty years, as electric vehicles are much more efficient than traditional cars. additionally, electric vehicles are much better for the environment, as they produce fewer emissions than gaspowered cars. this could lead to governments incentivizing the purchase of electric vehicles, further driving down the number of cars in use. ridesharing services, such as uber and lyft, are becoming increasingly popular as well. these services allow people to get around without having to own a car. as these services become more widely available, it is likely that fewer people will opt to purchase a car. this could lead to a decrease in the number of cars in use in twenty years, as people will be able to get around without having to own a car. finally, autonomous vehicles are likely to become more widespread in the next twenty years. autonomous vehicles are vehicles that can drive themselves without the need for a human driver. this technology is still in its early stages, but it is likely to become more advanced in the coming years. as autonomous vehicles become more widespread, it is likely that fewer people will opt to purchase a car, as they will be able to get around without having to drive. in conclusion, it is likely that the number of cars in use in twenty years will be lower than it is today. this is due to the rise of electric vehicles, the emergence of ridesharing services, and the development of autonomous vehicles. as these technologies become more advanced, it is likely that fewer people will opt to purchase a car, leading to a decrease in the number of cars in use.