the question of whether successful leaders must be highly competitive or cooperative has been widely debated. while some argue that successful leadership requires a competitive spirit, others suggest that the best leaders are those who are willing and able to cooperate with others. in my opinion, successful leaders in government, industry, or other fields must possess both competitive and cooperative qualities in order to be successful. to begin, having a competitive spirit is important for leaders in any field. competition can be a powerful motivator, pushing people to strive for excellence. for example, if a leader has a competitive attitude and is driven to succeed, their team is more likely to match their level of enthusiasm and effort. this competitive spirit can be seen in successful business executives such as bill gates and steve jobs. gates was a ruthless competitor who pushed his company to the top of the computer industry. jobs, on the other hand, was a perfectionist who wanted the best for his products and was willing to go to great lengths to achieve it. the competitive spirit of these two executives drove their companies to the top and made them some of the most successful in the world. at the same time, it is also important for successful leaders to be willing and able to cooperate with others. cooperation is essential in many fields and can be a powerful tool in achieving success. in government, for example, successful leaders must be able to work with other politicians and constituents in order to achieve their goals. similarly, in the business world, leaders must be able to cooperate with others in order to achieve success. companies such as apple and google have been able to achieve success because their leaders were willing and able to cooperate with others. in addition, cooperation can help leaders to build relationships with others and create a sense of trust and respect. in conclusion, i believe that both competitive and cooperative qualities are necessary for successful leadership. competition is important for motivating people and pushing them to succeed, while cooperation is essential for building relationships and achieving success. while some may argue that one quality is more important than the other, i believe that it is impossible to be a successful leader without both.