first impressions are often crucial in forming relationships and opinions we make snap judgements, believing that our initial thoughts about new acquaintances are accurate, as if our minds were solely made up shortly after meeting someone. however, throughout the course of a relationship, these first impressions can and usually do change over time. take for instance my experience with my former neighbor. when i first moved to the area, i had no clue who lived in the house next to me. several weeks later, i finally mustered up the courage to introduce myself, and to my surprise, my neighbor was not the snobby person i had labeled her as from afar. come to find out, she was a kind, outgoing woman and we quickly became friends. i was so taken aback by the difference in my preconceived notions that i began to ponder the power of first impressions. likewise, we often have wonderful experiences from second chances, such as when we return to a restaurant, after having a bad time the first. in the case of the aforementioned restaurant, the second time around, the waiter was a lot friendlier, the food was much tastier, and the ambiance was a lot more pleasant. this serves as a reminder that  while its important to go into a situation with an open mind  its not always wise to judge a book by its cover. the idea of first impressions can be beneficial in the sense that it gives us the opportunity of keeping an open mind regarding people and places. for instance, i would have never connected with my neighbor had i stayed within the confines of my own presumptions regarding her. furthermore, my secondtime visit to the restaurant provided me with a great night out, and i now consider it one of my favorite spots. overall, our initial thoughts of new acquaintances, places, and experiences are important. however, they dont always tell the entire story, and thus its important to remember that first impressions can and do change over time, offering us the chance to benefit from second chances.