fashion can be a great way to express your unique sense of style, but it also has its drawbacks. each year, millions of pounds worth of clothing is wasted due to changing trends and overproduction by the fashion industry. fastfashion in particular encourages a culture of disposability and wastefulness that takes away from the sustainable practices that are needed in order for our planet to survive as well as keeping money in peoples pockets. the first step towards making fashion more sustainable lies with consumers. consumers have power when it comes to their purchasing habits if they choose items that are made out out longlasting materials such as cotton or linen then this will reduce the amount of textile waste created each year. additionally, shopping secondhand or vintage clothes provides an opportunity for recycling clothing whilst still getting creative with fashion choices  something which is becoming increasingly popular amongst younger generations who have become aware about some fastfashion companies unethical working conditions and environmental records. in addition to individual efforts, brands must take responsibility too transparent production processes allow customers know exactly where their cloths come from so they can make informed decisions on whether they want those products associated with their wardrobe  people dont want poorly paid workers behind the scenes! secondly, moving away from single season collections drastically reduces overproduction which would otherwise end up being dumped into landfills each month without fail. lastly, research needs to be conducted into how fabrics can be manufactured using renewable energy sources such as solar rather than traditional methods reliant on fossil fuels  this could potentially revolutionise how we produce clothes altogether!. . making changes within the fashion industry requires collective action both at a consumer level and brand level however these steps outlined above provide us with small starting points that could eventually lead onto larger scale change down the line . although it is hard for individuals alone to bring about big changes like this , by taking our own personal actions now we are laying important foundations for future generations so that one day sustainable practices may