i agree that many advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. advertisements have become an integral part of our lives, and companies use them to make products look more appealing than they actually are in order to convince consumers to purchase them. one way that companies make products seem better than they really are is by using persuasive language. advertisements often contain words and phrases that are designed to evoke an emotional response from the viewer and make them more likely to purchase the product. for example, a company selling a new type of toothpaste might use phrases like brighter, whiter teeth or the perfect smile to make the product seem more desirable. however, these claims are often exaggerated and do not accurately reflect the actual performance of the product. another way that companies make products seem better than they really are is by using attractive models and celebrities to promote them. companies often hire attractive models and celebrities to endorse their products and make them appear more desirable. however, these endorsements are often misleading, as the models and celebrities often do not actually use the product themselves. furthermore, the images used in advertisements are often airbrushed and manipulated to make the product appear better than it actually is. finally, many companies make products seem better than they really are by using deceptive pricing tactics. companies often advertise products at low prices in order to entice consumers to purchase them. however, once the consumer has made the purchase, they often find that the product is not as good as they were led to believe. additionally, the company may add hidden fees or additional costs that were not mentioned in the advertisement. in conclusion, i agree that many advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. companies use persuasive language, attractive models and celebrities, and deceptive pricing tactics to make their products appear more desirable than they actually are. as a result, consumers should be wary of advertisements and do their research before making a purchase.