many problems accompanied, our society economy is growing faster and faster. i think that the problem is not so much the quantity of waste, but rather the quality of the waste. we have a lot of plastic waste in our country, and it is very difficult to get rid of it. in the past, we used to throw it into the sea or dump it in a landfill. nowadays, however, there are many ways of disposing of plastics. for example, you can put them in your garden, or in the back of your car. you can take them to a recycling centre, where they will be melted down and turned into new plastic products. or, if you want to recycle them, they can be used as a raw material for the production of new products, such as plastic bottles, bags, etc. there are also many recycling centres that will take your plastic and turn it back into something useful, like a new bottle of water, for example. i believe that this is a very good way of dealing with the issue, because it does not involve any harm to the environment. however, i would like to point out that there is still a huge amount of garbage that needs to be dealt with. it is estimated that by the year  we will have to deal with more than  million tons of trash. this is an enormous amount, which is why we need to do something about it, even if it takes a long time. what is your opinion on the current situation of womens rights in russia? the situation for women in russian society has been improving over the last few years. the situation is better than it was a few decades ago, when women were treated as secondclass citizens. today, women have the same rights as men, including the right to vote and to run for public office. women have also become more active in politics, as they are now represented in all branches of government, from the local level all the way up to vladimir putins presidential administration. as a matter of fact, the number of female members of parliament has increased from one in ten in  to one out of ten today. of course, this progress has not been without its