the debate over whether famous people should be given more privacy or not has been a longstanding one. on one hand, some people argue that famous people should be given more privacy since they are humans too and should not be subjected to constant scrutiny. on the other hand, some people argue that this is the price of fame and that famous people should be prepared to accept it. in my opinion, i believe that famous people should be given more privacy, and i will explain why in this essay. first of all, famous people are still humans and should be treated as such. they should not be subjected to constant scrutiny and criticism from the media. they should be allowed to live their lives without having to worry about being judged and criticized for every move they make. this is especially important for young celebrities, as they are still developing and should not be subjected to the harsh criticism that comes with fame. secondly, famous people should be allowed to have some privacy in order to protect their mental health. the media can be very harsh and can have a negative effect on a persons mental health. constant criticism and scrutiny can lead to anxiety, depression, and other mental health issues. it is important to give famous people the space they need to protect their mental health. finally, famous people should be given more privacy in order to protect their personal lives. they should be allowed to keep their personal lives private and not have to worry about the media invading their privacy. this is especially important for celebrities with families, as they should be able to protect their familys privacy and not have to worry about the media intruding into their lives. in conclusion, i believe that famous people should be given more privacy. they are still humans and should be treated as such, and they should not be subjected to constant scrutiny and criticism from the media. furthermore, it is important to protect their mental health and their personal lives. therefore, i believe that famous people should be given more privacy.