the journey of becoming an entrepreneur. when most people hear the word entrepreneur, they think of someone who has achieved a certain kind of successsomeone with money, influence, and great ideas. but while this may be true in some cases, becoming an entrepreneur is much more than that. it is a long journey filled with both personal and professional growth. to become an entrepreneur takes dedication, hard work, and lots of trialanderror learning along the way. there are many different paths to becoming an entrepreneur but regardless of where you start from or what industry you enter into there will always be common steps that must be taken such as coming up with a business plan and finding funding for your venture. first things firstyou need to determine what type of business you want to launch are you interested in providing services? or do you want to produce products? this question can help inform the rest of your pursuit towards entrepreneurship as everything else follows from it. . once you have determined the type of business that best fits your entrepreneurial aspirations then comes researching potential markets or customers who would benefit from your product or service offering understanding any legal requirements involved in launching a successful enterprise budgeting for equipment needs creating promotional materials like logos, websites etc. establishing connections within networks related to your chosen field building relationships with suppliersvendorsinvestors etc. making sure all employees if applicable understand their roles within company operations etc. all these facets combined make up just some elements required during this partaking process on ones journey into becoming an entrepreneur  all things considered its not easy but there are certainly resources out there which offer guidance such as online classesforums which can help make parts easier by taking off stress associated with startup tasks through providing support so dont shy away asking questions!. . . . . . . . . . . . . once those