the world is changing at an unprecedented pace, and the automobile industry is no exception. with the rise of ridesharing services and the increasing popularity of public transportation, many people believe that there will be fewer cars in use in the future. in my opinion, this is a highly probable scenario, and i will explain why in the following essay. firstly, the cost of owning a car is becoming increasingly prohibitive. not only do vehicles require a significant upfront investment, but they also come with ongoing expenses such as insurance, maintenance, and fuel costs. as such, many people are turning to alternative modes of transportation that are more costeffective, such as bicycles or public transit. moreover, the rise of ridesharing services like uber and lyft has made it possible for people to get around without owning a car, further reducing the need for personal vehicles. secondly, the environmental impact of cars is becoming more apparent. with climate change becoming an ever more pressing issue, many people are looking for ways to reduce their carbon footprint. cars are one of the biggest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions, and as such, many people are opting for more ecofriendly modes of transportation. electric cars are becoming more popular, but they still require significant investment and infrastructure to become a viable option for most people. in the meantime, public transportation, cycling, and walking are all much more environmentally friendly than driving a car. finally, the rise of autonomous vehicles is likely to change the way we think about cars entirely. as selfdriving cars become more common, it is possible that people will no longer need to own their own vehicles. instead, they could simply summon a car whenever they need one, and the car would drive itself to their location. this would eliminate the need for parking spaces and reduce the number of cars on the road, as autonomous vehicles could be shared between multiple users. in conclusion, i believe that there will be fewer cars in use in the future. the cost of owning a car is becoming increasingly prohibitive, the environmental impact of cars is becoming more apparent, and the rise of autonomous vehicles is likely to change the way we think about transportation entirely. while cars will always have a place in our society, it is clear that they will no longer be the primary mode of transportation for many people.