the debate surrounding online learning has grown in recent years with a variety of countries and schools considering it a viable educational option. however, there are some countries and schools which do not allow online learning and it is important to understand the consequences students face as a result. technological capabilities in some of these countries may be limited which could be a contributing factor, however, it is important to note that online learning is not a viable option for all students no matter the technological capabilities of the countries in which they reside. the benefits of online learning compared to traditional, inperson schooling are no doubt significant. online learning grants students much greater flexibility and allows them to engage in educational pursuits from the comfort of their own home. additionally, online learning is often less costly than traditional inperson schooling since there are no geographic boundaries and students have access to a much larger variety of courses. however, online learning does come with its fair share of disadvantages. students in traditional schooling benefit greatly from the social interaction with their peers, something which is not easily replicated in an online environment despite the advances in technology. furthermore, the technological equipment required for an optimal online learning experience is often quite expensive. additionally, some students may not take the online education seriously and be less likely to put in the appropriate effort needed for success. finally, it is important to note that online learning can have many positive outcomes for those who are unable to attend school due to illness or other extenuating circumstances. these individuals can still take part in educational pursuits from the convenience of their own home. it is clear that online learning offers a variety of benefits, both for those who are able to take part in traditional schooling, as well as those who are unable to due to special circumstances.