as technology becomes more and more advanced, its easy to forget about the simpler times before smartphones and ipads. taking a trip down memory lane back to childhood can be an enjoyable experience that brings forth feelings of nostalgia. while some may remember the days spent playing with friends or watching saturday morning cartoons, i will always look fondly upon my time spent crafting with legos. legos are timeless toys that have been around since   though theyve certainly evolved throughout the years! as a child, i loved spending hours creating all sorts of elaborate creations from lego blocks. my imagination was truly limitless one minute i could be building a spaceship for han solo and chewie to fly in, while another moment would find me attempting to construct an exact replica of my house from lego pieces. no matter what project i was tackling at any given time, there was something special about bringing these ideas into reality using nothing but colorful plastic blocks and my own two hands. the beauty of legos lies not only in their ability to allow creativity flourish but also in their educational value as well! when constructing models with lego bricks, children learn valuable lessons such as following directions stepbystep or understanding spatial relationships between objects. additionally, legos provide excellent opportunities for problem solving practice by requiring kids to figure out various methods on how they will make their design come alive if they dont have all the right pieces available at hand!. though technology has allowed our imaginations soar through virtual worlds like never before possible thanks to modern video games ,there is no substitute for taking a break away from screens every once in awhile and engaging creatively with old fashioned physical toys like legos instead . crafting together builds out of simple plastic blocks offers its own unique brand of joy  one which many adults often overlook today due its relevance amongst younger generations . in this sense , its important that we take some time each day appreciate those moments when we were able craft endless possibilities out off