having a positive attitude has been long seen to be a contributing factor in achieving success. numerous examples abound that demonstrate how individuals have used their optimism and determination to triumph over difficult situations and accomplish their goals. for instance, vera wang began her career as an editor at vogue, with dreams of designing her own clothing line. despite the rejections she received, with determination, she landed a job with ralph lauren, where she learned the business of design. eventually, she was able to achieve her dream of launching her own line of luxury clothing that women of all shapes and sizes had access to. this meant challenging the conventional thinking of the industry ref . david letterman has been an example of the positive power that comes from becoming a selfmade success. from his early efforts working on radio in early s, lettermans positive attitude carried him to a long and illustrious career spanning five decades in television as a talk show host and producer. mr. letterman attributed his success to the desire, energy and luck, along with a hell of a good attitude ref . oprah winfrey is another example of success driven by a positive attitude. in her early years, she overcome poverty, sexual abuse and societal obstacles to become a national television star. later, as the face of the media brand own, ms. winfrey used her platform to showcase inspirational stories, teach life lessons and empower her viewers ref . in all these examples, it was their positive attitude that allowed them to succeed despite daunting obstacles. with diligence and flexibility, these individuals developed a cando spirit that attracted people to support them and their dreams. references . the story behind vera wangs big fashion break  may . luxuryfashionadvisor.com. httpswww.luxuryfashionadvisor.combrandspotlightverawang . david letterman on comedy, success,  life  may . the philosophy of everything. httpswww.thephilosophyofeverything.comdavidletterman . oprah winfreys mindset  may . succedent.com. httpswww.succedent.commindsetoprahwinfrey