in todays world, we have become a society that is heavily dependent on convenience and disposability. from plastic bags to singleuse containers, we have developed a habit of throwing things away without much thought. while this lifestyle may seem convenient, it is also causing significant harm to our environment. in my opinion, i completely agree that we have developed into a throwaway society as we are filling up our environment with so many plastic bags and rubbish that we cannot fully dispose of. one of the major reasons for this phenomenon is the rise of consumerism. we are constantly bombarded with advertisements that encourage us to buy more and more products. we are told that we need the latest gadgets, the newest clothes, and the trendiest accessories. as a result, we end up buying more than we need, and we dispose of things quickly to make room for the new. another reason why we have become a throwaway society is the lack of awareness about the impact of our actions on the environment. many people do not realize the consequences of their actions, such as the pollution caused by plastic bags and the harm caused to wildlife by littering. if we were more aware of the impact of our actions, we would be more likely to take steps to reduce our waste. furthermore, our society has become increasingly reliant on convenience. we want things to be easy and quick, and we dont want to put in the effort required to recycle or properly dispose of our waste. this has led to a culture of disposability, where we use things once and then throw them away without a second thought. in conclusion, i strongly believe that we have developed into a throwaway society as we are filling up our environment with so many plastic bags and rubbish that we cannot fully dispose of. however, it is not too late to change our ways. by becoming more aware of the impact of our actions, reducing our consumption, and taking steps to properly dispose of our waste, we can work towards a more sustainable future. we need to take responsibility for our actions and make a conscious effort to reduce our waste and protect our environment.