dear senator, i am writing to express my view that the electoral college system should be kept for electing the president of the united states. while changing to a popular vote seems appealing in some ways, i believe the electoral college protects the interests of smaller states and encourages candidates to build broader coalitions. one argument made for switching to a popular vote is that it would make the process more democratic, as the candidate with the most nationwide votes would win. however, without the electoral college system, presidential candidates may only campaign and focus their policies in a few highly populated areas. this could leave many states and regions feeling ignored. as some scholars note, the current system encourages candidates to build broader bases of support across many states. it is also important to consider the views of smaller states. some scholars argue that without the electoral college giving them extra representation, candidates might rarely if ever visit smaller states. this could diminish the influence of these states in presidential elections. additionally, states have sovereignty as equal members of the united states, and any change that reduces their voice in national elections may face opposition. of course, some view the electoral college as undemocratic when a candidate can lose the nationwide popular vote but still win the electoral college. however, others counter that the united states system of government is one of representative federalism, not a direct democracy. our founders created the electoral college with the intention of having states play a role, not just individual citizens. in conclusion, while changing to a popular vote seems simple and straightforward, the complex issues surrounding representation of all states and encouraging broad coalitions cannot be ignored. i believe the electoral college, for all its imperfections, is preferable to a system that could diminish the influence of smaller states. for this reason, i ask that you support keeping our current electoral college system for electing the president. thank you for your consideration. please let me know if you have any other questions. sincerely, your name