in recent years, a debate around whether or not students should be required to take a class in the arts has arisen. on the one hand, it is understandable why the arts should be mandatory subjects in all schools  the arts provide enriching opportunities for creativity and personal expression, and can even be beneficial to enhance academic performance in other areas. on the other hand, every person has different capabilities and interests, and should be given the option to choose their own classes. it is important that the opportunity is given for students to find their own passions, and that is best encouraged by having the arts as electives. classes in the arts should remain electives, as not all students have an aptitude in the arts, and forcing them to take these classes could lead to a negative experience. electives allow students to find the subjects that are bestsuited to their abilities and interests, while still having the opportunity to take courses in the arts if they so choose. consider for instance, students who are far more motivated by sports or academics and would be much better served immersing in the areas where their strengths lie, than to force them to partake in an area where they have little to no enthusiasm or aptitude. furthermore, allowing arts as electives leave more room for those who take a genuine interest in the arts to develop their skills and participate in enriching classes. students who are truly passionate about the arts should be recognized and have the opportunity to grow their skills in a comfortable learning environment. elective classes also provide more access to the arts and expand offerings for those who want to pursue it. ultimately, classes in the arts should remain electives, as having the arts as electives allows students of varying capabilities and interests find their passions, and provides an enriching environment for those with genuine interests in the arts to pursue their skills. in this way, students intellectual, creative and personal growth can be furthered and encouraged.