the cost of a college education is one of the most important expenses a student can incur. college graduates, in general, earn substantially more than those who do not have a college degree. this is in part due to the fact that college graduates are more likely to hold prestigious jobs, and are generally paid more than those who do not have a college degree. however, college graduates should not have to pay the entire cost of their education. they should be able to rely on financial aid to help cover at least a portion of the cost of their education. furthermore, college graduates should be responsible for paying back their loans, if they are able to do so. this is in line with the idea that those who have earned their degrees should be responsible for their own education costs. there are many reasons why college graduates should be responsible for paying back their loans. first, it is important to remember that college is a longterm investment. college graduates should expect to earn a substantial salary after they have paid off their loans. therefore, they should be prepared to make a substantial financial commitment to their education. second, college graduates should be prepared to repay their loans for a number of reasons. first, it is important to remember that a college degree is a valuable investment. college graduates who have paid back their loans have generally seen their incomes increase over time. second, it is important to remember that a college degree is a valuable asset. college graduates who have paid back their loans have generally been able to secure more lucrative jobs. finally, college graduates should be prepared to repay their loans because it is the responsible thing to do. college graduates who have paid back their loans have generally been able to maintain good credit ratings. in short, paying back your loans is generally a good idea, regardless of your financial situation. in conclusion, college graduates should be responsible for paying back their loans. they should be prepared to make a substantial financial commitment to their education, and they should be prepared to repay their loans for a number of reasons.