i wholeheartedly agree with this statement. the number of cars on the road is decreasing rapidly, and in twenty years there will be significantly fewer cars in use. the reasons for this are many and varied, but some of the most important reasons are the increasing popularity of alternative transportation methods such as bicycles and public transportation, the advancement of technology that makes cars more environmentally friendly, and the increasing cost of car ownership. one of the most significant reasons for the decrease in the number of cars on the road is the increasing popularity of alternative transportation methods. for example, in the s there were only about  of americans who used bicycles for transportation, but by the s that number had increased to about . this increase in the use of bicycles is due in part to the fact that bicycles are relatively easy to use and are not as expensive as cars. additionally, public transportation is becoming increasingly popular, and this is due in part to the fact that it is cheaper than buying a car and it is more environmentally friendly. another reason for the decrease in the number of cars on the road is the advancement of technology. for example, cars now have airbags and other safety features that make them much more dangerous than they were in the past. additionally, cars now have cameras and other sensors that allow them to be connected to the internet and other devices. this allows cars to be controlled by remote devices, which is a major factor in the increase in the use of public transportation. another reason for the decrease in the number of cars on the road is the increasing cost of car ownership. for example, the cost of a new car has increased more than  times since , and the cost of a used car has also increased significantly. this increase in the cost of car ownership has led to the decrease in the number of car sales, and in turn has led to the decrease in the number of cars on the road. all of these reasons  the increasing popularity of alternative transportation methods, the advancement of technology, the increasing cost of car ownership, and the decrease in the number of car sales  are contributing factors to the decrease in the number of cars on the road. together, they are making it increasingly difficult for the number of cars on the road to stay the same or increase. i wholeheartedly agree with this statement, and believe that in twenty years there will be significantly fewer cars in use.