public figures such as actors, politicians, and athletes should certainly expect people to be interested in their private lives, as they seek a public role. such figures choose to enter the public sphere and willingly assume the responsibility of their positions, and it is reasonable to accept that they will lose some of their privacy as a result. when actors and celebrities enter the public sphere, they open themselves up to increased scrutiny into their personal lives. they should expect that the public will be interested in some details of their private lives, such as their relationships and marriages, and details of their lives that may have some relevance to their professional life. for example, when a celebrity actor is cast in a new film, their personal life may be scrutinized for any controversy that may have an impact on the films success. similarly, when a professional athlete is on the verge of a big contract, their personal life may come into the spotlight. likewise, politicians should expect people to be interested in their personal lives. when politicians run for public office, they often make promises to the public and may even express their personal opinions. as such, people may become more interested in their private lives as well, as they seek to assess whether or not such politicians are suitable for office. for example, if a politician is running on a platform of morality and family values, the public may tend to be more interested in their personal life, in order to ascertain if they live up to those values. overall, while it is reasonable to expect public figures to lose some of their privacy, they should still be afforded some measure of privacy. people should be able to differentiate between a private persons personal life and a public figures professional life. they should not be expected to know the details of a celebritys private life, for example, simply because they are a public figure. similarly, politicians should not have to answer questions about their personal life, unless it has some relevance to their professional lives. in conclusion, when people such as actors, politicians, and athletes choose to enter the public sphere, they should expect people to be interested in their private lives. however, it is important to note that they should still be afforded some measure of privacy and that people should differentiate between their personal lives and their professional lives.