many people think that nowdays work is more stressful and less leisurely than in the past. do you agree or disagree? i agree with this statement. i think work has become more and more difficult. it is not easy to find a job, and it is even harder to get a good job. there is a lot of competition for jobs, so you have to be very good at what you do. if you are not, you will be out of work very quickly. in the old days, if you wanted to work in a factory you had to have a college degree. nowadays you need a high school diploma or a ged. you also need to know how to read and write. the job market is so competitive that people are willing to take any job they can get, even if its a lowpaying job that doesnt pay very well. people are always looking for a way to make more money, but they dont know what to do with all the money they are making. they want to spend it on things that they think will make them happy, like a new car, a big house, or an expensive vacation. but what they really want is for their money to buy them more time to relax and spend time with their families and friends. so they spend all of their time working and they never have time for themselves or their loved ones. this is what i call workaholism. i believe that this is one of the main reasons why so many people today are stressed out and unhappy. work is no longer a fun and relaxing activity, it has turned into a very demanding and stressful one. what do you think is the most important factor that determines the quality of a persons life? what would you like to see change in our society in order to improve peoples lives? how can we make our lives more enjoyable? i would like people to realize that there are many things in life that are beyond our control. for example, we cant control the weather. we can only control how we react to it and what we do when we are in it. when it comes to our own lives, there is only one thing that can be changed our attitude towards ourselves and towards others. everyone has the right to live a happy and fulfilling life, no matter what his or her circumstances are. however,