there is a lot of truth to the african proverb that if you educate a boy, you educate an individual if you educate a girl, you educate a family and a nation. girls who are educated are more likely to marry later, have fewer children, and be more involved in their childrens education. all of these factors lead to healthier, more prosperous families and nations. one of the most important things that education does is delay marriage and childbearing. in many parts of africa, girls as young as  or  are married off to much older men. this is often done in exchange for a dowry, which can be a financial burden on the girls family. if the girl is educated, she is more likely to delay marriage until she is older and more likely to be able to negotiate for a better dowry. she is also more likely to be able to stand up to her husband and inlaws if they try to force her into an early marriage. having fewer children is another important benefit of educating girls. women who are educated are more likely to use contraception and to have smaller families. this is important because it leads to healthier mothers and children and frees up resources that can be used to invest in each child. it also leads to more stable families, as there are fewer mouths to feed and fewer children to care for. finally, educating girls leads to more involved mothers. women who are educated are more likely to be involved in their childrens education, both in terms of helping with homework and in terms of attending school meetings and events. they are also more likely to instill a love of learning in their children. all of these factors lead to better educational outcomes for children, which in turn leads to a more prosperous nation. in conclusion, there is a lot of truth to the african proverb that if you educate a boy, you educate an individual if you educate a girl, you educate a family and a nation. girls who are educated are more likely to delay marriage and childbearing, have fewer children, and be more involved in their childrens education. all of these factors lead to healthier, more prosperous families and nations.