nowadays, electronic dictionaries edictionaries have been increasingly popular among students. however, teachers think that the overuse of edictionaries might have more disadvantages than advantages for english learning. for example, like the use of calculator affecting the skill of calculating, reliance on edictionaries may lead to the deteriorating of our spelling ability. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of roughly  words. the overuse of electronic dictionaries might have more disadvantages than advantages for english learning. the first disadvantage is that it might lead to the deteriorating of our spelling ability. when we look up every word we dont know how to spell in the dictionary, we will never learn how to spell them correctly. for example, if we always look up the word embarrassment in the dictionary, we will never remember how to spell it correctly. the second disadvantage is that it might make us lazy. if we always look up words in the dictionary, we will never try to guess the meaning of the words from the context. for example, if we come across a new word procrastinate in a text, and we look it up in the dictionary, we will never try to guess the meaning of the word from the context. the third disadvantage is that it might make us rely on dictionaries too much. if we always look up words in the dictionary, we will never try to guess the meaning of the words from the context. for example, if we come across a new word procrastinate in a text, and we look it up in the dictionary, we will never try to guess the meaning of the word from the context. there are also some advantages of using electronic dictionaries. the first advantage is that it can help us learn new words. if we come across a new word procrastinate in a text, and we look it up in the dictionary, we will learn the meaning of the word. the second advantage is that it can help us check the spelling of the words. if we are not sure about the spelling of a word, we can look it up in the dictionary. the third advantage is that it can help us find the meaning of the words quickly. if we come across a new word procrastinate in a text, and we look it up in the dictionary, we can find the meaning of the word quickly. overall, i think the disadvantages of using electronic dictionaries outweigh the advantages.