most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. i agree with this statement for a few reasons. first, many advertisements use photoshop or other editing techniques to make the products look better than they actually are. second, advertisers often use celebrities or other attractive people to make the products look more appealing. finally, advertisers use persuasive language and emotional appeals to make products seem more appealing than they actually are. one reason that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are is that they often use photoshop or other editing techniques to make the products look better than they actually are. for example, a clothing company might use photoshop to make their clothes look more flattering on the models than they actually are. or, a cosmetics company might use photoshop to make their products look more effective than they actually are. this is misleading to consumers because they are not seeing the true product. another reason that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are is that they often use celebrities or other attractive people to make the products look more appealing. for example, a clothing company might use a famous actress to advertise their clothes. the actress might look amazing in the clothes, but the average person might not look as good. this is misleading to consumers because they think that they will look as good as the celebrity if they buy the product, when in reality they probably wont. finally, advertisers use persuasive language and emotional appeals to make products seem more appealing than they actually are. for example, an advertiser might use persuasive language to make a product seem like it is a musthave. or, an advertiser might use an emotional appeal to make a product seem more appealing, such as by showing a person using the product and looking happy. this is misleading to consumers because they are not seeing the true product. in conclusion, i believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. this is because they often use photoshop or other editing techniques to make the products look better than they actually are. they also often use celebrities or other attractive people to make the products look more appealing. finally, they use persuasive language and emotional appeals to make products seem more appealing than they actually are.