i generally agree with this statement. many advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. one reason is that advertisers often use exaggerated or unrealistic claims to make their products seem more appealing. for example, a product might be advertised as being able to cure cancer, but in reality, it may only be able to help reduce the symptoms of the disease. another reason why advertisements make products seem better than they are is because many products are not actually tested before they are released to the public. this means that some products may contain harmful ingredients or may not work as advertised. some specific examples of advertisements that make products seem better than they are include the following . advertisements for weight loss products often make claims such as fat burning pills that work or diet plans that work. however, many of these products do not actually work as advertised. in fact, some of them can be very dangerous. . advertisements for supplements often make exaggerated claims about the benefits of these products. for example, one advertisement for a weight loss supplement claims that it can help you lose up to  pounds in just one week. however, studies have shown that most supplements do not work as advertised and are not actually effective at helping people lose weight. . advertisements for beauty products often make exaggerated claims about the results that can be achieved using these products. for example, one advertisement for a beauty product claims that it can make your skin look  years younger. however, studies have shown that most beauty products do not actually work as advertised and are not actually effective at improving the appearance of skin. . advertisements for cars often make exaggerated claims about the performance and features of these vehicles. for example, one advertisement for a car claims that it can go from  to  mph in just  seconds. however, studies have shown that most cars do not actually perform as advertised and can take longer than  seconds to reach  mph. in general, advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. this is because many products are not actually tested before they are released to the public, and many of the claims made about these products are exaggerated or unrealistic.