the internet has become an integral part of our lives, and technology has been a great boon to us. it has enabled us to communicate more easily and has allowed us to access vast amounts of knowledge. it has made our lives easier and more efficient. however, one cannot deny that along with the advantages of technology, there are also drawbacks. the use of technology has made us more dependent on it and has created a huge amount of waste. for example, the production of computerrelated products and the electricity used to power them has caused a great deal of pollution and the overuse of resources. we have become slaves to technology and this has had a damaging effect on our environment and our quality of life. secondly, technology has led to an increase in the amount of time people spend on the internet, leading to a decrease in physical activity. we no longer have to go outside to interact with people, so we tend to spend more time in front of a computer or smartphone than in real life. this can lead to physical and mental health issues, such as obesity, depression and anxiety. in addition, technology has created a sense of disconnection and isolation. people are too focused on their devices, often ignoring their family, friends, and their environment. this can lead to a feeling of loneliness and low selfesteem. furthermore, technology has made us more vulnerable to cybercrime. with so much of our personal data online, it is very easy for criminals to access it. we are also exposed to a large amount of information, some of which could be false and misleading, leading to further confusion and misunderstanding. finally, technology has created a great deal of stress in our lives. we are constantly bombarded with notifications, emails, and messages, and this can be overwhelming. also, with the introduction of artificial intelligence, machines are now taking over many of the tasks that humans used to do, leading to job losses and unemployment. in conclusion, technology has undoubtedly made our lives more convenient. however, it has also created more problems than it has solved and has had a negative impact on our quality of life. we need to learn how to use technology responsibly and not let it become a problem.