title the advantages of limiting car usage a global perspective as our world becomes increasingly urbanized, the story of our relationship with cars is changing. from the carfree german suburb of vauban to policies curtailing car use in paris during smogfilled days, and even a day without cars in bogota, there are clear benefits to limiting car usage. firstly, eliminating cars from our daily lives can have profound effects on our environment. it is common knowledge that cars contribute a significant amount to greenhouse gas emissions. as rosenthal states in in german suburb, life goes on without cars, passenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and even up to  in some carintensive areas in the united states . a move away from cars can help mitigate the environmental damage caused by these emissions. further, reducing car use can encourage healthier, more active lifestyles. one of the benefits of the carfree suburb of vauban is the quiet streets where pedestrians and cyclists are king . by making roads more hospitable to nonmotorized travelers, we can create healthier communities that encourage walking and bicycling over sitting in cars. moreover, limiting car usage also spurs the growth of more sustainable public transportation systems. in vauban, a tram system serves as an alternative to cars and promotes a sense of community . affordable and wellfunctioning public transit is instrumental in reducing car usage and mitigating associated negative impacts. additionally, limiting car usage can also lead to reductions in congestion and air pollution. in the article paris bans driving due to smog, author robert duffer outlines how a temporary driving ban in paris resulted in congestion down by  . for dense, urban cities, limited car usage could make travel easier and more efficient for everyone. furthermore, cities globally are revamping their infrastructures to support and even embrace the carless phenomenon. as noted in another of rosenthals articles, the end of car culture, companies like ford and mercedes are transforming themselves into mobility companies instead of car makers, reflecting the shifting cultural trend away from car dependence . in conclusion, strategies to limit car usage are increasingly becoming substantial components of urban planning. the benefits of such changes, which include environmental protection, healthier lifestyles, enhancement of community vitality, reduction of congestion, and pollution control, are too significant to ignore. the global shift towards limited car use could mark a critical turning point towards a more sustainable, healthier future.