drivers should not use cell phones while operating a vehicle the use of cell phones while driving has become very common in todays society. however, it presents major safety risks and should be prohibited. talking or texting on a phone takes a drivers attention away from the road, which can have deadly consequences. some people believe that handsfree use is acceptable since the driver isnt holding a phone. however, studies show this isnt true. whether holding a phone or not, any phone conversation uses valuable brain power that should be focused on driving. talking on the phone, even handsfree, reduces the amount of brain activity devoted to operating the vehicle by up to . this decreases a drivers awareness of their surroundings and ability to respond quickly to dangers. distracted driving due to cell phone use is one of the leading causes of car accidents today. the national highway traffic safety administration estimates that at any given moment across america, over , vehicles are being driven by someone using a handheld phone. this greatly increases the risk of an accident. texting is especially dangerous as it requires drivers to take their eyes off the road for prolonged periods. but even just talking on the phone or being engaged in a conversation causes sufficient distraction to impair driving. for the safety of all road users, cell phone bans while driving make sense. numerous studies confirm that drivers using a cell phone are four times more likely to be involved in a car crash. with so much traffic on the roads each day, even a momentary lapse in attention or judgment can have devastating consequences. the lives and wellbeing of everyone on the road should not be put at risk due to a nonessential activity like phoning or texting behind the wheel. in conclusion, cell phones degrade a drivers ability to focus fully on the complex task of operating a vehicle. for this reason, cell phone use of any kind should be prohibited while driving in order to improve road safety. lives are at stake, so a complete ban is sensible and justified. drivers who feel they must use a phone can pull over to do so safely rather than endangering others.