drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle in todays world, cell phones have become an integral part of many peoples daily lives. however, using a cell phone while driving a vehicle can be extremely dangerous and pose serious risks. there are a few key reasons why drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any way when operating a car. first and foremost, using a cell phone is a significant distraction from the primary task of driving. whether a driver is talking, texting, or browsing the internet, their attention is diverted from what is happening on the road in front of them. this can cause a driver to take their eyes off the road for prolonged periods of time. even briefly glancing at a phone screen or responding to a notification takes focus away from important traffic and road conditions. distracted driving in this way slows reaction times and can easily contribute to accidents. furthermore, the risks of cell phone use are supported by data. studies have found that driving while using a cell phone makes a driver four times more likely to be involved in a crash. reacting to notifications, answering calls, and sending messages all increase the chances of an incident significantly. the dangers of texting while driving are especially evident, as it requires drivers to take their eyes completely off the road. even handsfree use of phones distracts the brain in a way that impairs driving ability. finally, cell phone use may also negatively impact other drivers on the road who are not distracted themselves. other motorists and pedestrians should not have to face increased safety risks due to a lapse in focus from a driver preoccupied by their phone. distracted driving does not only jeopardize the car and passengers, but puts countless lives at risk each time a cell phone is used behind the wheel. in conclusion, cell phones provide many useful functions but their capacities should not extend to vehicle operation. the dangerous distraction they cause outweighs any perceived necessity of usage while driving. strict bans on all cell phone handling are reasonable to improve roadway safety and help protect all travelers. for these compelling reasons, drivers should abstain from cell phones entirely when in control of a moving vehicle.