the impact of technology on our daily lives can be seen all around us. nowadays, it seems as though technology is everywhere and in everything that we do. from the smart phone in our pocket to the computers used to complete tasks for work or school, it is clear that technology has become an integral part of everyday life. but what does this mean for us? how does technology affect our daytoday activities?. technology impacts almost every aspect of our lives from small tasks such as communicating with friends via social media or shopping online, to larger ones like managing your bank account or conducting research on the internet. technology advances have made many tasks easier and more efficient  no longer do we need to look up information in books or encyclopedias now we just search google! we can shop a variety of stores without leaving home converse with people across oceans using video chat services and watch live events happening anywhere around the world right from our computer screens. not only has technology changed how we interact with others but also how society functions overall. for example, businesses are able to operate more efficiently than ever before due to advancements in software and hardware solutions which allow them streamline processes, manage their finances better and even get real time data about customer behaviour enabling them make quick decisions based off their findings. similarly healthcare practices have benefited greatly from technological developments such as telemedicine where patients can receive diagnoses remotely saving both time and money for hospitals as well doctors alike who would otherwise spend hours travelling between offices and appointments with patients located at different locations throughout the city . . but while there are undeniably benefits when it comes to modern technologies usage , drawbacks exist too . increasingly levels of digital distraction means that individuals may struggle breaking away from devices  thus leading less time spent doing other activities such as exercising , reading , playing board games etc meaning potential health problems down line due lack physical activity . additionally issues cyberbullying have become much worse since introduction