it is often said that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities. while there is some truth to this statement, i disagree with it overall. in fact, i believe that young people are more involved in helping their communities than ever before. to begin with, young people are more likely to volunteer and take part in community service activities than in the past. this is due to the fact that many schools now require students to complete a certain number of hours of community service in order to graduate. this requirement encourages young people to get involved in their communities and to give back. for example, many high school students volunteer at local food banks, homeless shelters, and other charitable organizations. additionally, many college students participate in service trips to help those in need in other countries. furthermore, young people are more likely to be politically active than in the past. this is due to the fact that many young people are passionate about social justice and are eager to make a difference in their communities. for instance, young people are often at the forefront of movements such as the black lives matter movement and the climate change movement. they are also more likely to vote in elections and to get involved in local politics. finally, young people are more likely to use technology to help their communities than in the past. for example, many young people use social media to raise awareness about important issues and to encourage others to get involved in their communities. additionally, many young people use crowdfunding platforms to raise money for causes that they are passionate about. in conclusion, i believe that young people are more involved in helping their communities than ever before. they are more likely to volunteer and take part in community service activities, to be politically active, and to use technology to help their communities. therefore, i disagree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities.