drivers should not use cell phones while operating a vehicle the use of cell phones by drivers has become very common in todays world. however, it presents a major danger and distraction when used while operating a motor vehicle. there are several key reasons why drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any capacity when driving. safety should be the top priority while driving. when a driver is on a cell phone, whether talking or texting, their attention is divided between controlling the vehicle and their phone. this greatly increases the risks of an accident. several studies have shown that driving while using a cell phone reduces the drivers attention level and increases reaction time similar to if not more than drinking and driving. even handsfree cell phones require the drivers cognitive attention and can divert their focus away from the road. driving is a complex task that requires full focus on ones surroundings. glancing away from the road for even a few seconds, such as to check a text or make a call, endangers not only the driver but also other motorists, cyclists and pedestrians sharing the road. a lapse in attention or delayed reaction time could lead to catastrophic accidents. for this reason, many developed countries and some states have already instituted bans on cell phone use while driving that go beyond just texting. allowing unrestricted cell phone use also sends a mixed message to the public, especially young and new drivers. if cell phones are permitted, it subconsciously reduces the perception of risk among drivers. this can foster reckless cell phone habits behind the wheel over time. strong laws banning all cell phone activities except emergencies while driving are needed to change social norms and protect lives on our roadways. in conclusion, the dangers of distracted driving from cell phone use have been clearly demonstrated. drivers require their full and active attention to safely operate a vehicle. for the safety of all road users, cell phone use while driving should be prohibited through laws and policies. safety must come before any nonessential cell phone activities when in control of a motor vehicle.