drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while driving in todays society, cell phones have become an integral part of everyday life for most people. however, operating a vehicle requires a drivers full attention and using a cell phone can seriously distract from safely controlling the car. for this reason, drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any way when driving. there are several dangers of using a phone while driving. talking or texting on the phone takes the drivers eyes off the road for prolonged periods. this means they are not fully aware of their surroundings and what is happening with other vehicles. even handsfree calling requires focusing mental attention on the conversation instead of on driving. distracted driving in this way has been shown to reduce reaction times as much as having a blood alcohol concentration over the legal driving limit. cell phone use also increases the likelihood of accidents. statistics show that drivers who use phones are four times more likely to be involved in a crash serious enough to injure themselves or others. as vehicles travel at high speeds, even brief distractions can have dangerous consequences if something unexpected happens on the road. requiring both hands and eyes on the wheel is necessary for full control of the car. some argue that they can multitask and drive safely while using a phone. however, the risks of distractions are simply too high compared to alternatives like listening to voicemails later or assigning calls to go to voicemail until reaching a destination. the safest approach is a total handsoff policy for any phone functions besides emergency use. overall road safety should take priority over nonemergency phone conversations or messages. in conclusion, allowing any type of cell phone use while driving compromises road safety and puts all motorists at risk. a complete ban is justified given the clear dangers and statistics concerning phonerelated crashes. for the welfare of everyone on the road, drivers should keep both hands on the wheel and eyes on the road instead of a phone screen or call. cell phones should not be used in any way when operating a vehicle.