the term throwaway society is used to describe a society that is characterized by excessive consumption and wastefulness. it is true that our environment is being filled up with plastic bags and other rubbish that is difficult to dispose of, and this is a cause for concern. however, i do not agree that we have become a throwaway society. first of all, it is important to note that the amount of waste produced by individuals has actually decreased in recent years. according to a report by the environmental protection agency, the amount of waste generated per person in the united states has decreased by almost  since . this is due to increased recycling efforts and the use of more efficient packaging materials. furthermore, many cities and towns have implemented waste management programs that have helped to reduce the amount of waste that is sent to landfills. in addition, it is important to recognize that the majority of the waste that is produced is not actually thrown away. much of it is recycled or reused in some way. for example, many plastic bags are recycled into new products such as clothing, furniture, and even building materials. furthermore, many items that are considered to be waste can actually be reused or repurposed. for example, old furniture can be donated to charity or sold at a secondhand store. finally, it is important to note that there are many efforts being made to reduce the amount of waste that is produced. many companies are now using more sustainable packaging materials, such as paper and cardboard, which are easier to recycle. furthermore, many cities and towns are implementing waste management programs that encourage people to reduce, reuse, and recycle. in conclusion, i do not believe that we have become a throwaway society. while it is true that our environment is being filled up with plastic bags and other rubbish, there are many efforts being made to reduce the amount of waste that is produced. furthermore, much of the waste that is produced is actually recycled or reused in some way. therefore, i believe that we are making progress in reducing our environmental impact.