there is no single answer to this question as it depends on the individual and what they feel comfortable doing. some people feel more comfortable sticking to what they know and are successful at, while others enjoy trying new things and taking risks. for those who enjoy trying new things, it can be seen as a way to learn and grow as a person. by taking risks and stepping out of their comfort zone, they are able to learn more about themselves and what they are capable of. this can be seen in various aspects of life, such as in their professional and personal lives. for example, someone who is trying to start their own business may take risks by investing money into a new venture, even if they are not sure if it will be successful. this can be a scary prospect, but it can also lead to great rewards if the business is successful. alternatively, someone who is looking for a new job may apply for positions that are outside of their experience level, but that they are interested in. this can be a risk, as they may not be qualified for the job, but it can also lead to a great opportunity if they are hired. taking risks can also be a way to push oneself to achieve more. by doing things that are challenging, it can help to motivate someone to work harder and to be more successful. this can be seen in people who are always looking for new challenges and who are always trying to improve themselves. while trying new things and taking risks can be a great way to learn and grow, it is not for everyone. some people feel more comfortable sticking to what they know and are successful at. this can be seen in people who have a lot of experience in a particular field and who do not want to take the risk of trying something new. for example, someone who has been a teacher for many years may not want to take the risk of becoming a teacher at a new school, as they may not know what the new school is like and they may not be successful. instead, they may choose to stay at their current school, where they are comfortable and know what to expect. in conclusion, there is no right or wrong answer to this question. it depends on the individual and what they feel comfortable doing. some people enjoy trying new things and taking risks, while others prefer to stick to what they know.