distance learning has become increasingly popular over the years as a way for students to continue their education in a variety of settings. it offers many advantages, such as providing access to students in special cases, better attendance, and less schoolrelated issues. however, it is said that distance learning can also lead to an environment in which students become lazy, miss out on important social interaction, and lack accountability. on one hand, distance learning enables access to those with special needs, who may not have the opportunity to attend traditional educational institutions. it also provides them with an environment of convenience since they do not have to physically attend the classes in order to learn, and the accessibility of technology means they have access to content whether they are in the classroom or learning from home. distance learning also allows an improved capability of attendance, since no transport is required, and this can help to better facilitate learning for some students. finally, distance learning eliminates issues that can arise from a school environment, such as bullying, peer pressure or issuerelated distractions. on the other hand, there are many disadvantages related to distance learning. for example, due to the lack of a physical environment there is the potential for less involvement from the students. this can lead to them feeling lazier, or less likely to put in the effort of attending class and performing well in their studies. furthermore, distance learning also leads to a lack of social interaction, as students are unable to engage in real conversations with their peers or interact with their teachers in a way that would be done if they were in a regular class. additionally, there is less accountability in distance learning, as students may not feel the same level of pressure to deliver as they would if they were attending a physical class. ultimately, there are both pros and cons to distance learning. although there is an advantage for those with special needs, it can also lead to an environment in which students may become lazy, lack social interaction, and experience a decreased level of accountability. educators should consider the pros and cons of distance learning carefully before implementing it in their educational institutions.