generic_name had always been an independent learner who rarely consulted others for advice. so when faced with a big decision  like deciding on a college  generic_name typically hopped online, performed their own research, and then made a decision without ever seeking the counsel of anyone else. however, this often lead to decisions that werent the best for generic_name in the long run. when generic_name moved to a new city, there were a lot of considerations that one person alone couldnt have anticipated. generic_name began to recognize the value of seeking multiple opinions in order to make better decisions that would bring lasting success. one of the primary benefits of seeking multiple opinions is being able to receive different perspectives from other people. external advice can provide guidance that was not previously considered. people with different experiences often offer solutions that couldnt have been achieved by an individual. for instance, when generic_name decided to start a business, they were able to get advice from an individual who had successfully started their own business ten years prior. this person shared their insights and experiences on the best business model to use, and it ultimately saved a great deal of time and money for generic_name. seeking multiple opinions also gives one more than one option to choose from. instead of blindly accepting a single option, generic_name found more solutions when they decided to turn to their family and friends. when generic_name was deciding on a major in college, they received advice from their parents, siblings, and classmates. this resulted in generic_name having more options to evaluate and make an informed decision about the major that was best for their future. additionally, seeking multiple opinions can help you solve problems that seemed unsolvable. when generic_name wanted to find a new job, they started to ask colleagues and peers for leverage and advice. this resulted in generic_name being able to network in greater depth and ultimately uncover a better job opportunity than initially expected. in conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices. it provides people with more than one option and exposes them to different perspectives. moreover, it can help you solve problems that seemed unsolvable. generic_name found all of this to be true through personal experience. as such, they decided to be more openminded and consult those around them before making decisions that will have a high impact on their life.