it is often said that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities. while this may be true in some cases, i disagree with this statement. in fact, i believe that young people are more engaged in their communities than ever before. first of all, young people are more educated than ever before and this has led to an increased awareness of social issues. as a result, many young people are actively involved in their communities, volunteering their time to help those in need. for example, many young people are involved in charities and nonprofit organizations that focus on providing aid to those in need. additionally, many young people are involved in political activism, advocating for social justice and change. furthermore, young people are increasingly using technology to help their communities. for instance, many young people are using social media to raise awareness of social issues and to rally support for causes they believe in. additionally, many young people are using technology to create innovative solutions to social problems. for example, many young people are using technology to create apps and websites that help people in their communities access resources and services. finally, young people are increasingly using their skills and talents to help their communities. for example, many young people are using their artistic talents to create art that raises awareness of social issues or to create art that can be sold to raise money for charities. additionally, many young people are using their technical skills to create websites and apps that can be used to help people in their communities. in conclusion, i disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities. in fact, i believe that young people are more engaged in their communities than ever before. they are more educated and aware of social issues, they are using technology to create innovative solutions to social problems, and they are using their skills and talents to help their communities.