i agree that the goal of politics should not be the pursuit of an ideal, but rather the search for common ground and reasonable consensus. political ideals, no matter how noble, can rarely be fully realized, and pursuing them can often lead to further divisions and conflict. this can be seen in the history of the united states, where idealistic visions of a perfect democracy have been met with bitter divisions and acrimony. the idea of the pursuit of an ideal is often used to refer to the pursuit of an abstract idea or concept, one that may not be achievable in the real world. for example, it may refer to an idealized version of democracy, one that is completely equitable and just, or a utopian vision of a world without poverty or suffering. while these are noble and admirable goals, the reality is that such ideals can rarely be fully realized in practice. in contrast, the goal of common ground and reasonable consensus is far more achievable and practical. this involves engaging in dialogue with other political actors and finding areas of agreement. it involves compromise and negotiation, and is far more likely to lead to meaningful change than the pursuit of an ideal. one of the most successful examples of a search for common ground and reasonable consensus is the series of political reforms that took place in the united states in the late th and early th centuries. this period, known as the progressive era, saw the federal government take bold steps to address a multitude of social, economic, and political issues. while the reformers had different visions of what the ideal society should look like, they were able to come together to pass legislation that addressed their shared concerns. the result was a period of substantial change that brought about major improvements in areas such as labor regulations, public education, public health, and scientific research. in todays world, we are still facing political, social, and economic issues that require bold solutions. however, we can only address these issues if we are able to come together and find common ground. the pursuit of an ideal may seem appealing, but it is far less likely to lead to meaningful change than the search for common ground and reasonable consensus.