the history of the penny is one of americas most storied and beloved topics. the first united states penny was released in , during the time when american coins were still being designed by private citizens. since that time, many different versions of the penny have been issued and circulated throughout the country for more than two centuries. the original design featured lady liberty facing left with a pole on her left arm holding a liberty cap and an olive branch in her right hand, which symbolized peace and prosperity at the time. this version remained unchanged until  when it was replaced with a bust of president andrew jackson. after this change, other variations came into existence over several decades such as commemorative issues honoring abraham lincoln or ulysses s grant to celebrate important events in us history. in  however, something truly special happened the lincoln cent was introduced by victor d brenner as part of thenpresident theodore roosevelts initiative to modernize u.s coinage designs this new version featured a portrait of our th president along with his name inscribed along its rim  an iconic feature which has endured ever since! as technology advanced further into the th century so too did changes made to pennies from  they produced memorial reverse designs featuring national monuments like yellowstone national park or mount rushmore before transitioning back to just one single design featuring lincoln again in   marking  years since his initial introduction on these coins!. today millions upon millions of expendable cents are minted every year at locations around our nation representing both past  present generations alike  according them all lasting recognition through their physical currency exchange system! even though their face value is small compared to some other denominations out there, you could say that each individual penny carries much more weight within our collective conscience due its rich  timeless story  proving just how far even these little pieces can go towards inspiring pride today and well into tomorrow!