there are many reasons why people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities. some people believe that the world is too complex and too dangerous for them to be involved in social movements and activism, while others feel that they are not ready for change or are not interested in following the latest trends. i believe that there are a number of reasons why people do not give enough time to helping their communities. first, people today are busy with their own lives. they are working, going to school, and living their lives the way they want to. they are not always able to dedicate enough time to helping their communities. second, people are not comfortable or able to commit themselves to a movement or activism. they may feel like they do not have the skills or knowledge to be successful, or they may feel like they are not interested in being a part of a movement or activism. third, some people do not believe in the power of community activism. they may feel that it is not their place or that they do not have the skills or knowledge to be successful. finally, some people do not believe in the importance of community activism. they may feel that they do not have the time or the resources to be successful. i believe that there are a number of reasons why people do not give enough time to helping their communities. i think that it is important to be more active and dedicated to our communities. i think that it is important to be more involved in our communities and to help our communities become stronger. i think that it is important to be more passionate about our communities and to feel like we are making a difference. i think that it is important to be more open to new ideas and to be willing to try new things. i think that it is important to be more supportive of our communities and to help them become stronger. i think that it is important to be more active and dedicate ourselves to our communities. i think that community activism is important and i believe that it is important to give more time to it.