the internet has revolutionized the world in many ways, but one of its most profound effects is how it has changed how we access and share information. this essay will discuss how the internet has impacted academic research, specifically focusing on digital libraries. digital libraries are collections of electronic resources that can be accessed over the web or via other computer networks. they provide a wealth of information and often contain documents, images, videos, audio recordings, databases, software programs and other materials related to specific subjects such as history or science. digital librarians use sophisticated search algorithms to identify relevant material from within these vast repositories for users seeking knowledge on a particular topic. the introduction of digital libraries into academia has had both positive and negative impacts on students ability to carry out research effectively. on one hand they allow individuals to access an almost limitless amount of resources with just a few clicks this makes it much easier for them to find what theyre looking for compared with having to visit physical library archives which might not even have all the necessary sources available anyway. however some scholars argue that since digital libraries offer so much choice up front it can actually lead researchers down rabbit holes where their attention gets diverted away from their main focus and pulled towards less important topics instead  an issue known as information overload. . it is therefore important for students using online resources for academic study that they develop good research habits in order to make sure their time spent searching is productive rather than counterproductive  something which was more easily achieved when physical books were used due primarily to limitations imposed by lack of space in conventional bookstores or limited availability at local library branches notwithstanding any budget restraints. for example although keywords are great starting points when you want find out about a certain topic quickly if you take too long zeroing in on only those particular words then you could miss valuable insights hidden away elsewhere within the same document! achieving balance between browsing broadly while also honing your targeted