introduction hey there! i came across your post on social media where you mentioned that the face on mars is proof of alien existence. as a scientist at nasa, id like to respectfully disagree with you and explain why i believe the face is just a natural landform. body firstly, lets look at the size of the face. the article mentions that its about a mile wide and a mile long. thats huge! but, its also important to note that the face is not a perfect rectangle or circle. its an irregular shape, which is consistent with natural landforms. if aliens were to create a face, wouldnt they want it to be perfectly symmetrical and, you know, actually look like a face? secondly, the article talks about the geology of the face. its made up of a combination of lava flows, sand, and rocks. thats right, rocks! the article even mentions that the eyes of the face are actually two small craters. thats not very alienlike, if you ask me. it sounds like a natural process to me. furthermore, the article mentions that the face is not a unique feature on mars. there are many other similar formations on the planet, created by the same geological processes. so, its not like the face is this oneofakind, anomalous feature that can only be explained by aliens. lastly, lets talk about the history of the face. the article says that it was first observed in the s and has been studied extensively since then. if it were truly an alien creation, dont you think we would have seen some signs of activity or technology around it by now? like, maybe some alien trash or a martian selfie stick? conclusion in conclusion, while the face on mars is definitely an interesting feature, its not proof of alien existence. the size, geology, and history of the face all point to it being a natural landform. as a scientist, i believe in relying on evidence and reason to explain phenomena, and the evidence just doesnt support the idea that the face was created by aliens. thanks for listening to my argument, and i hope you can see why i believe the face is just a natural part of the martian landscape!