when discussing progress and the steps that need to be taken to achieve it, it is important to recognize that people will have differing points of view. it is only by engaging in a dialogue of contrasting perspectives that meaningful progress can be made. in this essay, i will discuss why the discussion of contrasting points of view is necessary for progress and provide examples to illustrate my point. to begin, it is important to note that progress is a complex concept. it involves understanding the underlying problem, considering different solutions, and finding a way to bring those solutions into reality. in order to understand the problem and arrive at the best solution, it is necessary to consider various points of view. only by taking into account the perspectives of different people can a comprehensive understanding of the issue can be formed. for example, lets say a community is looking for ways to reduce crime in their area. if the only people consulted are the police force, it is likely that the solutions they propose will be ones that are focused on increasing enforcement and surveillance. however, if people with different perspectives are included in the discussion, such as community members and social workers, they may be able to provide insight into the underlying causes of crime and better solutions to address them. as a result, the police may be able to work with the community to develop programs that are better tailored to the needs of the area, rather than just relying on harsher punishments and surveillance. in addition, it is also important to consider different points of view in order to build consensus and secure the support necessary to implement solutions. if the discussion is only between people who share the same perspective, it is likely that their solutions will be met with resistance from others who do not share the same point of view. this will make it difficult to move forward with the implementation of the proposed solutions. on the other hand, if different points of view are taken into account, it will be much easier to build consensus and garner the necessary support for the proposed solutions. for example, if a school district is looking to implement a new curriculum, it is important to consider different perspectives on the issue. if only the teachers are consulted, they may come up with a curriculum that is tailored to their own interests. however, if the students and parents are also included in the discussion, they may be able to provide valuable input on what works best for them and what their needs are. this will make it much easier to develop a curriculum that will be supported by all stakeholders and accepted by the community. in conclusion, it is clear that progress requires discussion among people who have contrasting points of view. by taking into account different perspectives, it is possible to gain a better understanding of the problem, develop more effective solutions, and build consensus to implement those solutions. therefore, it is important to recognize the value of dialogue among people with different points of view in order to make meaningful progress.