whether or not traveling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel depends on the traveler. some people might prefer this type of travel because it can be more organized and because the traveler does not have to do as much planning. other people might prefer to travel independently because they can go at their own pace and plan their own itinerary. one reason why some people might prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide is because it can be more organized. the tour guide will take care of making sure the group stays together and on schedule. the guide will also know about all of the best places to go and things to see. this can be helpful for travelers who do not want to have to do a lot of research before their trip. another reason why some people might prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide is because the traveler does not have to do as much planning. the guide will take care of making sure the group has a place to stay and that they are getting to all of the places they want to see. this can be helpful for travelers who want to relax and not worry about the details of their trip. however, there are also some reasons why someone might prefer to travel independently. one reason is that the traveler can go at their own pace. they can spend as much or as little time as they want at each destination. they can also change their plans if they want to do something different. this can be helpful for travelers who want to be able to spontaneously change their plans. another reason why someone might prefer to travel independently is because they can plan their own itinerary. they can choose which places to go and what to see. this can be helpful for travelers who want to tailor their trip to their own interests. in conclusion, whether or not traveling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel depends on the traveler. some people might prefer this type of travel because it can be more organized and because the traveler does not have to do as much planning. other people might prefer to travel independently because they can go at their own pace and plan their own itinerary.