fashion is an everevolving concept that has been around for centuries. even though styles may come and go, fashion remains relevant to this day. as we progress through the st century, new trends and styles continue to emerge in exciting ways. nowhere is this more evident than in the world of streetwear. streetwear is a unique style of clothing made popular by skateboarders, hip hop artists, and other youth cultures. its characterized by oversized tops with large logos or graphics printed on them, baggy pants or shorts worn below the waistline, colorful sneakers like air jordans or converse allstars, fitted hats such as baseball caps turned backward known as snapbacks, and gold chains or layered necklaces typically worn around ones neck to complete the look. this type of clothing can be found everywhere from malls to online stores worldwide it has become so widespread that many mainstream brands have begun incorporating elements of streetwear into their own designs  a trend known as street couture. in recent years there has been a major resurgence of interest in streetwear culture due in part to popular television shows such as mtvs my super sweet sixteen which featured young people dressing up in clothes reminiscent of early s era hip hop fashion trends  think pharrell williams infamous hat! other celebrities including kanye west who was also heavily influenced by streetwear during his music career have contributed greatly towards making streetwear chic once again amongst todays generation  after all he did design his own line called yeezy season !. the influence doesnt stop there either  international icons like rihanna are now regularly seen wearing items inspired by skaters and graffiti writers alike collaborating with top names including nike  puma for collaborative capsule collections featuring bold colors  statement pieces often inspired by her caribbean roots!. this newfound global appreciation for streetwear speaks volumes about its relevance  timelessness within modern culture