there is no easy answer when it comes to whether or not college graduates should pay the full cost of their study. on one hand, it is right that they earn higher salaries than those who have less education. on the other hand, many people argue that the cost of college education has become so high that students should not have to bear the full burden. there are a few points to consider when trying to come to a conclusion. the first is that college graduates do, in fact, earn higher salaries than those without a college education. a recent study by the pew research center found that the median wage for college graduates is almost twice that of those with only a high school diploma. this is because those with a college degree are more likely to have the skills and knowledge needed to compete in todays economy. another point to consider is the cost of college education. the average cost of tuition and fees for the  school year was , at private colleges, , for state residents at public colleges, and , for outofstate residents at public colleges. this is a significant amount of money, and it is becoming increasingly difficult for students to afford. so, what should college graduates do? i believe they should pay the full cost of their education, with a few exceptions. first, students should be given scholarships and grants based on need. second, students should be allowed to borrow money at a reasonable interest rate. and finally, students should be required to pay back their loans once they graduate and start earning a salary. by requiring college graduates to pay the full cost of their education, we are sending a message that education is important and that those who have itshould be rewarded. we are also ensuring that students are taking their education seriously and are not simply borrowing money to party and have a good time. finally, by requiring students to pay back their loans, we are ensuring that they will be able to afford a mortgage or a car once they graduate.