introduction young people today are often seen as technologyobsessed and socially isolated, leading some to claim that they do not give enough time to helping their communities. in my opinion, this premise is misguided. paragraph  young people today are just as likely to be engaged in volunteer and community service activities as their older counterparts. in fact, the statistics show that young people are more likely to volunteer than people between the ages of  and . a recent survey by the corporation for national and community service found that . percent of americans between the ages of  and  reported volunteering in the past year, compared to . percent of those between the ages of  and . furthermore, young people are more likely to engage in social mediabased advocacy, such as signing online petitions and sharing causes on social networks, in order to raise awareness of issues that are important to them. paragraph  it is true that young people are often seen as techsavvy and socially isolated, but this does not mean that they are not engaged in community service. on the contrary, young people are often more likely to be involved in activities that benefit their local communities than their older counterparts. for example, young people are particularly active in studentled initiatives, such as organizing food drives and donating to local charities. such activities not only benefit the community, but they also provide invaluable leadership opportunities for young people. paragraph  in addition, young people are often the first to respond to local disasters or other crises. after hurricane harvey hit the coast of texas in , for instance, thousands of young people volunteered their time and energy to help the victims of the disaster. similarly, in the wake of the mass shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school in , young people organized nationwide marches and rallies to advocate for stricter gun laws. such examples show that young people are willing to take action to help their communities, even in the face of tragedy. conclusion to conclude, young people today are just as likely to be involved in community service activities as their older counterparts. in fact, young people often show a greater commitment to community service, particularly in times of crisis. therefore, it is clear that young people are just as engaged in helping their communities as any other age group.