the internet has had both positive and negative impacts on the world. with its countless opportunities for communication, education, entertainment, and more, it is hard to argue against its potential benefit. however, there are some issues that have arisen due to the heavy reliance on technology in everyday life. one such area of concern is cyberbullying among teenagers. cyberbullying involves using technologybased platforms  primarily social media  as a vehicle for harassment or maliciousness towards others online. it can take many forms including posting embarrassing pictures or videos of someone sending threatening texts or emails spreading false rumors through blogs or forums creating fake accounts with which to attack another person and even trolling comments on posts made by someone else online. as these activities are often anonymous in nature, it can be difficult to determine who the perpetrator may be but their effects can often be devastating for victims of bullyingparticularly teenagers already struggling with identity formation during adolescence. given how easy communicating via social media can be compared to traditional facetoface conversations, teens may not realize the impact of their words when engaging in this form of bullying behavior until its too late  leaving them feeling isolated from their peers and dealing with long term psychological damage such as depression and low self esteem as a result . in order to combat cyberbullying among adolescents then , it is important for parents , teachers , counselors , administrators , and students alike to become educated about recognizing signs that bullying might be taking place . preventative measures like regularly monitoring teens phone activity  if applicable   installing parental controls on devices  networks  teaching kids about  digital citizenship   encouraging open communication between parentcaregiver  child  reporting any suspicious behaviour immediately  providing access to professional counseling services where necessary  all go a long way toward helping protect vulnerable young people from becoming victims themselves . though preventing cyberbullying among teens will always require varying strategies depending upon age group