in the past few decades, the world has seen a significant increase in the number of cars on the road. however, with the rise of environmental concerns, technological advancements, and changing attitudes towards transportation, it is likely that there will be fewer cars in use in the next twenty years. in this essay, i will argue that i agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. one of the primary reasons for this is the increasing awareness of environmental issues caused by the use of cars. with the world becoming more conscious of the impact of climate change, people are starting to realize that cars are one of the major contributors to greenhouse gas emissions. as a result, governments and individuals are taking steps to reduce their use of cars. for instance, many cities are implementing policies that encourage the use of public transportation, cycling, and walking. additionally, more and more people are choosing to buy electric cars, which are much more environmentally friendly than traditional gasolinepowered cars. another reason for the decrease in the number of cars on the road is the continued development of transportation technology. selfdriving cars, for example, are becoming more advanced and will soon be widely available. these cars will be able to communicate with each other, reducing the likelihood of accidents and traffic congestion. additionally, they will be able to drive more efficiently, reducing the amount of fuel used and emissions produced. finally, changing attitudes towards transportation are also contributing to the decrease in the number of cars on the road. many people are starting to realize that owning a car is not necessary for their daily lives. with the rise of ridesharing services like uber and lyft, people can easily get around without owning a car. additionally, many young people are choosing to live in cities where they can walk or take public transportation to get around. in conclusion, i agree that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. the increasing awareness of environmental issues, the development of transportation technology, and changing attitudes towards transportation are all contributing to this trend. while cars will always be a part of our lives, it is clear that they will play a much smaller role in the future than they do today.