recently the issue of whether education is a lifelong progress has been limelight and has aroused wide concern in the public. in this article, i would like to discuss this issue in detail. education is not a onetime event. it is an ongoing process. the process of education begins with the childs birth and continues throughout his or her life. this process is called education because it is the process by which a child learns to read, write, speak, and understand the world around him or herself. a child who has not been educated will not be able to do any of these things. therefore, education should be regarded as a lifelong process and not as an event that happens at the end of a persons life, when he or she has reached the age of majority and is no longer in need of any further education. however, there are some people who do not agree with this view. they believe that the education of children is only a short period of time and that itshould not continue beyond that period. some of them even go so far as to say that children should never be educated at all. these people are known as antieducationists and their views are not shared by the majority of the people in this country. so, let us look at this question from a different angle. what is education? what does it mean to be educated? what are the benefits of being educated? let us examine these questions and see if we can come up with an answer to the question, is education a good thing or a bad thing? is education a good thing? the benefits of being educated the first thing that we need to consider is whether or not there is any benefit to having an educated person in our society. there are many benefits that can be derived from having a welleducated person. here are a few examples a person who is well educated has a better chance of finding a job, getting a higher salary, being promoted in hisher job and getting more respect from others. heshe is also more likely to get married and have a family. an educated man or woman can also be more successful in their career and earn more money than someone who does not have an education, even if the latter has more education than the former. education also helps in making a