peoples often ask for advices from diffrent peoples. they do this because they want to get a better undrstanding of what they should do. when you ask mulitple peoples for advices, you can get diffrent point of views. this can help you because you can see what each person is saying and then you can put it all together to make a good choise. for example, if you ask your teacher and your parents for advices on weather you should do your homework or play a video game, your teacher might say that you should do your homework so you can get good grades. but your parents might say that its importint to have fun and play video games so you can relese stress. then you can think about both sides and decide what you want to do. another reason why its good to ask mulitple peoples for advices is that you can get more information. if you only ask one person, they might not know everything about the subjet. but if you ask more peoples, you can get a better undrstanding of the subjet because each person might know something diferent. for example, if you ask your friends and your brother for advices on how to make a good fist, your friends might say that you should curl your fingers and your brother might say that you should keep your thumb outside. then you can put it all together and make a good fist. sometimess asking mulitple peoples for advices can also help you to not make a mistake. if you only ask one person, they might tell you something that is not true. but if you ask more peoples, you can check if what they are saying is true or not. for example, if you ask your teacher and your friend for advices on weather you should jump of a bridge, your teacher might say that its not a good idear and your friend might say that its a bad idear to. then you can see that its not a good choise to jump of a bridge. in conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help you to make a better choise because you can get diffrent point of views, more information, and you can avoit making a mistake. so the next time you need to make a choise, ask mulitple peoples for advices and think carefully about what they say.