it is undeniable that we have become a throwaway society, as evidenced by the huge amounts of plastic bags and other waste that are being disposed of in our environment. this is a cause for concern, as it has caused a significant amount of damage to our environment and has led to the degradation of natural resources. to begin with, the use of plastic bags has had a detrimental effect on our environment. plastic bags are nonbiodegradable and thus take hundreds of years to break down. this means that they remain in the environment for a long time and can cause damage to ecosystems. for example, plastic bags often end up in the ocean and can cause the death of marine life if ingested. moreover, plastic bags can also be a source of air and water pollution, as they can release harmful toxins into the environment. in addition, the throwaway society has also led to the depletion of natural resources. this is because of the vast amounts of resources that are used to produce the items that are then thrown away. for instance, the production of plastic bags requires the use of petroleum, which is a finite resource. furthermore, the production of these items also requires energy, which is often generated from fossil fuels. as a result, the depletion of these resources can have a significant impact on our environment. finally, the throwaway society has also caused an increase in the amount of waste that is disposed of in our environment. this is because of the sheer number of items that are being thrown away, which often end up in landfills, oceans, and other areas of the environment. this can lead to the contamination of the environment and can also lead to the destruction of habitats. in conclusion, it is clear that we have become a throwaway society, which has had a detrimental effect on our environment. this is evidenced by the damage caused by plastic bags, the depletion of natural resources, and the increase in the amount of waste being disposed of in our environment. therefore, it is important that we take steps to reduce our reliance on disposable items and to ensure that we dispose of our waste responsibly.