in the past two decades, we have seen a dramatic increase in the number of cars on the road. in , there were about  million cars in use worldwide. today, there are more than  billion cars in use. by , there could be as many as  billion cars on the road. however, i believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. there are a number of reasons for this. first, we are seeing a shift away from car ownership and towards car sharing. in , there were only a handful of car sharing companies in existence. today, there are more than a dozen major car sharing companies, with millions of members between them. this trend is only going to continue, as car sharing offers a more convenient and affordable alternative to owning a car. second, we are seeing a shift towards electric vehicles. electric vehicles are more efficient than gasolinepowered vehicles, and they produce zero emissions. in , there were only a handful of electric vehicles on the road. today, there are more than a million. by , there could be as many as  million electric vehicles on the road. third, we are seeing a shift towards autonomous vehicles. autonomous vehicles are cars that can drive themselves. in , there were no autonomous vehicles on the road. today, there are a few hundred. by , there could be as many as a million. autonomous vehicles will make car ownership less necessary, as people will be able to use them as part of a car sharing service. fourth, we are seeing a shift towards public transportation. in , only a handful of cities had modern public transportation systems. today, there are hundreds of cities with modern public transportation systems. by , there could be thousands. this trend is being driven by a desire to reduce traffic congestion and pollution. in conclusion, i believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today. this is due to a shift away from car ownership, towards car sharing a shift towards electric vehicles a shift towards autonomous vehicles and a shift towards public transportation.