examination systems are used by many countries all around the world to assess the academic performance of students. in the case of senior high school students, these examination systems are designed to prepare them for college entrance examinations, but this often leads to a stressful environment for the students, reducing their creativity and hindering their allround development. this has led to the debate of whether or not these examination systems should be abolished. on the one hand, there are those who believe that examination systems should be abolished completely. it is argued that the examination system creates an unhealthy and competitive environment, which takes away the joy of learning and puts too much pressure on students. this often leads to students taking shortcuts instead of focusing on learning, which does not benefit them in the long run. furthermore, it has been said that these systems cannot accurately measure a students knowledge, as it does not take into account their natural talents, creativity, or other capabilities. on the other hand, there are those who believe that the examination system should not be abolished, as this would lead to further problems. for instance, without a national entrance examination, the privilege of attending college would be determined by other factors, such as finances and family background. this would create an unequal society, in which students from richer families would have an unfair advantage over students from poorer families. additionally, without a national entrance examination, universities would have to develop their own criteria for admitting students, which could create discrepancies between universities in terms of the quality of education they provide. in conclusion, while there are arguments both for and against abolishing the examination system, i believe that the most beneficial solution would be to reform the system, rather than abolish it completely. this could be done by shifting the focus of examinations away from rote memorization and towards practical problemsolving, as well as reducing the emphasis placed on the examination results. such reforms would ensure that the examination system accurately measures a students knowledge, while also providing a healthy learning environment for them.