nowadays, most of us send electronic cards for holiday greetings due to its convenience and fashionable patterns. but do you know that there are some disadvantages of using electronic greeting cards? . electronic cards are not as durable as paper ones. if you send an electronic card for a holiday greeting, it will not last as long as a paper card. it will be destroyed in a matter of a few days. so, if you want to send a greeting card to your friends and relatives, you should use a card that is durable enough to last for at least a month or two. you can also send your cards via email, but you will have to pay a fee for this service. . there is no guarantee that the card will arrive in the mail. the postal service does not guarantee the arrival of the cards. in fact, there is a chance that your card might not arrive at all. this is because the postal system is not equipped to handle the huge volume of cards that are sent to the united states and other countries. . your card may get lost or damaged during the transit from the post office to a recipients home. . some people may not be able to read the words printed on the back of their cards because they are too small. . many people have a hard time reading the small print on their card because it is written in small letters. . people who are blind or have low vision may find it difficult to understand the message on a small card printed in braille. . most people who send cards to their friends or relatives do so by mail, which means that they have no control over the delivery time. . sending cards by email is more convenient than sending them by postal mail because you can check the status of your message in realtime. . ecards are more expensive than cards sent by post. . when you receive your gift from a friend or relative, the person who sent you the gift may send you a new card with a different message. . sometimes, a person may forget to write his or her name or the name of someone he or she has sent a gift to. . a