the study of history is the study of human experience, of accomplishments and challenges faced over generations, and of the collective impact of our species on the world around us. it is easy to focus on the deeds of individuals as they often attract the most attention and recognition, but it would be remiss to ignore the fact that every significant event or trend in history has been made possible by a collective effort. therefore, i agree that the emphasis placed on individuals in the study of history is misguided. it is important to acknowledge the achievements of wellknown people, such as alexander the great, julius caesar, and joan of arc, and to look at how they shaped their respective societies. however, it is equally important to recognize the contributions of the many people who are not as famous. these people are often forgotten, but without them, the accomplishments of the famous few would not have been possible. take, for example, the industrial revolution. we often focus on the accomplishments of james watt and the steam engine, but in reality, the engine was the result of decades of research and engineering by a multitude of people. without the contributions of the many workers, engineers, and scientists whose names we do not know, the steam engine would never have been developed. similarly, the american revolution was made possible by the efforts of the founding fathers, but it was the collective efforts of the american people that allowed them to succeed. american colonists from all walks of life risked their lives, their reputations, and their fortunes to fight for freedom and independence. from the farmers and merchants who supplied the continental army with food and supplies to the women who contributed to the war effort by sewing uniforms and caring for wounded soldiers, the american revolution would not have been successful without the collective effort of the american people. it is not only significant events that require collective effort trends in history are also shaped by the collective actions of individuals. for instance, the civil rights movement was a long and arduous journey, led by many people who are often overlooked in history. from martin luther king jr. and malcolm x to rosa parks and the freedom riders, these individuals put their lives at risk in order to fight for equality and justice. however, their efforts would not have been successful without the countless men and women who participated in protests, rallied for change, and refused to give up even in the face of extreme danger. in conclusion, it is important to recognize the contributions of famous individuals in history, but it is also important to remember the collective effort that makes significant events and trends possible. it is only through the collective efforts of people, many of whom are forgotten, that history is made.