sir winston churchill, a celebrated statesman, once said, success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. this inspiring sentiment speaks to the power of perseverance, a sentiment the many successful people of today undoubtedly embody. take for example, jeff bezos, the founder of amazon. bezos famously took a huge risk in  when he resigned from his highly successful job in finance, with no clear plan for what followed. nonetheless, he made the leap of faith and invested everything he had into launching amazon. and the rest is history amazon quickly rose to become one of the largest companies in the world. similarly, stories of personal failure and eventual success are ubiquitous. whether it be a friend who failed out of school yet eventually graduated with honors, or a family member who failed to launch a business only to eventually achieve success with their second venture. the common denominator is often resilience. if one aspires to success, then it is important to consider ones own relationship to failure. this essay seeks to explore why failure is necessary for eventual success. outline i. introduction ii. historical examples winston churchill, jeff bezos iii. personal stories of failure and success iv. resilience overcomes failure v. conclusion draft success is the goal of many, and yet is often a long and arduous journey. sir winston churchill famously said, success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. this quotation speaks to the power of courage and perseverance, values that are echoed in both famous and personal stories of success. historical examples such as winston churchill and jeff bezos demonstrate how failure is often a catalyst for eventual success. equally, within our own personal lives, we have stories of failure and eventual success. these stories often involve resilience over time. therefore, this essay will explore why failure is necessary for eventual success. historically, successful leaders such as winston churchill and jeff bezos serve as reminders that while failure can be disheartening, it is not the end of the road. churchill was born into a politically influential family with a seemingly predestined career in politics, making his eventual failure less surprising. churchill served in the military, where he was a failure, and suffered defeats in politics. but, despite the discouragement, churchill applied his courage and press