the way we work has changed drastically over the years. many people believe that work has become more stressful and less leisurely. while this may be true in some cases, i think that work today is no more stressful and less leisurely than in the past. first of all, work today is more flexible than it used to be. we have the ability to work remotely, set our own hours, and work in different locations. this flexibility makes it easier to manage workrelated stress and allows us to enjoy our leisure time. for example, i am able to take my laptop with me on vacation and still be productive while enjoying the freedom to explore the area. additionally, technology has made it easier and faster to communicate with clients and colleagues, which helps to reduce stress and increase productivity. second, modern society has a greater emphasis on worklife balance. employers are offering more generous benefits to their employees, such as paid time off, flexible work schedules, and professional development opportunities. this means that employees are able to spend more time with their family and friends, and engage in more leisure activities. for example, my company offers flextime so that i can take breaks from work to go for a walk or to spend time with my family. this has been incredibly beneficial in helping me to manage my stress and making sure i have enough leisure time. finally, people today have access to more resources and support to help them manage stress. we have access to mental health services, online support groups, and a wide array of selfcare tools to help us manage stress and lead happier, more balanced lives. for example, i have been taking yoga classes twice a week to help me reduce stress and find peace. in conclusion, i do not believe that work today is more stressful and less leisurely than in the past. with the increased flexibility, focus on worklife balance, and better access to resources and support, i believe that we have more tools than ever before to help us manage stress and make the most of our leisure time.