to understand this subject of advertising product, first we have to know what the product is. in this case, we are talking about advertising. advertising is the process of selling a product or service to the public. it is a way of getting people to pay for something they dont need or want. for example, if you want to buy a new car, you go to a car dealership and ask for a price. the dealer tells you the price, and you buy the car. this is an example of an advertisement. you pay money to get something you do not want or need. now, lets look at a different example. lets say you have a friend who is sick and needs money. he asks you to give him some money so that he can buy medicine for his illness. what would be the best way to do this? you could tell your friend that you are giving him money because he needs it, or you could say something like this i am giving you  because you need medicine to treat your illness. the first way is more honest, but it is also less effective. why? because people are not going to believe you when you tell them that money is being given to them because they need it. they will think that the money was given for some other reason, such as to make you look good. so, the second way will be more effective, because it will make people believe that they are getting something for nothing. however, this is not always the case. sometimes people will give you money for no reason at all. when this happens, it can be very difficult to tell the difference between an honest advertisement and a dishonest one. there are many different types of advertisements. here are some of the most common types . advertisements in newspapers and magazines. . ads in magazines and newspapers. . tv commercials. . radio ads. . catalogs and catalogues. . commercials on the radio or television. . public service announcements psas. . promotional videos. . web sites. . video games. . movie trailers. . television commercials for movies and tv shows. . online ads for products and services. . internet ads and search engines. . direct mail. . telephone