the university education is not only for preparing students for employment. it is also for providing them with the skills and knowledge to be successful in their careers. some of the functions of the university education include providing students with the opportunity to develop critical thinking skills, gaining knowledge in different areas of study, and developing relationships with other students and faculty members. one example of how the university education can help students develop critical thinking skills is provided by a study published in the journal educational researcher. the study found that students who took a critical thinking course in college were more likely to be employed in a field that required critical thinking skills, such as law, accounting, or engineering. another example of how the university education can help students develop skills that are essential for success in their careers is provided by a study published in the journal human resource management. the study found that employees who had degrees in business, engineering, or science were more likely to be promoted than employees who did not have degrees in those fields. the university education also provides students with the knowledge and skills they need to be successful in their careers. for example, a study published in the journal personnel review found that employees who had degrees in business, engineering, or science were more likely to be promoted than employees who did not have degrees in those fields. the university education also provides students with the opportunity to develop relationships with other students and faculty members. for example, a study published in the journal academy of management journal found that students who were involved in extracurricular activities in college were more likely to be employed than students who were not involved in extracurricular activities. overall, the university education provides students with the skills and knowledge they need to be successful in their careers. it also provides them with the opportunity to develop relationships with other students and faculty members, which can help them be successful in their careers.