the term throwaway society is used to describe a culture in which people are accustomed to disposing of items after a single use. this is a growing problem in many parts of the world, as it is leading to an increase in the amount of plastic bags and other rubbish that is filling up our environment. in my opinion, i agree that we have become a throwaway society, and this is having a detrimental effect on our planet. one of the main reasons why i agree that we have become a throwaway society is the amount of plastic bags that are used and discarded each day. according to a recent study, it is estimated that over one trillion plastic bags are used worldwide each year, and most of these are not recycled. this means that they end up in landfills, oceans, and other areas of the environment, where they can take hundreds of years to decompose. this is having a devastating effect on wildlife and marine life, as plastic bags can be mistaken for food and can cause choking and other health problems. another reason why i agree that we have become a throwaway society is the amount of other rubbish that is being disposed of. many people are not aware of the amount of waste that they are producing, and this is leading to an increase in the amount of rubbish that is filling up our environment. this includes items such as food packaging, plastic bottles, and other items that are not biodegradable. this is having a negative effect on our planet, as it is leading to an increase in pollution and the destruction of natural habitats. in conclusion, i believe that we have become a throwaway society, and this is having a detrimental effect on our environment. we need to be more aware of the amount of waste that we are producing, and we need to take steps to reduce our reliance on singleuse items. this can be done by using reusable bags and containers, and by recycling as much as possible. if we all take steps to reduce our waste, then we can help to protect our planet for future generations.