i absolutely agree with the fact that many advertisements make products seem special, even though, maybe, they are not. for example, if i see an advertisement for a new car, i might think, wow, thats a really nice car. its got a lot of power, and it looks really cool. however, when i look at the car in real life, it doesnt really have all that much power or coolness to it. the car might have a nice paint job, but its not really that special. on the other hand, the advertisement might say something like this car is the most powerful car on the road today. this is a very special advertisement, because itsays that this car has all the power in the world. if i were to buy a car like that, then i would be very happy with it, right? i wouldnt have to worry about it breaking down, or that it was going to break down in a couple of years. but, in reality, this is not the case. this car will probably last me a few more years than it will last the person who bought it for ,. why? because this person didnt do anything to make it last as long as it would have. they just paid a little bit more money for it than i did. in other words, most advertisements dont tell you the truth about what the product is really like. what are some examples of advertisements that you think are misleading? if you could change one thing about advertising, what would it be? the first thing that comes to my mind is that i think advertisements should be more honest about the quality of the products that theyre trying to sell you. advertising is supposed to be a way to get you to spend money on something you might not otherwise buy. so, why is it that so many products are advertised as being better than what they actually are? itseems to me that there are a number of reasons for this. one reason might be that advertisers want to convince you that their product will be better for you than something else that is out there. another reason could be because they think that if they make a product seem better, people will buy it more often than if it were not advertised that way. and yet another reason may be