in our society we live arounded by every kind of spots on tv, on internet, on the streets. most of the time we dont even notice them, but when we do, they can be really annoying. i agree with this statement. i think that most advertisements are misleading. they make us believe that something is better or worse than it really is, when in fact it is the exact opposite. for example, if you look at an advertisement for a new car, you will see that the car looks really good. but when you drive it, it turns out to be a really bad car. the same thing happens with many other products and services that we use every day. when we buy something, we think we are getting a better deal than we actually are, and we end up paying more for it than if we had just bought it from a store. this is called the illusion of choice and its a very common problem in the advertising industry. its also a problem for the people who work in advertising, because they have to convince people that what they are selling is worth their time and money. unfortunately, most people are not very good at evaluating the quality of a product or service, so they tend to buy things that they think are better, even if they arent. in addition, many of us have a tendency to believe what we see in advertisements. we see something that looks good and assume that it must be good, regardless of whether or not it actually is. so, in addition to being misleading, advertisements can also be harmful to our health. studies have shown that exposure to advertising can lead to a variety of negative health effects, including increased risk of heart disease, diabetes, obesity, depression, anxiety, eating disorders, smoking, alcohol and drug abuse, sleep disorders and more. if you are concerned about the effects of advertising on your health, there are a number of things you can do to protect yourself. first of all, make sure that you know what advertising is and what it doesnt do. you can find out more about advertising and its effects on health by reading this article. another good place to start is by looking at the advertising standards authority asa. the asa is an independent, nonprofit organization that is responsible for regulating advertising in great britain