drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. while cell phones have become an integral part of modern life, using a phone while driving poses too many risks and distractions. a vehicle in motion requires a drivers full attention behind the wheel. texting, talking, or otherwise manipulating a cell phone takes the drivers eyes off the road and hands off the wheel. numerous studies show cell phone use while driving leads to increased accidents. when driving, attentiveness is crucial to safely navigating traffic situations and reacting to any sudden events. but cell phones divide a drivers concentration between the call and the road. even handsfree use requires mental focus on the conversation that would otherwise be devoted to awareness of surrounding vehicles and road conditions. research finds this impaired mindset from phone conversations leads to slower reaction times similar to being intoxicated. cell phone use also enables dangerous multitasking behaviors like texting that divert visual attention downward instead of focusing straight ahead. texting is especially risky as it requires gazing at the screen and manually typing out messages with thumbs. this degree of distraction drastically increases accident probability. studies show drivers who text are  times more likely to crash than undistracted operators. in a moving vehicle, a drivers first priority must be the safety of passengers and other drivers on the road. but cell phone activities prioritize personal communication over cautious driving habits. distracted driving from phones claims thousands of lives every year in preventable accidents. for the sake of public safety, it is best if cell phone operation becomes an activity restricted entirely to parked cars. strict laws banning all handheld and handsfree phone use while driving can help change social norms and decrease needless loss of life. when behind the wheel, full attention on the road should be the top priority without exceptions.