it is often said that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities. while there may be some truth to this statement, i would argue that this is not necessarily the case. to begin with, it is important to note that young people are often very busy with their studies and with finding employment. this can mean that they have less time to dedicate to helping their communities. however, this does not necessarily mean that they are not doing so. in fact, many young people are very active in volunteering and other forms of community service. for instance, there are numerous youthled initiatives that have been established in recent years, such as the global citizen movement, which works to promote awareness of global issues and encourage young people to take action. similarly, many young people are involved in local charities or other social causes, such as fundraising or running community events. furthermore, even those young people who are not able to dedicate large amounts of time to community service are still making an important contribution. for example, many young people are using their social media platforms to spread awareness of important issues and to promote positive change. this can have a significant impact on the community, even if it is not as tangible as volunteering or fundraising. finally, it is also important to consider that many young people are already actively engaged in their communities. for instance, young people are often involved in local politics, campaigning for causes that they believe in or running for office. this can be a great way for young people to make a positive difference in their communities. in conclusion, while it may be true that some young people do not give enough time to helping their communities, this does not necessarily mean that all young people are not doing so. in fact, many young people are actively engaged in volunteering and other forms of community service, and even those who are not able to dedicate large amounts of time are still making an important contribution.