dear senator, i am writing to express my view that the united states should change from the current electoral college system to directly electing the president by popular vote. while the electoral college was designed with the intention of giving smaller states more influence, in the modern political landscape it can undermine the principle of one person, one vote. one argument often made in favor of keeping the electoral college is that it encourages candidates to build broader coalitions and appeal to a wider geographic range of voters. however, research shows that in recent elections it has encouraged candidates to focus campaign efforts and resources only in socalled swing states where the popular vote is closest. twothirds of general election campaign events in the  election were held only in just six states. this diminishes the influence of voters in the majority of noncompetitive states. it could also be argued that switching to the national popular vote may mean that candidates shift their focus to only large population centers. however, under the current system larger states are still sometimes ignored as their electoral votes are considered secure for one party regardless of the popular vote outcome. a national popular vote would better ensure that all votes, whether in small towns or large cities, are counted equally in determining the overall national preference. additionally, recent elections have seen candidates win the presidency despite losing the national popular vote. while one could argue this has only happened a few times, it undermines the perception and reality of every americans vote counting equally. in an increasingly polarized political climate, this could further deterioration of faith in democratic principles. moving to a popular vote system would align outcomes with the collective national preference and preference of the most voters. in conclusion, while the electoral college was designed with rationale when the constitution was ratified, issues that have emerged over time in its implementation argue that a national popular vote is a better reflection of our modern democratic values and a system in which every vote carries equal weight. i believe this change would increase participation, represent the interests of all states, and maintain legitimacy in outcomes that align with the national preference. for these reasons, i ask that you support a legislative change to a popular vote for electing the president. thank you for your consideration. sincerely, your name