hey, have you heard about the face on mars? its this weird mountain that looks like a face. some people think that aliens made it, but i dont think so. i think its just a natural landform. first of all, lets look at the facts. the face is made up of a bunch of hills and valleys that, when looked at from a certain angle, form a face. but, its not a perfect face. its all squished up and doesnt really look like a face at all. if aliens were gonna make a face, wouldnt they make it look, you know, normal? and another thing, the face is huge! its like a mile long and a half mile wide. thats way too big for any alien to make. i mean, imagine how long it would take to build something that big! and why would aliens even bother making a face on mars? its not like theyre trying to communicate with us or anything. now, lets talk about the evidence. the article we read said that the face was formed by erosion and weathering. that makes sense, cause mars has a really thin atmosphere, so the wind and rain cant do much to change the landscape. and, the article said that the face is made up of really soft rock, so its easy for the wind and rain to erode it. thats why it looks so weird and squished up. also, the article said that there are other faces on mars that are similar to the one were talking about. theyre not as big, but theyre still pretty weird looking. so, if aliens were making faces on mars, wouldnt they make them all the same? why would they make some big and some small? it doesnt make sense. finally, lets think about the odds. there are billions of planets in the universe, and were the only ones who think the face on mars looks like a face. its probably just a coincidence. and, even if aliens did exist, why would they choose to make a face on mars and not, like, a statue or something? so, all things considered, i think the face on mars is just a natural landform. its not some aliens art project or anything. its just a weird looking mountain that we happened to notice. we shouldnt jump to conclusions just cause something looks a little weird. we gotta think about the facts and the evidence before we start saying stuff like, oh, aliens did it! anyway, thats my argument. i hope you agree with me now!