nowadays, under the new marketing system, people have paid more and more attention to degree certificates. what is the difference between a bachelors degree and a masters or doctorate degree? what are the advantages and disadvantages of each type of degree, and how do they differ from each other? in this article, we will try to answer these questions. we will start with a brief overview of the different types of degrees and then discuss the main differences between them. in the end, you will be able to make an informed decision about which degree is right for you. bachelors degrees bachelors degrees are awarded to students who have completed at least one year of study at a university or college. the main purpose of these degrees is to prepare students for a career in the field of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics stem and to provide them with the knowledge and skills necessary to enter the job market in these fields. there are three main categories of bachelor degrees bachelor of arts b. a. or b. sc., master of sciences m. s., and doctor of philosophy ph. d.. bachelor degrees can be awarded in a variety of subjects, such as english, mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, economics, psychology, sociology, political science and many others. bachelor degree programs are usually divided into two parts prerequisites and core courses. prerequisite courses are required for students to complete their bachelor degree program. core courses, on the other hand, are optional and are designed to give students the necessary skills and knowledge to succeed in their studies. students can choose to take only a part of their core course or all of it, depending on their individual needs and interests. some universities offer a combination of core and prerequisites courses in order to meet the needs of all their students, while other universities only offer the core part. it is important to note, however, that a students choice of courses does not necessarily affect his or her chances of obtaining