there is no one right way to be successful. successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well. one example of a successful person who tries new things is bill gates. gates is the cofounder of microsoft, one of the worlds largest and most successful technology companies. gates has been involved in many successful ventures, including microsoft windows, microsoft word, and microsoft excel. gates is also the founder of the bill and melinda gates foundation, one of the worlds largest philanthropic organizations. gatess willingness to try new things has led to his success. gates has been quoted as saying, if you want to do something really well, you have to love what you do. if you dont love it, youll never do it well. gatess passion for technology and his willingness to take risks has led to his success. gates has also been quoted as saying, ive been very lucky that ive been able to do things that i love. gatess success is an example of how trying new things can lead to success. gates is not only a successful businessman, he is also a philanthropist and a humanitarian. his willingness to try new things and his passion for helping others have led to his success. successful people are not only willing to try new things, they are also willing to take risks. one example of a successful person who takes risks is steve jobs. jobs was the cofounder and ceo of apple, one of the worlds most successful technology companies. jobs is also the founder of pixar, one of the worlds most successful animation studios. jobss success is based on his ability to take risks and his passion for innovation. jobss willingness to take risks has led to his success. jobs is known for his innovation, which includes the development of the ipod, the iphone, and the ipad. jobss innovation has made him one of the worlds richest men. jobss willingness to take risks has also led to his failure. jobss most famous failure is the apple newton, which was a failed attempt to create a personal digital assistant. jobss willingness to take risks has led to his success. his passion for innovation and his willingness to take risks has led to his success. jobss success is an example of how trying new things and taking risks can lead to success.