when it comes to the role of government officials, the two competing philosophies of stewardship and autonomy provide different perspectives on their responsibilities. those who believe that government officials should carry out the will of the people they serve contend that elected officials should represent the interests of their constituents and prioritize their wishes over their own. supporters of this position argue that public servants should be responsive to their constituents and that they should not act on their own personal opinions. on the other hand, those who argue that government officials should make decisions based on their own judgment argue that elected officials should use their expertise and knowledge to make informed decisions in the best interests of their constituents. supporters of this position argue that elected officials should use their own independent thought and personal judgment when deciding on matters of policy. after carefully considering the merits of both arguments, i believe that government officials should make decisions based on their own judgment. government officials are elected to serve the public and it is their duty to act in the best interests of their constituents. while it is true that elected officials should be responsive to the will of their constituents, it is also important for them to act independently and use their expertise to make informed decisions. elected officials have been entrusted with making decisions that affect the lives of their constituents, and it is their responsibility to use their knowledge and experience to make the best decisions possible. for example, the current pandemic has presented many difficult decisions for elected officials. governments around the world have had to make difficult choices about how to respond to the crisis and protect their citizens. in such a complex situation, it is important for governments to have the autonomy to make decisions based on their own judgment. to do otherwise would be to sacrifice the safety and wellbeing of their constituents for the sake of responding to public opinion. governments must be able to draw on their own knowledge and experience to make the best decisions in a rapidly changing environment. furthermore, elected officials are ultimately accountable to their constituents, and they can be held accountable for the decisions they make. if an elected official is making decisions based on their own judgment, they can be held accountable to their constituents for those decisions. this means that elected officials must take responsibility for the decisions they make, and they must be willing to explain and defend their decisions. this accountability allows citizens to have a say in their government, while also giving elected officials the autonomy to make the best decisions possible. ultimately, i believe that government officials should make decisions based on their own judgment. elected officials are entrusted with the responsibility of making informed decisions in the best interests of their constituents, and it is important for them to have the autonomy to do so. at the same time, elected officials must also remain accountable to their constituents, and be willing to explain and defend their decisions. in this way, government officials can ensure that their decisions are in the best interests of their constituents, and that their constituents have a say in their government.