in twenty years, the world will look very different than it does today. technology will have advanced, and the way we interact with the world around us will have changed drastically. one of the most significant changes that will occur in the next two decades is the decrease in the number of cars in use. i believe this to be true, and i will explain why in this essay. the first reason why i believe there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years is the increasing availability of public transportation. as cities become more crowded, public transportation becomes a more viable option for getting around. this is already happening in many cities around the world, and it is likely to become even more widespread in the next two decades. with more efficient and reliable public transportation, people will be less likely to rely on cars for their daily commutes. the second reason why i believe there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years is the increasing popularity of ridesharing services. companies like uber and lyft have already revolutionized the way people get around, and this trend is likely to continue in the coming years. as these services become more popular, people will be less likely to own their own cars. instead, they will be able to use ridesharing services to get around, which will reduce the number of cars in use. the third reason why i believe there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years is the increasing availability of electric vehicles. electric vehicles are becoming more popular, and this trend is likely to continue in the coming years. electric vehicles are more efficient and less polluting than traditional gasolinepowered cars, and this will make them a more attractive option for many people. as electric vehicles become more popular, the number of cars in use will decrease. in conclusion, i believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years. this is due to the increasing availability of public transportation, the increasing popularity of ridesharing services, and the increasing availability of electric vehicles. all of these factors will contribute to a decrease in the number of cars in use, and this will have a positive impact on the environment and society as a whole.