are smartphones changing the way people interact and communicate?. gone are the days of penandpaper letter writing, meeting face to face with friends, or even a simple phone call as our main methods of communication. the smartphone has taken over our lives in a very short space of time, revolutionizing how we stay connected with each other. while theres no denying that smartphones have made communication easier and more convenient than ever before, it is also true that they are drastically altering the way in which people interact and communicate. the proliferation of social media apps such as instagram, snapchat, and twitter allow us to keep up with whats happening in each others lives on an unprecedented scale. this means that we can gain insight into someones life without having any direct contact with thema phenomenon never seen before this era of technology. on one hand these apps may foster stronger relationships by allowing for more frequent updates about each others lives however on the flipside this trend might lead to shallower connections since most online conversations revolve around superficial topics instead of meaningful ones. text messages have become so pervasive that many worry about their impact on language development could autocorrect be tampering with proper grammar skills? whereas email has replaced snail mail as a quick form of communication  yet emails still require thoughtfulness when composing them whereas texts tend to be sent off quickly without much consideration or reflection given beforehand. moreover while many consider texting efficient because you dont need to wait around for someone elses response anymore there is something lost when compared to waiting for letters or handwritten notes in the past  taking longer allowed one time to contemplate things meaningfully before responding rather than relying solely on impulse reactions under tight timelines. . it isnt all bad news though video calls make it easier than ever before for long distance family members or couples living apart from one another to feel like theyre right next door despite being miles