introduction hey there! im super excited to share my thoughts on the face on mars with you. i know some people think its this crazy alien structure, but lets be real, its just a natural landform. i mean, come on, weve gotta be logical about this. the face is just a bunch of rocks and stuff, its not like its some super advanced technology or anything. body first of all, lets talk about how the face was formed. according to the article, its just a bunch of erosion and weathering that happened over time. its not like someone came along and carved it out or anything. the article even says that the face is made up of a bunch of different rocks and minerals, which is totally normal for a planet like mars. also, the article talks about how the face is actually kinda... well, boring. i mean, its not like its this super complex structure or anything. its just a bunch of rocks that happened to form a facelike shape. the article says that its not even a very unique landform, there are tons of other places on mars that look similar. and lets not forget, the face is on mars! like, come on, its a planet! its not like aliens would just randomly decide to build a face on a planet. thats just not how it works. the article even says that theres no evidence of any alien activity on mars, so its not like we can just assume that the face is some kind of alien structure. evidence from the article that supports my claims  the face is formed by natural erosion and weathering processes.  the face is made up of a bunch of different rocks and minerals, which is normal for mars.  the face is not a very unique landform, there are tons of other places on mars that look similar.  there is no evidence of any alien activity on mars. conclusion so, there you have it! the face on mars is not some crazy alien structure, its just a natural landform that happened to form a facelike shape. i mean, come on, lets be real, its not like aliens would just randomly decide to build a face on a planet. its just not how it works. i hope this essay has convinced you that the face is just a natural part of mars, and not some super advanced alien technology. thanks for listening!