it is common for high school and college students to feel uncertain about their future careers. in fact, many students do not have the ability to commit to a career path at such a young age. this can be attributed to several factors. first, students are often still exploring their interests and trying to find their specialties in order to decide which field or profession to pursue. this process can take time and often involves trying out a variety of experiences, such as volunteer work, internships, and educational courses. additionally, in an everchanging economy, the job market may be in flux, which can make it difficult to determine where to invest time and resources. labour market research further evidences this point. according to the bureau of labor statistics, most individuals work an average of  different jobs throughout their lives, with the average person spending almost five years in each job. this indicates that career commitment does not come quickly nor easily rather, it is a process which takes time and exploration of various interests and potential opportunities. moreover, young people are still developing their skills, values, and interestsall of which can greatly influence job choice. the department of labors transition and career explorations toolkit states that students must be able to identify and explore their individual, careerrelated preferences and interests before they can begin to consider and make informed career choices. this further suggests that young individuals may not be sufficiently informed or knowledgeable about a given field or profession in order to make a career commitment. in conclusion, it is understandable why so many students lack the ability to commit to a career at a young age. this is due to a combination of factors, ranging from a stilldeveloping skillset to a changing job market to identifying personal interests. with time, research, exploration, and advisement, however, students can easily develop a deeper understanding of available career paths and come to an informed decision.