dear senator, i am writing to urge you to reconsider our countrys current use of the electoral college system. after deep investigation and consideration, i have found that most voters, myself included, would instead prefer a direct election. in our status quo, as established by the office of the federal register, the electoral college process comprises of elector selection, meetings, and vote counting by congress. each states entitled allotment of electors equals the number of its congressional delegation members. however, this process has its flaws, as stated by bradford plumer in his article, the indefensible electoral college. in his plight for a change to direct vote, he argues that the electoral college system is both nondemocratic and confusing, leading potentially to electoral disasters. in fact, electors have historically flouted public opinion and voted according to their own whim, which undermines democratic principles. opponents of the direct vote system argue that the electoral college offers certainty of outcome, encourages candidates to have a transregional appeal, and ensures that more thoughtful voters will decide elections, as judge richard a. posner pointed out in his essay in defense of the electoral college. while these are seemingly valuable benefits, they do not sufficiently counterbalance the principle of fairness that our democracy should uphold. more fundamentally, it does not sit well with a vast majority of people that someone can win the most popular votes and still lose the presidency. in addition, the electoral college seems to exacerbate the gap between different states political influence. as it stands, candidates tend to pay more attention to larger states and swing states, leaving lesser populous states feeling neglected, which contradicts the principle of equality that a democratic nation should cherish. consequently, the system favors some voters over others, as plumer explained. the arguments against the electoral college system align more consistently with our democratic ideals than the arguments in favor of maintaining it. as the matters stand, the electoral college system feels outdated and disjointed from the transformation our society has experienced since it was established. i appeal to you to advocate on our behalf to maintain our countrys integrity by replacing this flawed system with a direct voting system, which would foster a more accurate representation of our citizenry in the election of our president. yours sincerely, your name