the internet has revolutionized the way we access information. it has made information more widely available and easier to access than ever before. however, i do not believe that it will ever completely replace the book or the written word as the main source of information. there are several reasons why the internet will never completely replace books and written words as the main source of information. first, the internet is a very new technology and has not been around for very long. books and written words have been around for centuries and have a much longer history than the internet. they are more established and have a proven track record. second, the internet is a very versatile and flexible technology. it can be used for a variety of purposes, such as communicating with others, accessing information, and shopping. however, books and written words are also versatile and can be used for a variety of purposes, such as communicating with others, accessing information, and learning. third, the internet is a very impersonal technology. you can access information from all over the world, but you cannot see or hear the person who is providing the information. this can be a disadvantage, because you cannot judge the credibility of the information. however, books and written words are personal technologies. you can see and hear the person who is providing the information. this can be an advantage, because you can judge the credibility of the information. fourth, the internet is a very noisy technology. there is a lot of information available on the internet, and it can be difficult to find the information you are looking for. however, books and written words are quiet technologies. there is not a lot of information available in books and written words, and it is easy to find the information you are looking for. finally, the internet is a very addictive technology. it can be addictive because it is fun and interesting to use. however, books and written words are not addictive technologies. they are not as fun or interesting to use as the internet. in conclusion, the internet has revolutionized the way we access information. however, i do not believe that it will ever completely replace the book or the written word as the main source of information.