drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle the use of cell phones while driving has become an epidemic on todays roads. with most people never being without their phones, the temptation to use them even while driving is strong. however, distraction from cell phone use puts not only the driver but also other drivers and pedestrians in danger. for this reason, drivers should not be permitted to use cell phones in any capacity when operating a motor vehicle. recent studies show that driving while distracted from a cell phone is equivalent to driving drunk. reaction times are compromised and drivers cannot maintain full focus on the road. even handsfree use of phones ties up valuable brainpower needed for safe driving that could otherwise be used to monitor changing traffic conditions or notice potentially hazardous situations developing nearby. statistics prove that distracted driving is a leading cause of car accidents. banning all cell phone use would eliminate this major source of impairment and make roads safer for everyone. in addition, cell phone conversations may not allow for full attention on traffic lights and signs. a driver talking on the phone may miss important visual cues like a traffic signal turning red or a stop sign that they need to obey. texting is even more dangerous as it takes a drivers eyes completely off the road for prolonged periods. reflexes are delayed in responding to any road emergency that arises. driving requires full visual, auditory and cognitive awareness of the surrounding traffic environment at all times which phones interfere with. some argue that a ban on cell phones infringes on personal freedom. however, a drivers liberties end where they put others at risk. the privilege of a license requires acting with safety and responsibility toward fellow citizens sharing the road. when cell phones demonstrably diminish driving ability, prohibiting their use except for true emergencies is a reasonable restriction and an important public safety regulation. overall lives saved would greatly outweigh a minor inconvenience in these situations. in conclusion, cell phones pose an unnecessary distraction that compromises driving focus and situational awareness, elevating accident probabilities. banning all nonemergency cell phone activity while operating a vehicle would promote traffic safety and save lives. road users should cooperate with laws created to protect everyone on the streets. for these compelling reasons, drivers should not be allowed cell phone use of any kind when in control of a motor vehicle.