innovation and new ideas can be an invaluable asset to any organization. they can open up new ways of doing things, allowing for increased efficiency, productivity and creativity. but accepting how these new ideas and innovations are put to use is often much more difficult than simply accepting the idea. i agree that it is difficult to accept how these new ideas are put to use, and this difficulty can be for various reasons. one of the most common reasons for this difficulty is the fear of the unknown. people often struggle to accept something that they are unfamiliar with. this can be especially true when it comes to innovation and new ideas. people may be hesitant to take a chance on something that is not tried and tested, preferring instead to stick with the familiar. this fear of the unknown can be especially pronounced when the proposed changes are significant. with significant changes, people may be more likely to feel overwhelmed and uncertain, making it that much more difficult to accept the new ideas and the way they are put to use. another reason why it can be difficult to accept how new ideas are put to use is that people may disagree with the proposed changes. people may have different opinions on how best to utilize a new idea, and when these opinions differ, it can be difficult to accept the proposed changes. people may also have different opinions on what is best for the organization. some people may think that certain changes are beneficial, while others may think that these changes will be detrimental. when these opposing views clash, it can be difficult to accept the proposed changes and how they will be put to use. lastly, people may struggle to accept how new ideas are put to use due to a lack of resources. in order to properly implement a new idea or innovation, certain resources must be available. without the necessary resources, it can be difficult to accept how the new idea is put to use. for example, if a company is introducing a new customer service system, but does not have the necessary personnel to properly manage the change, it can be difficult to accept how the new system is put to use. in conclusion, i agree that it can be difficult to accept how new ideas and innovations are put to use. this difficulty can be due to the fear of the unknown, disagreement over the proposed changes, or a lack of resources. all of these issues can contribute to making it difficult to accept how new ideas are put to use, but with the right approach, these issues can be overcome.