character is often said to define who we are as individuals, but should we choose these traits for ourselves or be shaped and molded by outside forces? there is much debate surrounding this issue, and it is important to consider both sides before making a decision. on the one hand, there are those who believe that character traits should be chosen independently. selfdetermination allows us to make our own decisions, and makes us agents of change in our own lives. moreover, it also allows us to establish our values and follow our own moral compass. by taking this approach, we can be assured that our character is shaped by the person we decide to be. an example of this can be seen in the way people choose to use their resources in different ways to achieve certain goals. on the other hand, it is argued that character traits should be shaped, in part, by outside influences. external experiences, both good and bad, can shape and influence our character. culture, family, and other external influences can all contribute to our values and way of life. proponents of this approach argue that these experiences are necessary in order to help shape and refine our character. an example of this is how people from different cultures have varying perspectives on certain issues. ultimately, it is up to us to decide how our character is shaped and molded. we have the freedom of choice and the power to change the course of our lives. we can support positive external influences while maintaining our own autonomy and individuality. as long as we make conscious decisions about our character traits, we can shape our lives in a way that is best for us. in conclusion, when it comes to our character traits, we have the power to determine our own destiny. we can draw from the values of those that have influenced us, or we can create our own unique character and determine our own fate. it is up to us to decide which approach is best for our lives, and we have the freedom to choose our own character traits.