nowadays, electronic dictionaries edictionaries have been increasingly popular among students. however, teachers think that the overuse of edictionaries might have more disadvantages than advantages for english learning. for example, like the use of calculator affecting the skill of calculating, reliance on edictionaries may lead to the deteriorating of our spelling ability. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of roughly  words. there is no denying that edictionaries have become more and more popular among students. however, some teachers think that too much use of edictionaries may have some disadvantages for english learning, for example, it may lead to the deterioration of our spelling ability. i do not agree with this opinion for the following reasons. to begin with, edictionaries provide us with a more convenient way to look up words. in the past, we have to carry a heavy dictionary around with us all the time, which is really inconvenient. however, with the development of technology, we can now easily find the meaning of a word by just typing it into an edictionary. moreover, edictionaries usually provide us with more than one meaning of a word, which can help us to understand it better. for instance, the word run has many different meanings, such as to move quickly by using your legs, to operate or cause something to operate and to be in charge of something. if we only look up the meaning in a paper dictionary, we may not be able to understand it properly. however, if we look it up in an edictionary, we can easily find all the different meanings of the word and understand it better. in addition, edictionaries can help us to improve our pronunciation. most of the edictionaries now have a function of pronunciation, which can help us to pronounce the word correctly. for example, if we want to know how to pronounce the word apple, we can just type it into an edictionary and then press the button of pronunciation. we will then be able to hear the correct pronunciation of the word. this is very helpful, especially for those who are not native english speakers. last but not least, edictionaries can help us to learn new words more effectively. most of the edictionaries now have a function of word reminder, which can help us to remember the new words we have learned. for example, if we want to learn the word apple, we can just type it into an edictionary and then set the word reminder. the edictionary will then remind us to review the word at a certain time. this is very helpful, especially for those who have a poor memory. in conclusion, i believe that the overuse of edictionaries does not have more disadvantages than advantages for english learning.