successful people are often seen as those who have achieved great things in their lives, whether it is in their career, education, or personal life. while it is true that successful people often have a strong foundation of knowledge and skills, it is also true that they are often willing to try new things and take risks. i agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well. one of the main reasons why successful people take risks is because they understand that it is the only way to make progress. if they only stick to what they already know how to do, they will not be able to grow and develop new skills. for example, a successful entrepreneur may decide to invest in a new business venture that is outside of their area of expertise. this is a risk, as there is no guarantee of success, but it is also an opportunity to learn and grow. another reason why successful people take risks is because they understand that failure is a part of life. they know that even if they fail, they can learn from their mistakes and use the experience to become even more successful in the future. for example, a successful business leader may decide to launch a new product, even though there is no guarantee of success. if the product fails, they can use the experience to make better decisions in the future. finally, successful people take risks because they understand that taking risks can lead to great rewards. if they are willing to take a chance, they may be able to achieve something that would have been impossible if they had only stuck to what they already knew. for example, a successful scientist may decide to pursue a new research project, even though there is no guarantee of success. if the project is successful, they may be able to make a breakthrough that could benefit society. in conclusion, i believe that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well. they understand that taking risks is the only way to make progress, that failure is a part of life, and that taking risks can lead to great rewards.