it is true that we have become a throwaway society in many ways, as evidenced by the large amount of plastic bags and rubbish we are filling up our environment with. this is a major concern that needs to be addressed if we are to protect the planet and its resources for future generations. one of the primary reasons why we have become a throwaway society is due to the convenience of singleuse plastic bags. these bags are incredibly convenient for consumers, as they are lightweight and easy to carry, but they also create a huge amount of waste that is difficult to dispose of. plastic bags are not biodegradable and can take hundreds of years to decompose, meaning they can clog up landfills and waterways, and are an eyesore in many places. furthermore, they are a major source of pollution, as they can be carried by the wind and end up in the ocean, where they can harm marine life. another factor contributing to our throwaway society is the production of disposable items, such as paper cups, plastic cutlery, and styrofoam containers. these items are designed to be used once and then thrown away, creating a huge amount of waste that is difficult to dispose of. furthermore, these items are often made from nonbiodegradable materials, meaning they will remain in the environment for a long time. finally, our throwaway society is also caused by the fact that many people are not recycling or reusing items. recycling and reusing items is an important way to reduce the amount of waste we produce, as it allows us to use items multiple times before disposing of them. unfortunately, many people are not taking advantage of this, meaning that more and more waste is being produced. in conclusion, we have definitely become a throwaway society due to the large amount of plastic bags and other disposable items we are filling up our environment with. if we do not address this issue, it will only get worse and have a serious impact on our planet. therefore, it is important that we take steps to reduce our waste, such as by recycling and reusing items, and by avoiding singleuse plastic bags.