most people would agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. after all, if students do not understand the concepts they are learning, they will not be able to apply that knowledge in any meaningful way. for example, a student who understands the concept of addition will be able to use that knowledge to solve math problems, while a student who only knows the facts about addition will be limited to solving problems that are given to him or her. there are a number of reasons why it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts. first, understanding concepts helps students to develop critical thinking skills. when students are able to think critically, they are able to analyze information and come to their own conclusions. this is important, not only in school, but also in life. second, understanding concepts helps students to learn more effectively. when students know the meaning of the concepts they are learning, they are able to connect the information to other things they know, and this helps them to remember the information better. finally, understanding concepts allows students to apply what they learn in different ways. for example, if a student understands the concept of addition, she can use that knowledge to solve math problems, but she can also use it to figure out how much money she needs to buy a certain amount of candy, or to calculate how many hours it will take her to finish a project. while it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts, it is also important for them to learn facts. after all, facts are the building blocks of knowledge. if students do not know the facts, they will not be able to understand the concepts. for example, if a student does not know the alphabet, he will not be able to read. similarly, if a student does not know the multiplication tables, she will not be able to do math. there are a few reasons why it is important for students to learn facts. first, facts help students to build a strong foundation of knowledge. if students do not learn the basic facts, they will not be able to understand more complex concepts. second, facts help students to develop problemsolving skills. when students are given a problem to solve, they can use the facts they know to help them figure out the answer. finally, facts help students to better understand the world around them. for example, if a student knows the multiplication tables, she will be able to understand how much money she has to spend on groceries, or how long it will take her to drive to a friends house. in conclusion, i believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. however, i also believe that it is important for students to learn the basic facts that they need to know in order to understand the concepts.