dear senator, i am writing to express my support for changing how we elect the president of the united states to a system determined by popular vote rather than the current electoral college. while the electoral college was designed with the aim of giving smaller states more influence, i believe the popular vote better reflects the will of all american citizens. one argument made in favor of keeping the electoral college is that it encourages candidates to build broader coalitions and campaign in more states. however, this has not always been the case in practice. recent presidential elections have shown candidates focusing their efforts and resources only in socalled swing states that could vote either way. much of the country is simply ignored. a national popular vote would make every vote equal and encourage candidates to campaign everywhere. it is also argued that without the filtering of the electoral college, small states might lose influence. but i do not think presidential candidates would ignore citizens just because of where they live. issues are issues, regardless of geography, and candidates would still need to appeal to as many different groups as possible to get a majority of votes nationwide. additionally, concerns about small states being overlooked are diminished considering candidates and issues now are national in scope rather than just regional. most importantly, the popular vote better upholds the core democratic principle of one person, one vote. in several elections, including  and , the winner of the national popular vote did not win the presidency due to the current system. this does not seem fair, and millions of voters in effect have their votes ignored. while not perfect, determining the election by who gets the most votes does seem the most just way. for these reasons, i ask that you support a constitutional amendment to replace the current electoral college with a national popular vote for electing the president. doing so would make every vote equal and keep the process more in line with democratic values. it is time for this change to ensure our elections best reflect the will of the people. thank you for your consideration. sincerely, your name