young people are a valuable asset to any country as they are the future of society. without the contributions of young people, a country would be unable to make progress and properly develop. however, despite being of great importance, young peoples issues are often overlooked by governments. i disagree with this notion as i believe that governments should pay more attention to the concerns of young people. the concerns of young people should be taken seriously as they are the driving force of a countrys future. for instance, young people are the leaders of tomorrow, and it is important that their issues are addressed early. therefore, governments should focus on providing more support for young people to ensure that they can develop the skills necessary for leadership. this could be done by providing better access to education, as well as mentorship and internship opportunities to help young people develop the skills necessary for success. furthermore, governments should ensure that young people have access to a healthy lifestyle, as well as adequate healthcare and nutrition, to ensure that they are able to keep up with their physical and mental health. moreover, governments should also focus on providing more job opportunities for young people. this is because young people often struggle to find employment due to lack of experience, thus leading to high levels of unemployment. to address this issue, governments should invest more in labour market training, as well as in industries such as technology and entrepreneurship, which require fewer qualifications and are more accessible for young people. in addition, governments should also focus on providing more support for young entrepreneurs, as this would allow them to start their own businesses, thus creating more jobs for young people. in conclusion, i disagree that governments ignore the problems faced by young people when running the country. governments should prioritize the concerns of young people, as they are the future of any country. by investing in education, employment, and entrepreneurship, governments can ensure that young people are able to reach their potential, thus allowing the country to make progress and develop.