there is no single answer to this question as it depends on the individuals perspective. some people might agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are, while others might disagree. i believe that, in general, most advertisements do make products seem better than they really are. this is because advertisements are designed to create a positive image of the product and to persuade people to buy it. advertisers use a number of techniques to make products seem better than they really are. for example, they often use superlatives such as the best, the most, and the newest. they also use images and slogans that are attractive and appealing. in addition, they often make unrealistic claims about the products benefits. one reason why advertisements make products seem better than they really are is that they are trying to sell a product. therefore, they need to create a positive image of the product in order to persuade people to buy it. additionally, advertisers know that most people are not very good at evaluating products objectively. so, they use a number of techniques to make the product seem better than it really is. there are a few reasons why people might buy a product even though they know it is not as good as the advertisement makes itseem. firstly, people might be persuaded by the advertisements positive image and buy the product without thinking critically about it. secondly, people might be attracted to the products features or benefits, even though they know that the advertisement is exaggerating. and finally, some people might buy a product because they are desperate or because they do not have a lot of money. in conclusion, i believe that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are. this is because advertisers use a number of techniques to create a positive image of the product and to persuade people to buy it. however, there are a few reasons why people might buy a product even though they know it is not as good as the advertisement makes itseem.