drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle in todays world, cell phones have become an important tool that many people rely on daily. however, cell phone use while driving has become a major safety issue and distraction. there are several reasons why drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any form when operating a vehicle. first and foremost, cell phone use significantly increases the risk of accidents. numerous studies have shown that drivers who use cell phones are much more likely to get into crashes serious enough to result in injury. this is because smartphones distract drivers from the important task of paying attention to the road and other vehicles. even handsfree use of cell phones distracts the brain from focusing fully on operating the vehicle. secondly, cell phone use while driving delays reaction times for drivers. talking, texting or otherwise interacting with a phone prevents drivers from focusing their full attention on their surroundings. this means that drivers are less likely to notice dangerous situations developing on the road and will react more slowly if emergency braking or evasive maneuvers are needed. delays in reaction time can seriously increase the chances of an accident occurring. in addition, cell phone distracted driving puts others at risk, not just the driver. by not paying full attention, cell phone using drivers endanger the lives of passengers in their own vehicle as well as other road users like pedestrians, cyclists and individuals in other vehicles. driving is an action that can have life or death consequences, so anything that distracts from safe operation of a vehicle poses an unacceptable risk. for these important safety reasons, drivers should be banned from using cell phones in any capacity, including both handsfree and handheld phone use, while driving. public safety on roads must take priority over any personal cell phone conversations or tasks. law enforcement also needs effective policies to discourage and penalize cell phone distracted driving. overall road safety will improve if cell phone use becomes prohibited for drivers when they are operating a vehicle.