drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. there are several compelling reasons for this. first and foremost, cell phone use severely distracts drivers from the critical task of navigating traffic safely. talking, texting, or otherwise interacting with a phone engages the mind in a way that takes attention away from the road. numerous studies have shown that even handsfree phone conversations impair drivers ability to follow signs, react to road hazards, maintain speed limits and follow basic traffic laws. any kind of cell phone use requires at least some mental engagement that should be devoted entirely to driving. second, phones present an additional manual distraction for drivers. even if a phone is voiceactivated or handsfree, drivers still tend to glance at screens or manipulate devices in ways that take their hands off the wheel. texting is especially hazardous as it requires visual attention be diverted downward for extended periods. dialing, answering and holding a phone also occupy at least one hand that may be needed for safe vehicle operation. third, cell phone distracted driving poses a severe safety risk. accident reports regularly find cell phone use to be a leading cause of preventable crashes. such crashes can injure or kill drivers but just as easily harm innocent other motorists, cyclists and pedestrians. it does not seem fair or reasonable to endanger public safety for the convenience of phone access during driving. in conclusion, our roads would be safer if cell phone use of any kind was banned for drivers. lives should not be put at risk so that people can text, talk or otherwise use wireless devices behind the wheel. strict limits are needed to curb the pervasive problem and help protect all transportation system users. while phones provide value, their use does not warrant compromising traffic safety and endangering human life. drivers should remain focused solely on the act of driving when lives are at stake with each vehicle in motion.