drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while driving in todays world, cell phones have become nearly ubiquitous. however, the widespread use of cell phones has also introduced dangers when they are used while operating a motor vehicle. there are several compelling reasons why drivers should not be permitted to use cell phones in any capacity when driving. the most important reason is that cell phone use greatly increases distractions for drivers. whether talking, texting, or using apps, cell phones take a drivers eyes off the road and mind off the task of driving. numerous studies have shown that drivers engaged with cell phones are significantly less attentive to their surroundings and less prepared to respond to hazards. this puts not only the cell phone user but other drivers and pedestrians at risk. even handsfree use of cell phones has been found to notably impair driving safety as conversations pull mental resources away from operating the vehicle. cell phone use also increases the likelihood of accidents. research has found drivers who use cell phones are four times more likely to be involved in a car crash serious enough to injure themselves or others. as cell phone distractions only take a drivers attention away from the road for a brief moment, even seeming safe activities like scrolling through music or responding to a text can result in missing important events happening around the vehicle in a matter of seconds. this makes cell phone use behind the wheel reckless and endangers public safety. permitting any cell phone use also may encourage more problematic behaviors like texting. distracted driving due to cell phones kills thousands every year and is a leading factor in auto accidents globally according to who. if the primary goal is reducing traffic fatalities, the most effective policy is a complete ban on nonemergency cell phone use while driving. exceptions cannot be made without jeopardizing lives. other options like bluetooth or handsfree use are stillunsafe distractionsaccording to emerging research. in conclusion, drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any way when operating a vehicle. the consequences of distracted driving due to cell phone use are too severe in terms of accidents, injuries and deaths. a total ban is needed to curb behaviors that threaten public safety on the road. while inconvenient, such restrictions are reasonable to reduce risks and save lives.