art is an expression of human creativity and imagination. it comes in various forms such as paintings, songs, sculptures, and literature. some art is easy to understand, while some are difficult to comprehend. the definition of good art can be relative to the individual. however, to have merit, itshould be understandable to most people. this essay will discuss why i agree with the statement that in order for any work of art to have merit, it must be understandable to most people. first, art is a form of communication. it is a way for an artist to express their ideas, emotions, and feelings to the audience. if most people cannot understand the message, then the art fails to fulfill its purpose. for example, a painting with abstract shapes and colors may be pleasing to the artist, but it may be difficult for the audience to understand the meaning behind it. on the other hand, a painting of a landscape may be easily understood by the audience, and it may evoke emotions and appreciation for the natural beauty depicted. second, art is a reflection of the society and culture it was created in. art can showcase the traditions, customs, and beliefs of the people who created it. if the art is not understandable to most people, then it fails to provide insight into the society and culture it represents. for example, a novel written in an unfamiliar language or with complex vocabulary may not be accessible to people outside of the culture it was written in. however, if the same novel was translated into a language that most people could understand, it would provide insight into the culture and society that it was written in. third, art is a way to connect with the audience. if the audience cannot understand the art, then there is no connection between the artist and the viewer. art should be relatable to the audience so that they can connect with the emotions and ideas expressed in the piece. for example, a song with lyrics that are relatable to the listener can evoke emotions and create a connection between the artist and the audience. however, if the lyrics are too complex or abstract, then the listener may not connect with the song, and it may not have any merit. in conclusion, art is an expression of human creativity and imagination, and itshould be understandable to most people to have merit. art is a form of communication, a reflection of society and culture, and a way to connect with the audience. if the art fails to fulfill any of these purposes, then it may not have merit. therefore, i agree with the statement that in order for any work of art to have merit, it must be understandable to most people.