drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle the use of cell phones while driving has become an epidemic issue on todays roadways. with nearly everyone owning a smartphone that can perform countless distracting functions, it has become incredibly tempting for drivers to engage with their devices while driving. however, the dangers of doing so far outweigh any perceived benefits. using a cell phone while driving, even handsfree, can seriously endanger the lives of the driver as well as others on the road. for this reason, drivers should not be permitted to use cell phones in any capacity when operating a motor vehicle. numerous studies have demonstrated that driving while using a cell phone, whether it is for talking, texting, or other apps, impairs a drivers abilities in many of the same ways that drunk driving does. when focused on a phone, a drivers reaction time slows, their eyes are taken off the road for prolonged periods, and their focus shifts from the dangerous task of driving to the distractions of the phone. this puts not only the phoneusing driver at risk, but also jeopardizes the safety of passengers, pedestrians, cyclists, and other motorists sharing the road. even handsfree use of a cell phone for calls is distracting as the mental capacity required for holding a phone conversation diverts the brain from full attention to the complex act of navigating a vehicle. beyond impaired abilities, cell phone use has been directly linked to an alarming increase in car accidents in recent years. the national highway traffic safety administration estimates that roadway collisions due to cell phone distraction result in over  million crashes annually. being on a phone while driving makes accidents and nearmisses far more likely to occur. texting especially has proven to be an extremely hazardous behavior, as it requires drivers to take their eyes completely off the road for prolonged periods of time. but even handsfree phone conversations or general device manipulation introduces unnecessary cognitive strain into the critical task of driving. with how widespread and accepted cell phone use has become in daily life, a total ban may seem like an unrealistic goal. however, for the safety of all road users, drivers must be responsible for avoiding phone distraction. alternatives like bluetooth, pull over areas, or do not disturb modes can help discourage impulsive phone behaviors that endanger lives. most importantly, motorists need to recognize that driving is a complex task that deserves full mental engagement, not competition with cell phone activities, if we want safer roadways. for the protection of both drivers and the public, a complete prohibition of cell phone use while operating a vehicle is ultimately the most prudent solution.