in recent years, many have argued that a society should prioritize its own overall success over the wellbeing of its individual citizens. although there are certain situations where this may be beneficial, i disagree with this statement and believe that the wellbeing of a societys citizens should always remain the priority. for a society to achieve its greatest potential, its citizens must be healthy and able to contribute to the community. a society that puts its own overall success before the wellbeing of its individual citizens will likely suffer in the long run. for example, if a societys government introduces laws and policies that favor the wealthy and ignore the needs of the poor, this could lead to an increase in poverty, crime, and inequality. this, in turn, will lead to lower economic growth and create a divided society unable to reach its full potential. the wellbeing of a societys citizens should always be considered ahead of its overall success because this is the foundation of a thriving society. a society in which its citizens are happy, healthy and have access to adequate resources is more likely to be successful than one in which they are neglected and denied these basic needs. for example, in the united states, the government has put a great emphasis on providing health coverage to its citizens, which has resulted in a healthier population, higher economic growth, and greater overall success. moreover, a society that puts the wellbeing of its citizens first will have the support of the people, which is essential for a successful society. when citizens are provided with the resources and opportunities they need to succeed, they will be more likely to actively participate in the society and contribute to its growth. for example, when south korea started investing heavily in its citizens education and job opportunities, the country enjoyed tremendous economic success, due to the citizens support and dedication to the countrys growth. in conclusion, while there may be certain situations in which a society should prioritize its own overall success over the wellbeing of its citizens, i believe that the wellbeing of its citizens should always remain the priority. a society that puts the wellbeing of its citizens first will be more likely to achieve its greatest potential and enjoy longterm success.