drivers should not use cell phones in any capacity while driving in todays world, cell phones have become an integral part of many peoples daily lives. however, using a cell phone while driving can distract the driver and endanger lives on the road. for this reason, drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any way when operating a vehicle. there are several reasons why cell phone use behind the wheel is dangerous. firstly, cell phones require both mental and manual attention from the user. answering a call, checking messages or apps, dialling a number  all of these activities require the driver to take their eyes off the road for periods of time. data shows that drivers who use cell phones have slower reaction times and are less aware of their surroundings while driving. this puts not only the driver at risk, but also other motorists, pedestrians and cyclists sharing the road. furthermore, studies have found that driving while distracted by a cell phone is equivalent to, or even worse than, drunk driving in terms of impaired ability. answering or making a call requires the brain to switch attention betweentwo competing tasks  concentrating on driving while also engaging in a phone conversation. this cognitive distraction significantly reduces the drivers ability to focus fully on critical driving functions like steering, changing lanes and responding to hazards. while handsfree options seem safer, research also shows that the cognitive distraction of a phone conversation impairs driving just as much as manual interaction with a device. drivers engaged in phone conversations show reduced awareness, slower reaction times and difficulty multitasking. additionally, studies have shown that handsfree calling does not lessen the crash risk associated with distracted driving. in conclusion, the dangers of distracted driving are clearly evident, and cell phone use has been identified as a major cause of impaired and inattentive driving. to save lives and prevent serious and fatal accidents on the roads, drivers should not be permitted to use any aspect of their cell phones, whether through handsfree or handheld methods, while operating a moving vehicle. public safety should be the top priority in setting laws regulating cell phone usage by drivers. a total ban is the only effective way to curtail this significant threat and reduce accidents caused by distracted driving.