the impact of social media on mental health. in todays world, social media is ubiquitous. people of all ages are connected to their friends and family members through a variety of different platforms, making it easier than ever to stay in touch. however, with the advent of this technology comes concerns regarding its effects on mental health. this essay will discuss the impact that social media has had on mental health from both direct and indirect perspectives. on a direct level, there have been numerous studies conducted which suggest that excessive use of social media can lead to decreased wellbeing due to feelings of isolation or depression caused by comparing ones life to other peoples lives as they are portrayed online. when a person views themselves compared against others who seem happy or successful in pictures or status updates, it can create an unbalanced perspective where individuals feel inadequate when comparing their own lives at face value. its easy for users to become caught up in an endless cycle wherein they seek validation through likes and comments but never get enough because these metrics do not equate reallife connections thus creating an unhealthy feedback loop which can be detrimental to ones psychological state. additionally, cyberbullying has seen a dramatic rise since the advent of social media as well according the cyberbullying research center , roughly  of adolescents report being victims within the past year alone. these events combined with general feelings exacerbated by viewing highly filtered images could create conditions for less overall interactions between peers which may leave them feeling lonely and disconnected from their peers regardless if those peers are virtual or physical entities alike . thus, it is clear that using too much social media could be hazardous for some individuals mental health directly due to its ability isolating users from important human interaction points either virtually or physically . on an indirect level , research suggests that exposure even just passively scrolling through news feeds without engaging  produced anxiety related symptoms such as rumination about perceived inadequ