statements about the future are always extremely unpredictable. they can change at any time and for any reason. therefore, it is impossible to predict exactly what will happen in the near future. however, we can make some educated guesses based on what we know about how the world works today and what is likely to happen over the next few decades. the following is a list of some of the factors that will likely have an impact on the number of cars that are used in  years. . automobiles will become more fuel efficient. in the united states, the average fuel efficiency of new cars has increased from . miles per gallon mpg in  to . mpg in . this increase is due to a combination of improvements in vehicle design, fuel economy standards, and increased use of alternative fuels such as ethanol and biodiesel. as a result of these improvements, americans are driving fewer miles on their cars than they were in . according to the u. s. energy information administration eia, the percentage of americans who drive less than , miles a year has decreased by more than onethird since the early s. by , eia projects that this percentage will decrease even further, to just over half of all americans. . more people will use public transportation. public transportation has been growing rapidly in recent years and is expected to continue to do so as the population continues to grow and more people move to urban areas. a recent study by the american public transportation association apta predicts that public transit ridership will increase by nearly  percent between  and . . people will buy more electric cars. electric vehicles evs are becoming increasingly popular and are projected to become the most popular type of vehicle by . evs are more efficient than gasolinepowered vehicles and can be charged at home or at public charging stations, making them more convenient and costeffective for people who do not want to own a car. evs are also more environmentally friendly than conventional vehicles, as they emit less carbon dioxide and other pollutants when they are running. . cars will get more expensive. although the price of gasoline has remained relatively stable since , gasoline prices have increased by an average of about  percent per year