dear senator, i am writing to express my strong support for changing our presidential election system to one decided by popular vote rather than the electoral college. while the electoral college system was established by the founders with the aim of creating a localized, representative election, evidence shows that it no longer serves this purpose and often produces results at odds with the will of the people. one of the main counterarguments to abandoning the electoral college is that it encourages candidates to build broader coalitions and avoid focusing only on a few highly populated areas. however, data shows that presidential campaigns are already overwhelmingly focused on a handful of swing states under the current system. according to national popular vote tracker websites, over  of campaign events and nearly all campaign ad spending in the  election were concentrated in just six states. such narrow targeting undermines the goal of encouraging geographically diverse support. it is also argued that without the electoral college, small states would lose their influence. but according to united states census data,  of americans live in urban areas that are concentrated in just  states. thus, the current system arguably favors rural voters over the urban majority. a national popular vote would give every american citizen an equal vote regardless of geographic location. it would better reflect the will of all americans rather than depending on the outcome in a few swing states. most importantly, there have now been two presidential elections this century where the winner of the national popular vote did not win the electoral college. this defies the fundamental principle of one person, one vote. as long as it remains possible for a candidate to lose the national vote but win in the arbitrary statebystate electoral college process, faith in our democratic system will continue to erode. for these reasons, i strongly believe we should transition to a national popular vote for electing the president. thank you for your consideration of this important issue. please let me know if you have any other questions. sincerely, your name