the education system in many countries places an undue emphasis on examinations, especially those that are geared towards preparing students for college entrance exams. however, this examcentric approach has been criticized for hindering students creativity and allround development. to address this issue, some people advocate for the complete abolition of the examination system. while this may seem like a good idea in theory, it could lead to other problems such as privilege and discrimination. one of the main arguments in favor of abolishing the examination system is that itstifles creativity and critical thinking. because students are so focused on memorizing information and passing exams, they dont have the opportunity to develop their own ideas and express themselves creatively. this can be detrimental to their future success, as the ability to think outside the box is highly valued in many fields. however, completely abolishing the examination system is not a feasible solution. one of the reasons for this is that it would create a system of privilege and discrimination. without national entrance exams, colleges would have to rely on other criteria to admit students, such as their grades or extracurricular activities. this could lead to a situation where wealthy students with access to better resources and opportunities have an advantage over their less privileged peers. furthermore, national entrance exams ensure that all students are held to the same standard. this helps to promote fairness and equal opportunity in education. if exams were abolished, there would be no objective measure of students abilities, which could lead to further inequalities in the education system. that being said, there are ways to reform the examination system without completely abolishing it. for example, exams could be designed to assess a wider range of skills, such as critical thinking and problemsolving. additionally, teachers could be trained to teach in a more creative and engaging way, which would help students to develop their own ideas and express themselves more freely. in conclusion, while the examination system has its flaws, completely abolishing it is not the answer. doing so would create more problems than itsolves, including issues of privilege and discrimination. instead, we should focus on reforming the system to promote creativity and allround development, while still maintaining a fair and objective measure of students abilities.