when i was a student, i always used a calculator in my classes. however, i noticed that my spelling ability was deteriorating. eventually, i realized that my reliance on calculators was affecting my spelling. edictionaries are becoming increasingly popular in english classes. however, there are some teachers who think that the overuse of edictionaries might have more disadvantages than advantages for english learning. for example, reliance on edictionaries may lead to the deterioration of our spelling ability. there are a few reasons why relying on edictionaries may lead to the deterioration of our spelling ability. first, when we use edictionaries, we are biased to use the computerized spell checker. this type of spell checker is designed to correct our spelling mistakes as we type. however, this type of spell checker may not be as accurate as a human spell checker. second, when we rely on edictionaries, we may not be practicing our spelling skills as much as we should. for example, if we are learning to spell lumber, we may be better off trying to spell it out loud a few times and then looking up the correct spelling in an edictionary. this type of practice will help us to improve our spelling skills. finally, relying on edictionaries can lead to the incorrect use of spellings. for example, if we are trying to spell the word gleam, we may be tempted to use the computerized spell checkers option that suggests the word glitter. this type of incorrect spelling is usually caught by a human spell checker, but it can be harmful if we are trying to spell a word correctly for a test. in conclusion, reliance on edictionaries can lead to the deterioration of our spelling ability. however, there are a few things that students can do to prevent this from happening. first, students should try to practice their spelling skills as much as possible. second, students should be aware of the different spellings that are available and which ones are most likely to be used in a particular context. finally, students should use a human spell checker when possible to ensure that their spelling is correct.