in todays world, advertising is everywhere. whether we are watching tv, browsing the internet, or scrolling through social media, we are constantly bombarded with ads. the purpose of many of these advertisements is to convince us to buy a product so that we can be like the person in the ad. while some people may argue that this practice is manipulative, i believe that it is effective and can actually help people feel better about themselves. in this essay, i will explain why i agree with this statement and provide some examples to support my position. first of all, it is important to understand that people often buy products not just for their practical benefits, but also for the emotional benefits they provide. for example, someone may buy a designer handbag not just because it is durable and functional, but also because it makes them feel stylish and fashionable. in this sense, advertising that focuses on the emotional benefits of a product can be very effective. by showing us images of happy, confident people who are using the product, advertisers are tapping into our desire to feel those same emotions. when we see someone who looks happy and successful because they are using a particular product, we may be more likely to buy that product ourselves in the hopes that it will make us feel the same way. moreover, the be like approach to advertising can actually be empowering for consumers. by showing us images of people who we admire or want to be like, advertisers are encouraging us to think about our own goals and aspirations. for example, if we see an ad for a gym that features a fit, toned woman, we may be inspired to start working out ourselves so that we can achieve that same level of fitness. in this sense, advertising can be a positive force in our lives, motivating us to make changes and improvements to ourselves. of course, there are also some negative aspects to the be like approach to advertising. for example, it can be seen as perpetuating unrealistic beauty standards or consumerism. however, i believe that the benefits of this type of advertising outweigh the drawbacks. ultimately, it is up to individual consumers to decide whether they want to buy a product or not, and whether they feel that the emotional benefits of that product outweigh any negatives. in conclusion, i believe that the be like approach to advertising is effective because it taps into our desire to feel happy, confident, and successful. while some people may argue that this practice is manipulative or damaging, i believe that it can actually be empowering for consumers, encouraging us to think about our own goals and aspirations. of course, it is important to approach advertising with a critical eye and not simply buy into every message we see, but overall i believe that advertising can be a positive force in our lives.