it is often said that knowledge is power, and nowhere can this be truer than in the field of computer programming. as technology advances and more people become comfortable with computers, having a good understanding of their inner workings will stand to benefit those who possess it. the purpose of this essay is to discuss the importance of learning the basics of computer programming for todays world. computer programming has been an integral part of our lives for many years now, providing solutions to complex tasks and facilitating activities such as communication, data storage, game playing and so on. however, as technology grows evermore sophisticated by leaps and bounds every day, it becomes increasingly necessary to have a basic understanding of how these programs work in order to make full use out of them otherwise one risks being left behind while everyone else reaps the benefits they offer. computer programs are essentially collections instructions which tell a machine what it needs do by knowing how these instructions work together we gain greater control over our machines allowing us to manipulate them into doing exactly what we want them do instead if relying solely on what others provide us with. one way through which learning basic computer programming can help is through writing algorithms or automating tedious tasks that would otherwise take much longer when done manually. for example say you wanted create your own system which would automatically send emails at certain times each day  you could write some code which does just that after spending some time researching about email protocols first! other applications include creating websites easily without needing know html or other web languages developing programs for mobile phones without needing download those expensive software packages offered online etc., all simply by taking advantage off existing frameworks available from companies like apple and google. additionally, knowing even basics like javascript a widely used language can open up opportunities such as getting internshipsjobs related coding or building custom applications tailored specifically towards your requirements rather then using ones already made available elsewhere which may not necessarily suit all needs. in conclusion it should