when people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. this can really help them make a better choice. one reason is that different people have different ideas and perspectives. if someone only talks to one person, they might not get the whole picture. for example, if someone is trying to decide if they should get a dog, they might ask their friend who has a dog and their parents who dont have a dog. their friend might say that having a dog is really fun and that its great to have a companion. but their parents might say that having a dog is a lot of work and that its expensive. if the person only talked to their friend, they might not have considered the responsibility of taking care of a dog. but if they talked to their parents too, they would have a better understanding of what its like to have a dog and they could make a more informed decision. another reason seeking multiple opinions can help is that it can help someone avoid bias. if someone only talks to one person, they might just hear what they want to hear. for example, if someone is trying to decide if they should take a certain class, they might ask their teacher who thinks the class is really important. but if they also talked to a student who took the class and didnt like it, they might have a different perspective. this would help the person make a more balanced decision. also, seeking multiple opinions can give someone more confidence in their decision. if several people agree on the same thing, its probably a good choice. for example, if someone is trying to decide if they should try out for the school play, they might ask their drama teacher, their friends who are in the play, and their parents. if all of them say that they should try out, then they would feel more confident in their decision. in conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can really help someone make a better choice. it helps them get a more wellrounded view of the situation, avoid bias, and feel more confident in their decision. so next time you have to make a decision, dont be afraid to ask more than one person for advice!