since the dawn of the technological age, technology has vastly changed the way we live and communicate. it has helped to bridge distances and bring people from all over the world closer together, hath enabled us to share information quickly and securely, and has made it easier than ever to shop for essential items. in fact, without technology, most of the of the conveniences that a lot of us now take for grantedsuch as dial up internet access, online banking, and shopping through ecommerce websiteswould not be available. however, technology also poses some negative implications to daily life. from intrusive surveillance, to cyberbullying, to the expensiveness of much of the technology available, people must be vigilant in order to maintain a balance between the two. when it comes to communication, technology has done amazing things to help keep us connected. video chat services, such as skype, have clearly made it easier to keep in touch with friends and family who live far away. social networks, such as facebook, have made it easier to maintain relationships with people that we may not be able to physically meet up with. and email has been incredibly useful for starting and maintaining dialogue with someone without needing to set aside a large block of time for a meeting or a phone call. shopping has also been made infinitely simpler and more convenient with technology. thanks to the advent of the internet, we can now order virtually anything we need from our computers and phones, and it gets delivered right to our doorstep. this has revolutionized our shopping habits and allowed people to live much more easily and independently. but as with any powerful tool, technology can also be used for less than altruistic purposes. cyberbullying, for example, is one of the easiest ways for people to take advantage of the anonymity the internet provides to attack and harass someone without fear of repercussion. this type of bullying is especially difficult for parents and educators to deal with, since the harmful messages can be so quickly sent and spread. overall, technology has had a profound impact on peoples lives, both good and bad. with increasing access to more powerful, affordable devices, this impact is only going to continue to grow. although it is important to remember that there are still potential issues, technology continues to unlock more and more opportunities in our everyday lives that simply didnt exist before.