the topic of this essay will be the impact of technology on modern society. technology has undoubtedly revolutionized our way of life, and it is hard to imagine a world without its presence. it has allowed us access to information at unprecedented speeds, made communication easier than ever before, facilitated economic transactions both large and small, and changed the way we do almost everything in our daily lives. one of the most significant impacts that technology has had on modern society is that it has enabled people from different parts of the world to stay connected through social media platforms such as facebook, instagram and twitter. with just one click we can communicate with friends across continents or see pictures or videos posted by strangers over thousands of miles away! this easy connectivity allows us to feel more connected even though we are physically apart relationships are no longer limited by distance but instead strengthened by continual interaction regardless where each person may be located geographically speaking. technology also provides immense opportunities for those who seek them out. we now have access to online education courses from some of the best universities around the globe  so anyone looking to further their knowledge can easily find suitable materials without having geographical limitations holding them back! similarly with digital banking services which make money transfers between parties much faster and easier than ever before businesses have been able to expand their reach while individuals benefit too given they can now sendreceive money quickly from anywhere in the world when needed such as paying bills etc.. . however despite all these positives there comes a few negatives that cannot be overlooked either cyberbullying for instance is an example worth highlighting due to its potential harmful effects beyond what physical bullying could cause previously since theres no escape once something goes viral online  leading victims into feeling isolated  helpless due lack support available in such situations whereas physical bullies could still receive sympathyhelp eventually if caught in addition addiction towards particular apps such as gaming should not go ignored either  although technological advancements certainly helps improve productivity significantly