puppy mills a look into the dark side of puppy breeding. a puppy mill is a type of commercial dogbreeding facility where puppies are bred with little or no regard for their health and wellbeing. the purpose of these properties is to produce as many puppies as possible, often in deplorable conditions, for sale through pet stores or directly to consumers. while there may be some responsible breeders operating under the label puppy mills, more often than not they are associated with overcrowding, unsanitary living spaces, poor nutrition, inadequate veterinary care and general mistreatment of animals. the origin of puppy mills can be traced back to the s when pet stores began selling purebred dogs from large breeding operations that were established to maximize profits rather than protecting animal welfare. these highvolume facilities rely on reproducing female dogs until they develop medical problems and then discarding them in favor of new stock most do not provide basic needs such as grooming or regular vet visits because it would cut into their profits. this has led to an industry rife with animal abuse cases ranging from untreated medical issues due to lack of veterinary care to starvation due to low quality food rations. in some extreme cases animals have even been found dead in cages at these so called mills. . unfortunately this problem goes far beyond just the physical suffering experienced by these pets it also affects our society at large since poorly kept animals are more prone towards disease spread and other social epidemics like rabies outbreaks . additionally , aside from the direct harm caused by neglectful breeders , irresponsible adoption practices make it easy for families to unknowingly purchase sickly pups that may require expensive treatments down the road . furthermore , buying anything produced in a puppy mill supports an unethical business model which encourages continued exploitation . . in order combat this problem head on we must first raise awareness about what constitutes a responsibly run breeder  one who