it is right that college graduates earn higher salaries than the less welleducated in the community. but they should also pay the full cost of their study. there are a few reasons why college graduates should pay the full cost of their education. first, college is an expensive investment. it takes many years and a lot of hard work to earn a degree, and students should not be able to take advantage of the system and receive a free education. second, college graduates are likely to have higher salaries than those who do not have a college degree. a college degree is a valuable asset, and students should be able to reap the benefits of that investment. finally, college is a valuable experience. college graduates are more likely to find jobs that match their skills and interests, and they are more likely to be successful in their careers. all of these reasons make it right that college graduates should pay the full cost of their education. college is an investment, and students should be able to reap the benefits of that investment. college is a valuable experience, and students should be able to use that experience to find jobs that match their skills and interests. finally, college graduates are more likely to be successful in their careers. there are a few exceptions to this rule. for example, students who are unable to afford college should be able to receive financial assistance from the government or their parents. students who are unable to find jobs after they graduate should also be able to receive government assistance. these exceptions should be made only in cases of extreme hardship, and students should be responsible for paying back the government or their parents if they are able to find a job. overall, college graduates should pay the full cost of their education. college is an expensive investment, and students should be able to reap the benefits of that investment. college is a valuable experience, and students should be able to use that experience to find jobs that match their skills and interests. finally, college graduates are more likely to be successful in their careers.