passage  cars are the main source of air pollution in cities, causing harmful levels of nitrogen dioxide and particulate matter, according to a study by the european public health alliance epha. the report, which analysed data from more than  cities, found that  of the urban population are living in areas with dangerously high levels of these pollutants, with diesel vehicles the main culprit. passage  the city of madrid has launched a plan to reduce traffic and improve air quality. the scheme will ban most petrol and diesel cars from the center of the city as early as november and will be fully implemented by . the initiative is designed to reduce nitrogen dioxide levels by  and has been praised by both greenpeace and the european commission. the mayor of madrid, manuela carmena, said we need to reclaim the center of the city for the use of the people, not the cars. passage  the city of oslo has set a goal of becoming carfree by . the norwegian capital will ban all cars from the city center and invest heavily in public transport and infrastructure for cyclists and pedestrians. the plan is expected to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by  and improve air quality. the mayor of oslo, marianne borgen, said we want to have a carfree city center. we want to make it better for walkers, cyclists. it will be a better city to live in. passage  the city of paris has launched a bikesharing scheme called vélib. the initiative, which has been hugely successful, allows residents and visitors to rent bikes for short journeys around the city. the scheme has been credited with reducing traffic congestion, improving air quality and promoting healthy living. the mayor of paris, anne hidalgo, said we need to change the way we move around the city. we need to reduce the number of cars on the roads and promote sustainable modes of transport. limiting car usage can have many advantages, both for individuals and for society as a whole. firstly, it can help to reduce air pollution, which is a major health concern in many cities around the world. as the first passage highlights, cars are the main source of air pollution in urban areas, causing harmful levels of nitrogen dioxide and particulate matter. by