it is often argued that young people no longer invest enough time in helping their communities. while it is true that there has been a decrease in the number of people aged  volunteering their time, it needs to be taken into consideration that young people today have more responsibilities and commitments than ever before. therefore, it is my opinion that young people are still actively involved in helping their communities and that it is unfair to say they are not doing enough. firstly, young people today have a much higher level of education than generations before them. with college and university degrees becoming more commonplace, young people often have to commit to long hours of study and internships, leaving them with limited time for other activities. therefore, although the number of young people volunteering their time may be lower than previous generations, it is only due to the fact that they have so much work to do in order to secure their future. secondly, many young people are now living in cities, where it is much harder to get involved in community work. in rural areas, where the community is much closer, it is easier to find ways to help out. however, in cities, the community is much more spread out and it is often difficult to find ways to lend a hand. therefore, it is understandable that young people in cities may not be able to commit as much time to helping their communities as those in rural areas. thirdly, many young people today are working fulltime jobs, often with long hours and low pay. this leaves them with very little free time to volunteer or help out in their communities. additionally, most young people are living on a tight budget and cannot afford to donate money to charities or other causes. therefore, they may feel that they cannot do much to help their communities, when in fact they are doing more than they realize. finally, young people today have access to a range of technology and social media platforms that allow them to get involved in their communities in different ways. for example, they can use technology to raise awareness about issues and causes, or to connect with other people who are working to help their communities. this means that young people can still make a difference, even if they are unable to give up their time or money to do so. in conclusion, while it is true that the number of young people volunteering their time may be lower than in previous generations, this does not mean that young people are not actively involved in helping their communities. they may be limited by their commitments and responsibilities, but they can still make a difference in other ways, such as through technology and social media. therefore, it is unfair to say that young people are not doing enough to help their communities.