in recent years, many people have become more concerned about the importance of degree certificates. many argue that, if this trend continues, young people may be misled by the degree certificates they receive. a degree certificate can only reflect a persons academic achievements, not all of their abilities. this can be detrimental to young people if they do not have other abilities which are important for a successful career. one example of an ability which is often overlooked is peoples networking skills. a degree certificate can be the only indication that someone has these skills, and they may not be able to use them in a career if they do not have them. networks are important in many professions, and people without them may not be able to find a job. another example of an ability which is often overlooked is peoples creativity. a degree certificate can be the only indication that someone has these skills, and they may not be able to use them in a career if they do not have them. a degree in creative arts can be great for a career in advertising, for example, but a degree in engineering may be better for someone who wants to work in a technical field. people also forget that some jobs require college degrees, but not all jobs do. for example, many fast food restaurants do not require a degree, but many prestigious companies do. a degree can be a great asset, but it is not the only one. some people argue that degree certificates should not be the only indication of someones ability. they argue that people should be judged on their achievements, not their degrees. this is a valid point, and many employers are starting to take this into account. however, it is difficult to change the way people are judged overnight. in conclusion, i do not agree that degree certificates should be the only indication of someones ability. i think that people should be judged on their achievements, not their degrees. however, i do think that degree certificates should be an important part of someones resume.