there are many aspects of the history and culture of japan that make it unique, from its cuisine to its extraordinary festivals. however, one of the most interesting and distinctive features is japanese calligraphy. as an art form spanning centuries, this practice has become deeply ingrained in japanese society and continues to be a major part of traditional culture even today. japanese calligraphy is known as shodō 書道 in which characters are written with brush strokes on paper or silk cloth according to set rules. the correct use of these brush strokes conveys strength, gracefulness, balance and beauty while also expressing each individuals feelings through their writing style. this art form has been passed down through generations for hundreds of years with each generation developing their own techniques based on those before them. the main tool used by practitioners is ink made from sumi 墨, a special type created using soot collected from burning dried pine branches mixed with glue made from sticky rice flour  giving it a strong black color reflective of japans famous night sky. a soft bristled brush called fude 筆 creates pressure against the paper surface as words are formed into shapes that represent certain ideas or feelings being expressed during the writing process  creating a physical connection between writer and text that surpasses language boundaries. all levels can partake in this intriguing activity whether they want to learn more about traditional aesthetics or simply enjoy getting creative there are classes available at various locations allowing people all around the world to experience this artistic craft firsthand! beginners can start off using premade templates provided by teachers who will critique their work throughout the learning process until they have achieved perfectionism according to expert standards  providing aspiring writers with newfound confidence and knowledge about what makes up good calligraphic works . though some may think it difficult due to its complexity , if you persevere your skills will grow over time eventually leading towards stunningly beautiful pieces filled with