nowadays, people have paid more and more attention to degree certificates. for example, in many institutions, ones promotion is primarily decided by whether one has obtained a graduate degree or not. a growing number of critics say that if this tendency goes to the extreme, young people may be misled. a degree certificate can reflect only ones academic achievements but not all abilities essential for successful career. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of roughly  words. i agree that if the current trend of valuing degree certificates to the exclusion of all else continues, it could lead young people astray. a degree certificate is proof that a person has completed a certain level of education, and while this achievement should be respected, it is not the beall and endall of success. to use degree certificates as the primary gauge of a persons worth is to ignore other important factors, such as experience, drive, and creativity. there are many examples of successful people who have not completed a formal education. bill gates, for instance, is a college dropout, yet he is one of the richest and most influential people in the world. the late steve jobs was another college dropout who went on to change the world with his innovative products. these men are proof that a piece of paper is not necessary for success. there are also many examples of people with degrees who have not gone on to have successful careers. in my own country, there is a saying that the roads are full of lawyers, meaning that there are far too many people with law degrees and not enough positions for them. many of these people will never work as lawyers, yet they spent years and a lot of money getting their degree. i believe that the current trend of valuing degree certificates too highly is a mistake. a degree is not the only indicator of a persons worth, and to focus on it to the exclusion of all else is shortsighted. we should respect degrees and the hard work that goes into earning them, but we should also remember that there are many other paths to success.