computer games are loved by children and adults alike. the reason why they are so popular is mainly because they are a great way for children to learn new things and have fun. however, some people think that computer games have produced more negative effects than positive ones on childrens physical, intellectual as well as psychological development. consequently, they suggest that effective measures should be taken to prevent children from playing them. one of the most common problems that computer games can cause is that they can be very addictive. children who are addicted to computer games often find it hard to break the habit. this can lead to them spending more and more time playing the game, which can cause them to lose touch with reality. it also can make them less motivated to learn or do other things. another common problem is that computer games can be very dangerous. children who play computer games often do not know what they are getting themselves into. they can become very injured or even killed. this can have a very negative effect on their development, both physically and mentally. most of the people who argue that computer games have negative effects on childrens development are not actually children themselves. they are adults who have already had some experience with computer games. these people are usually people who are not interested in helping children grow up healthy and happy. one of the best ways to prevent children from playing computer games is to make sure that they are not really interested in them. this can be done by education. it is also important to make sure that the games that children play are not too dangerous. if they are, then they should be removed from the classroom. finally, it is important to remember that computer games are not the only things that can be bad for children. other things that can also have a negative effect on their development include television, books, and other forms of communication. therefore, it is important that parents be aware of the dangers that computer games pose to their children.