there is no question that young people today are less engaged in the community than in the past. a study by the national study of youth and religion found that only about onethird of american adults under the age of  identify as religious, compared to around twothirds of adults over the age of . and while there are many reasons for this decline in religious participation, one of the most likely explanations is that young adults are spending less time in community service. a recent study by the national service project found that only  of americans aged  volunteer time each month, compared to  of americans aged  and  of americans aged . and when it comes to volunteering in their local community, young adults are even less likely to participate only  of  to yearolds volunteer in their community monthly, compared to  of  to yearolds and  of adults aged  to . there are a number of reasons why young adults might be less engaged in community service. for one, many young adults are juggling a lot of responsibilities at once. they may be juggling work, school, socializing, and other activities, which can make it difficult to find time to volunteer. additionally, many young adults may not feel that their contributions to their local community are particularly valuable. however, there are also some factors that suggest that young adults are not giving community service the attention it deserves. for one, community service is not always a popular subject to talk about. many people may not feel comfortable discussing their volunteer work with their friends or family, which can lead to less engagement overall. additionally, many young adults may not have the experience or skills necessary to be effective community service volunteers. so while it is clear that young adults are less engaged in community service than in the past, this does not mean that they are not making a positive impact. in fact, many young adults are making a significant difference by working on behalf of their local communities. they are working to improve the quality of life for their neighbors, and they are helping to build a more fair and equitable society.