nowadays people often speak about our society and the behaviour of our different generations. they say that young people have more freedom, more opportunities, and that they have a better understanding of the world around them. this is true, but it is not the whole truth. the truth is that the younger generation has less freedom and less opportunities than the older generation. we live in a society that is controlled by a small group of people who have the power to decide what we do and how we live our lives. these people are called the rich and powerful. it is they who decide whether or not we can go to university, whether we get a good job, how much we earn, what kind of car we drive, who we are allowed to date, where we go on holiday and so on. if you are a young person living in britain today, chances are that you will be poorer than your parents were when they were your age. you will have less money to spend on yourself and your friends, less chance of getting a job that will allow you to make a decent living and more chances of ending up on the dole or worse still, in prison. in the last few years, there has been a huge increase in the number of children being taken into care because their parents are too poor to look after them properly. many of these children end up in childrens homes, some of which are run by religious organisations. there are many children in these homes who are not being properly looked after and are at risk of developing serious mental and physical health problems as a result of neglect and abuse. children in care are also more likely to be victims of sexual abuse than other children because they are more vulnerable to abuse because of their age and lack of knowledge about how to protect themselves from it. i believe that we need to change the way we look at our children and treat them as individuals, not just as members of a group. that is why i have set up the young peoples trust, a charity that aims to improve the lives of all children, young and old, by giving them the best possible start in life.