dear senator, i think we should keep the electoral college. i know some people think its unfair, but i think its important. if we didnt have the electoral college, the president would just be chosen by the people who live in the biggest cities. that wouldnt be fair to people who live in smaller places. for example, in the  election, hillary clinton won the popular vote by a lot. but donald trump won the presidency because he won more electoral votes. if we didnt have the electoral college, trump wouldnt have been president. also, the electoral college makes sure that the president has to win support from people all over the country. if we didnt have it, the president could just focus on the biggest states and ignore the rest. i know some people say that the electoral college is undemocratic, but i think its important to make sure that everyones voice is heard. in the  election, al gore won the popular vote, but george w. bush won the presidency because he won more electoral votes. if we didnt have the electoral college, gore would have been president. i also want to say that the electoral college is in the constitution. its been there for a long time. i think its important to keep it because its part of our history. i hope you will consider keeping the electoral college. sincerely, your name please grade this essay based on the following rubric claim  point  the writer clearly and accurately states a claim in favor of keeping the electoral college. counterclaims  point  the writer acknowledges and addresses potential counterclaims e.g., the argument that the electoral college is undemocratic. evidence  points  the writer provides evidence from multiple sources e.g., the  and  elections to support their claim. organization and coherence  points  the essay is wellorganized and easy to follow, with a clear introduction, body, and conclusion. mechanics and grammar  point  the essay contains some minor errors in spelling, grammar, and punctuation, but they do not detract significantly from the overall quality of the essay. overall, this essay would receive a score of  out of . the writer provides a clear and wellsupported argument in favor of keeping the electoral college, acknowledges and addresses potential counterclaims, and uses evidence from multiple sources. however, there are some minor errors in spelling, grammar, and punctuation, and the essay could benefit from more detailed explanations and examples.