many people prefer to travel with groups with tour guides, but i totally do not agree with this way of travel. there are many reasons why i dont like the idea of traveling in groups. first of all, i think its a waste of time and money. if youre going to spend a lot of money on a trip, you might as well spend it on something that will make your trip more enjoyable. secondly, it can be very difficult to get along with other people when you are traveling with a large group of people. its very easy to feel like you have to be on the same page as everyone else in order to have a good time. thirdly, there is a tendency for people in large groups to become very selfcentered. they become so focused on themselves that they forget to take care of the people around them. this is especially true when it comes to eating and drinking. ive seen many people who have been traveling for a long time, and they still have no idea how to eat and drink properly when theyre traveling. when i was traveling around the world with my family, we had a very strict rule that we didnt eat or drink anything that wasnt brought to us by someone else. we also had to bring our own toilet paper, soap, toothpaste, shampoo, deodorant, shaving cream, etc. when we went on vacation. these are all very basic things that most people take for granted, yet they are very important to having a great time on your travels. what do you think is the most important thing to remember when traveling? i would say that you should always be prepared for any situation that may come your way. you should know what to do in the event of an emergency. for example, if you find yourself in an area where there are no hotels or hostels, then you need to find a place to stay that is close to where you want to go. also, make sure that your passport is valid for at least six months before you leave the country. make sure you know how long your visa will last, so you can plan accordingly. lastly, always carry a cell phone with you, just in case you run out of battery power or your phone gets lost or stolen.