there is no single answer to the question of whether young people nowadays give enough time to helping their communities. some people might say that, given the opportunities available to them, todays young people are more engaged in helping their communities than ever before. others might say that, despite the availability of opportunities, young people are not as engaged as they should be. both sides of the argument have valid points. on the one hand, there are countless examples of young people who have dedicated themselves to helping others. for example, there are many young people who work with charities or volunteer their time to help those in need. on the other hand, there are also many young people who seem to be more interested in their own lives and their own happiness than in helping others. there are a number of reasons why young people might not be as engaged in helping their communities as they should be. one reason is that young people are often busy with their own lives. they may be working or going to school, and they may not have the time to volunteer or to participate in other activities that would help their communities. another reason is that young people may not feel like they have the power to make a difference. they may not feel like they can do anything to solve the worlds problems, and so they may not see the point in trying. despite these reasons, i believe that young people should be more engaged in helping their communities. one reason for this is that young people have a lot of energy and enthusiasm, which can be put to good use in helping others. another reason is that young people are often more connected to technology than older people, and they can use this technology to help others. for example, they can use social media to spread awareness about important issues or to raise money for charity. in conclusion, there are good reasons why young people might not be as engaged in helping their communities as they should be. however, i believe that young people have a lot to offer, and they should be doing more to help others.