the effects of air pollution on urban wildlife is a growing concern, as more and more cities become overpopulated with humans. with the increased number of cars and factories emitting toxic gases into the atmosphere, animals living in densely populated areas are especially vulnerable to these pollutants. air pollutants such as ozone, nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide and carbon monoxide can cause serious respiratory problems for animals that breathe them in every day. in fact, these toxins can also be absorbed through their skin or fur from contaminated soil or water sources. this makes urban wildlife particularly prone to developing diseases like asthma due to longterm exposure. additionally, when food sources are contaminated by chemical runoff or dumped waste products from industry, this further adversely affects animal healthleading to poor body condition and even death in extreme cases. not only can air pollution harm physical health but it can also impair cognitive abilities leading to behavioral changes in some species birds have been found to suffer reduced navigational skills while rats display abnormal fear responses due to pollutant ingestion. furthermore, certain contaminants may interfere with hormone systems which could disrupt reproductive cycles and create developmental anomaliesdecimating populations of particular species altogether if left unchecked. fortunately there have been regulatory measures put in place by governments around the world aimed at curbing emissions that pollute our environment however this alone will not solve all issues relating to air pollutions effect on wild life within cities unless citizens take part too by reducing vehicle usage where possible and disposing trash properly instead of leaving it out for scavenging predators! ultimately proactive steps need to be taken both domestically and internationally if we wish future generations of humans and other creatures aliketo enjoy clean air without suffering any detrimental consequences from its contamination .