it is a popular belief that modern work is more stressful and less leisurely than in the past. while i do agree that there are some aspects of work that may make it more stressful in comparison to the past, i believe that overall work today is more leisurely and provides more opportunities for relaxation than ever before. one of the main reasons why work is more stressful today is that the demands have increased significantly. in the past, employees could often get away with doing the bare minimum to get their job done, whereas now employers expect more from their employees and are usually looking for individuals who can take initiative and handle more responsibility. this increased pressure can be very stressful for many people. however, i believe that work today is still more leisurely than it was in the past. for example, technology has made it possible for many people to work from home, which takes away the stress of having to commute to a physical office every day. additionally, many jobs now offer flexible work hours, allowing people to structure their workdays however they like. this can provide employees with the opportunity to take breaks throughout the day, spend more time with family, or pursue hobbies in the evenings and on weekends. in addition to this, employers today have become much more understanding of their employees needs and are likely to provide more accommodating working conditions when necessary. for example, many companies now provide workplace support for employees who are struggling with stress or mental health issues, as well as more generous vacation and sick leave policies. this understanding and support can help to reduce feelings of stress and pressure in the workplace. overall, while work today certainly can be more stressful in certain respects, i believe that overall it is more leisurely than in the past. thanks to modern technology and employers increased understanding of their employees needs, work today offers more opportunities for relaxation and leisure than ever before.