nowadays, senior high school students in china are totally tired of various kinds of examinations given by their teachers in preparing for the future college entrance examinations, which is commonly known as gaokao. it is generally agreed that this kind of examination system has destroyed students creative thinking abilities and hindered their allround development. however, the views on how to remedy the situation are various. some people suggest that this type of examination system should be abolished completely while others think the abolishment of the examination system will bring about more problems than solutions. the college entrance examination, as an important way to select talents, has been implemented for a long time in china. however, with the development of society, this kind of examination system has been increasingly criticized. the main reason is that it has destroyed students creative thinking abilities and hindered their allround development. first of all, the college entrance examination system has destroyed students creative thinking abilities. in order to get high scores in the college entrance examination, students have to remember a lot of knowledge by rote, which leaves no room for them to think creatively. as a result, their creative thinking abilities are seriously damaged. secondly, the college entrance examination system has hindered students allround development. in order to get high scores in the college entrance examination, students have to spend most of their time and energy on studying, which leaves them no time and energy to develop their other abilities. as a result, their allround development is seriously hindered. in view of the abovementioned problems, some people suggest that this kind of examination system should be abolished completely. they think that the abolition of the examination system will enable students to develop their abilities more freely and creatively. however, i think the abolition of the examination system will bring about more problems than solutions. first of all, without a national entrance examination, we will have problems of privileges and discrimination. for example, some rich parents will send their children to expensive private schools, which will give them an unfair advantage over other students. secondly, without a national entrance examination, we will have problems of chaos and disorder. for example, some colleges and universities will lower their admission standards in order to attract more students, which will lead to chaos and disorder in the education system. in conclusion, i think the college entrance examination system should be reformed rather than abolished completely. only by reforming the college entrance examination system can we enable students to develop their abilities more freely and creatively.