there are pros and cons to both sides of the argument for and against government spending on stadiums and theaters. on one hand, some people argue that government should not put money into these types of projects because there are more important things that the government could be spending its money on, such as medical care and education. on the other hand, others argue that stadiums and theaters are important pieces of infrastructure that can help boost the economy and create jobs. some specific reasons why government should spend money on stadiums and theaters include the following . stadiums and theaters can help boost the economy. one of the main reasons why government should spend money on stadiums and theaters is because they can help boost the economy. stadiums and theaters can create jobs and help to stimulate the economy. for example, when the nfl moved its super bowl from san francisco to arizona in , the event generated an estimated  million in economic activity for the state of arizona. stadiums and theaters can also help to attract businesses and tourists to a region. . stadiums and theaters can help to create a sense of community. another reason why government should spend money on stadiums and theaters is because they can help to create a sense of community. stadiums and theaters can help to bring people together and create a sense of community. for example, when the chicago bears play at soldier field, the stadium often becomes packed with fans from all over the chicago area. this sense of community can be valuable, especially in times of crisis or during tough economic times. . stadiums and theaters can help to promote healthy lifestyles. one of the benefits of stadiums and theaters is that they can promote healthy lifestyles. for example, when people go to a game, they are likely to eat a lot of junk food and drink a lot of alcohol. however, by going to a game, people are also likely to get exercise and learn about new cultures. stadiums and theaters can also help to teach children about good sportsmanship and how to behave in a public setting. on the other hand, there are also some reasons why government shouldnt spend money on stadiums and theaters. for example, some people argue that stadiums and theaters are expensive and that they are not necessary. furthermore, some people argue that stadiums and theaters are not good investments because they can often become obsolete.