in recent years, there has been an ongoing debate in china over whether or not family members should tell cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis. on one side of the argument are those who believe that, in the western world, it is considered illegal to withhold this information from a patient. on the other side are those who hold onto the traditional chinese belief that it is best not to tell the patient the truth in order to spare them from the pain and suffering that comes with a cancer diagnosis. i believe that, in the modern world, it is best to tell cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis. withholding this information from a patient does them a disservice and can ultimately do more harm than good. there are a number of reasons why i believe this to be true. first, cancer patients have a right to know what is happening to their bodies. they should be given the opportunity to make informed decisions about their treatment options and to plan for their own care. withholding information from a patient takes away their ability to make these decisions and can leave them feeling helpless and out of control. second, cancer is a very difficult diagnosis to deal with, both emotionally and physically. patients need the support of their loved ones during this difficult time. if family members are not honest with the patient about their diagnosis, it can make it difficult for the patient to trust and confide in them. this can lead to further isolation and feelings of loneliness. lastly, cancer patients need to be able to prepare for the worst. if they are not told the truth about their diagnosis, they may not be able to make the necessary arrangements for their care and their endoflife wishes. this can cause immense stress and anxiety for both the patient and their loved ones. in conclusion, i believe that it is best to tell cancer patients the truth about their diagnosis. withholding this information does them a disservice and can ultimately do more harm than good.