climate change has been an increasingly important topic in the world. every day, news sources report on the alarming effects of global warming and its devastating impact on our environment. it is becoming more and more apparent that we cannot take this issue lightly any longer it affects everything from animal species to human livelihoods worldwide. in order to begin tackling this problem, it is necessary to first understand what climate change entails. essentially, climate change occurs when greenhouse gases are emitted into the atmosphere through natural processes or human activities like burning fossil fuels and cutting down forests. these emissions trap heat in the earths atmosphere which leads to average temperatures rising across the globe, causing a wide range of other environmental changes including extreme weather events such as floods and droughts as well as sealevel rise due to melting ice caps in polar regions. the consequences of these changes can be severe for both animals and humans alike some species may no longer have suitable habitats due to shifting climates while others may become extinct altogether if they cannot adapt quickly enough. in addition, people living near coasts could find themselves displaced by rising waters or face dangerous conditions during powerful storms brought about by warmer ocean temperatures also linked with global warming. the cost associated with these impacts is estimated at trillions of dollars per year  money that could instead be spent towards things like education or healthcare if not having to be used for emergency response services due to climate disasters. fortunately, there are still steps we can take now that will help reduce our emissions drastically over time so that future generations wont suffer even further depletion in their environments than we already do today  one major solution being energy efficiency programs implemented around the world utilizing renewable sources like solar and wind power rather than relying heavily on polluting fossil fuels for electricity production. on an individual basis too people can make small lifestyle adjustments such as using public transport where possible, reducing plastic consumption and recycling materials whenever feasible all contribute towards lowering our overall carbon footprint significantly when done collectively across whole