as the world develops and modernizes, opinions regarding whether to inform a family member who has cancer of their diagnosis vary. while some people believe that the patient should be told the truth, others think traditional chinese practices should still be observed. i personally believe that the decision to tell a family member with cancer their diagnosis lies with the individual, and should be based on the individuals particular circumstances. on the one hand, many people believe that it is important to give the person with cancer the opportunity to come to terms with their diagnosis and make the best decisions for their future. telling the person their diagnosis allows them to prepare for the possible physical and emotional effects of their treatment. it also gives them the opportunity to make decisions about their life, such as seeking support from friends and family or seeking counseling for their mental health. furthermore, it gives the family time to come to terms with their diagnosis as well, and to provide emotional and physical support to the person with cancer. on the other hand, some people believe that traditional chinese practices should still be observed. they argue that it is not appropriate to burden the person with cancer with their diagnosis, as this can cause unnecessary anxiety and stress. they believe it is better to wait until the person is more psychologically and emotionally prepared for the diagnosis. this can be especially true if the person is elderly, as they may not be able to handle the shock of the diagnosis. as well, it may be more difficult for them to cope with the treatment and the outlook of their prognosis. in conclusion, it is ultimately up to the individual to decide if they should tell their family member with cancer their diagnosis. if they choose to do so, they should make sure they are in a supportive environment and are emotionally ready to process the news. however, if they decide not to, then traditional chinese practices should be observed. whichever one chooses, it is important to consider the individuals particular circumstances, and ensure that the family member with cancer is given the best possible care.