nowadays, electronic dictionaries edictionaries have been increasingly popular among students. however, teachers think that the overuse of edictionaries might have more disadvantages than advantages for english learning. for example, like the use of calculator affecting the skill of calculating, reliance on edictionaries may lead to the deteriorating of our spelling ability. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of roughly  words. there is no doubt that the overuse of edictionaries might have some disadvantages for english learning. however, in my opinion, the advantages of using edictionaries far outweigh the disadvantages. to begin with, edictionaries provide us with a more convenient way to look up words. in the past, when we wanted to look up a word, we had to open a physical dictionary, find the right page, and then look for the word. however, with an edictionary, we can simply type in the word we want to look up, and the definition will appear on the screen almost instantly. this is especially helpful when we are reading a text and come across a word we dont know. we can simply look up the word without having to interrupt our reading. in addition, edictionaries often come with additional features that can be helpful for language learning. for example, many edictionaries now come with audio pronunciations, so we can hear how the word is pronounced. some edictionaries also come with example sentences, so we can see how the word is used in context. these features can be very helpful, especially for beginners who are still learning the basics of the language. finally, edictionaries are often much cheaper than physical dictionaries. this is especially true for foreign language dictionaries, which can be quite expensive. with an edictionary, we can have access to the same information for a fraction of the price. of course, there are some disadvantages to using edictionaries. for example, like the use of calculator affecting the skill of calculating, reliance on edictionaries may lead to the deteriorating of our spelling ability. however, i believe that the advantages of using edictionaries far outweigh the disadvantages.