the impact of technology on social customs and ethics is an ongoing debate. some people may argue that technology does not have a major influence on social customs and ethics, while others may suggest that technology has drastically changed and shaped our customs and ethics. in my opinion, technology does not simply influence social customs and ethics, but it actually determines them. the usage of technology has become an integral part of modern life it has changed the way people interact with one another and has had a major impact on the way people think. for example, a large number of people now communicate with each other through the internet and social media platforms. this has led to a decrease in facetoface interaction and the development of different communication and social norms. people now communicate in ways that would have been unimaginable a few decades ago, and this has led to the creation of new social customs and ethics. technology has also had an impact on our ethical beliefs. with the rise of technology, people are now exposed to a variety of new ideas and perspectives. this has led to an increase in ethical awareness and the development of new ethical standards. in addition, technology has enabled people to access a wealth of information, which has allowed them to make more informed decisions regarding ethical issues. this has resulted in a shift towards more ethical behaviour and a greater emphasis on social responsibility. furthermore, technology has also changed the way we think about certain issues. for example, the development of artificial intelligence and robotics has led to a new debate about the ethical ramifications of using these technologies in various areas. this has resulted in the development of new ethical standards and guidelines, which are necessary in order to ensure that technology is used responsibly and ethically. in conclusion, technology has had a major impact on social customs and ethics. it has changed the way people communicate and interact, as well as the way they think about certain issues. it has also enabled people to access a wealth of information, which has led to an increase in ethical awareness and the development of new ethical standards. therefore, it can be argued that technology not only influences, but actually determines social customs and ethics.