the topic of this essay is the impact of technology on communication. with the development and improvement of technology, our lives have become easier than ever before. we can now communicate with people from all around the world in a matter of seconds using tools like emails, instant messaging apps, and video calls. this has drastically changed how we interact with each other as well as how businesses operate day to day. technology has revolutionized communication by allowing us to connect with others more quickly and easily than ever before. for example, when someone needs an answer to a question or wants to share something important they used to have to wait for snail mail or make expensive longdistance phone calls that usually took up lots of time and money. nowadays most people send instant messages over their phones or computers at no extra cost which saves both time and resources. businesses have especially benefited from technological advancements in communication as it allows them to stay connected with clients all around the globe even if they are hundreds or thousands of miles away from one another. from sending out notifications about new products or services via email newsletters, conducting virtual meetings through video chat programs such as skype or zoom, promoting their business on social media platforms like facebook or twitter there are so many ways companies can keep their customers informed about whats going on in order to maximize profits while still keeping costs low due to these modern technologies available today for free or at least almost free. on top of making global connections much easier and cheaper, technology also helps us build relationships closer together regardless if it is family members who live far away but need advice quickly without having them move back home friends who want updates over facetime rather than just texting colleagues collaborating remotely on projects because they dont need physical presence anymore  all kinds of interactions become possible thanks only this simple invention called internet!. . technology has definitely made our lives more convenient when it comes down communicating with anyone anywhere anytime! despite some drawbacks concerning