high school is an important milestone in a young persons life, and it is generally accepted that a fouryear program is the appropriate timeframe for most students to achieve the necessary skills needed for college and to prepare for adult life. although some may suggest that having students complete their high school education in three years instead of four could provide cost savings and reduce the number of dropouts, this would come with a number of cons. to begin, a shorter graduation timeframe could lead to an increased number of unprepared students entering college. without a full four years of high school, students would miss out on the full range of classes and experiences that are part of a standard high school education. for example, there may not be enough time to take the full sequence of math classes, like algebra ii or calculus, or lab science classes like chemistry and biology. these classes are essential for many college majors, and without them, students would not be adequately prepared to take on the coursework for collegelevel classes. additionally, reduced opportunities could result from having students graduate early. with fewer years to experience high school, students may not have enough time to take advantage of extracurricular activities and clubs, such as student government or volunteering, or to make connections with teachers and classmates that could be used as references for college or job applications. finally, some research has shown that coming from an extended high school experience may make it more likely for students to successfully finish college. without the full four years of a high school education, students may struggle to adjust to the rigors of college. in conclusion, although there may be initial cost savings from having students graduate from high school in three years, there can be unintended consequences that could impede the success of students both in college and in their later careers. it is therefore important to consider the potential drawbacks of an accelerated high school experience before implementing such a change.