recently it has been heatedly debated in the education circle about children. in this article i would like to discuss the pros and cons of children competing and cooperating. competition and cooperation are two sides of the same coin. they are opposites of each other. competing means that you are trying to beat the other person. cooperation means you want to work together with other people to achieve a common goal. both of them are necessary for a healthy and happy life. if you do not have competition in your life, you will not be able to have cooperation in it. you will be unable to enjoy the benefits of cooperation. therefore, it is very important for you to understand the difference between these two types of behavior. it is also important to realize that there is no such thing as a good or bad child. there is only a good or bad parent. a good parent is a parent who is willing to teach their child the right way to behave and the wrong way not to. this is the only way that a child can learn how to be a responsible adult. the same is true for parents who are not good parents. children need to learn from both good and bad parents in order to become responsible adults. what is competition? competition is when two or more people try to get the best result out of a situation. for example, if two people are playing a game of chess, they are competing to win the game. competition can also mean that one person tries to gain the upper hand over another person by doing something that is not in his or her best interest. an example of this would be if a person wants to make a big sale at the grocery store. he or she would try hard to sell as many items as possible in a short amount of time. however, the person who has to wait in line behind the first person is competing with that person for the customers attention. another example is if you and your friends are going to a party and you decide to go to the bathroom together. when you get back to your friends house, one of you may have to use the restroom. that person may be competing against you for your attention by using your bathroom more than you. so, competition can mean many different things, depending on the context in which it takes place.