there was a time when it was possible for someone to be regarded as a hero and to hold that perception in a society for a long period of time. in the past, heroes were often celebrated for their achievements in art, science, sport, or politics. heroes were seen as people who had achieved something extraordinary and were highly respected and admired by the public. however, in the age of intensive media coverage, it is becoming increasingly difficult for a society to view any woman or man as a hero for any extended period of time. this is because the media has become more intrusive, and more focused on finding stories that will capture the attention of the public. as a result, it is no longer possible for someone to be seen as a hero without being subjected to intense scrutiny and criticism. for example, recently there have been numerous stories of athletes, who were once regarded as heroes, being involved in scandals or poor behaviour. these scandals have caused many people to question the athletes role as a hero, and in some cases, to reject them as a hero altogether. similarly, there are numerous stories in the media of politicians being accused of corruption or other immoral activities. once again, these stories often cause society to reevaluate the politicians status as a hero. the problem is that in an age of intensive media coverage, it is becoming more and more difficult for a society to maintain a positive perception of a hero. this is because any mistake or mistake is quickly reported and often distorted in the media. this results in the public becoming very critical and judgmental of the hero, which ultimately leads to a negative perception and the heros reputation being diminished. in conclusion, it is clear that in the age of intensive media coverage, it is no longer possible for a society to regard any woman or man as a hero for an extended period of time. this is because any mistake or scandal is quickly reported and often distorted in the media, which causes the public to become very critical and judgmental of the hero. as a result, it is increasingly difficult for anyone to maintain a positive reputation in society.