the beauty of a quiet morning in the city is something that often gets overlooked by people. in todays hustle and bustle world, it can be easy to forget to take some time out just to appreciate your surroundings. the early hours of the day are known as the golden hour for good reason  with its stillness, peace and tranquility. for those lucky enough to live in an urban environment, taking advantage of this period offers numerous benefits both physically and mentally. a city provides more than just buildings, roads and traffic there are trees lining the streets, flowers blooming along park edges and birds chirping away on rooftops or lamp posts. being able to witness these natural sights without having thousands of people around is special indeed!. at this time of day you might find yourself enjoying a leisurely stroll down deserted pathways surrounded by lush greenery admiring oldfashioned architecture from another age or simply sitting peacefully on a park bench watching nature awaken around you  all while breathing fresh air free from pollution due to minimal vehicle use during these hours. you may even notice how much quieter everything sounds, with no loud conversations competing against each other nor thumping music radiating outwards like at nighttime which makes the experience even more calming as you get lost within your own thoughts while soaking up all nature has provided us with!. . taking advantage of a peaceful morning in the city allows one an opportunity unlike any other  not only do you get reconnected with nature but also gain some added clarity into life since distractions can temporarily be ignored here allowing for introspection work if desired too! not only does such activity provide physical health benefits but mental ones as well due to being immersed in calming surrounds full of oxygenated air. to help ensure we make time for ourselves amongst our hectic lives getting outdoors at least once per week should become part of everyones routine so they dont miss out on fantastic experiences like