government proceedings have a massive impact on the lives of citizens, and these proceedings should be televised to ensure that citizens have a greater understanding of the issues that affect their lives. by televising various government proceedings, like trials, debates, and meetings, society will be able to benefit in many ways. first, televised government proceedings can help citizens understand the issues that affect them better than they would be able to without the televised proceedings. for example, by watching televised trials of current events, citizens are able to get an inside look into issues that affect the justice system and their own lives. by observing court cases, citizens can gain an understanding of their legal rights and the legal system in general. trials can also provide valuable insight into the morality of certain controversial topics, such as the death penalty and abortion. televised debates also provide profound insight into these topics and allow citizens to make educated decisions about their political views. second, televised government proceedings can give citizens a greater sense of control over the issues that affect their lives. by watching televised debates and meetings, citizens can understand the laws being discussed and proposed, and they can form opinions on the debates. they can make better decisions when voting or when engaging in other political activities. furthermore, they can make their opinions heard by contacting their elected representatives to express their view on the proceedings they are watching. finally, televised government proceedings can provide citizens with greater transparency. without televised proceedings, citizens would have to rely on the media or other sources to understand the issues that affect their lives. by allowing citizens to watch these proceedings, they can see, hear, and understand all sides of an issue. this will help prevent any manipulation or distortion of information, as citizens would be able to form their own opinions based on what they see in the courtroom. in conclusion, televised government proceedings have many benefits for society. they can help citizens understand the issues that affect their lives better, give citizens a greater sense of control over those issues, and provide citizens with greater transparency. overall, the more kinds of government proceedings that are televised, the more society will benefit.