it is true that in the chinese culture, the traditional practice of not telling a family member with cancer the truth is still prevalent. this practice has been in place for centuries, and is still being practiced in some parts of china today. however, i believe that this practice must be changed along with the development of modernization. the primary reason why this practice should be changed is that it is not beneficial to the patients health. by not informing the patient of their diagnosis, the patient is not able to make informed decisions about their treatment, which could potentially have a negative impact on their health. in addition, the lack of information can lead to a feeling of isolation and despair for the patient, as they may feel that their family is not supporting them. secondly, by not informing the patient of their diagnosis, the family members are not allowing the patient to make the most of their remaining time. by not disclosing the diagnosis, the patient may not be able to take advantage of any treatments or therapies that could potentially help them. furthermore, the patient may not have the opportunity to say goodbye to their loved ones or spend quality time with them, as they may not understand the severity of their illness. finally, this practice also does not allow for open dialogue between the patient and their family members. by not disclosing the diagnosis, the patient may not be able to express their feelings and concerns to their family, which can lead to a feeling of loneliness and alienation. in conclusion, i believe that this traditional practice of not informing a family member with cancer of their diagnosis must be changed along with the development of modernization. this practice is not beneficial to the patients health, and it also prevents the patient from making the most of their remaining time. furthermore, it does not allow for open dialogue between the patient and their family members. for these reasons, i believe that this practice should be abandoned in favor of a more open and honest approach.