the advancement of technology over the past century has brought about incredible changes in the way humans live and the way we interact with the world around us. however, despite the rapid advances in technology, humanity has made little real progress in terms of the overall condition of humanity. poverty, war, and violence are still very much present in our lives and are some of the most pressing issues facing us today. poverty is perhaps the most prominent issue that humanity continues to struggle with. despite the improvements in technology, there are still vast numbers of people living in poverty around the world. according to the world bank, more than  percent of the worlds population is living on less than . a day, which is barely enough to survive. the effects of poverty are farreaching and have a direct impact on numerous aspects of life, such as access to education, healthcare, and employment opportunities. poverty also leads to a number of other detrimental issues, such as hunger, disease, and lack of access to basic human rights. war and violence are also a pervasive issue in many parts of the world. despite the advances in technology, we are still seeing conflicts erupt around the world, with devastating consequences for those affected. war and violence cause immense suffering for those affected, with one of the largest examples being the syrian civil war which has been ongoing since . the conflict has led to the displacement of millions of people and has created a massive refugee crisis. this proves that war and violence are still a major issue for humanity, despite the advances in technology. finally, despite all of the advances in technology, humanity is still struggling with many of the same issues that have plagued us for centuries. climate change continues to be an issue, with the planet warming at unprecedented levels and the effects of global warming becoming more and more pronounced. in addition, there are still numerous social and economic inequalities across the world, with some countries and regions having much greater access to resources than others. overall, while technology has brought about incredible and farreaching changes in the way humans interact with the world and with each other, the overall condition of humanity has not improved significantly. poverty, war, and violence are still major issues, and climate change and inequality are still pervasive. technology can be a powerful tool for solving many of these issues, but it is not enough to address all of the challenges that humanity faces. therefore, technology alone cannot change the condition of humanity.