the question as to whether families of cancer patients should tell the truth in the chinese culture is a difficult one. on one hand, some argue that it is morally wrong to deceive the patient, on the other hand, there are those that believe that it is best for the patient in the long run to keep the truth from them. in this essay, i shall argue that families of cancer patients should tell the truth, and provide reasons and examples to support this opinion. to begin with, it is unethical to keep the truth from a cancer patient. many people argue that the patient will not be able to bear the truth and thus, it is best to keep it from them. however, this goes against the basic ethical principle of being honest with a person. it is unfair of the family to take away the right of the patient to make informed decisions regarding their treatment options or outlook. furthermore, it also inhibits the patient from seeking solace in their social circle and finding emotional support. in addition, research has shown that keeping the truth from the patient can have a negative effect on the progress of their treatment. studies have indicated that the patients rapport with their healthcare team and the quality of care that they receive is directly affected by the patient being informed about the truth of their condition. this is especially true in cases where the patient needs to be informed about the prognosis of their condition. not informing the patient of their prognosis can lead to a lack of preparedness and poor quality care. furthermore, it is important to remember that keeping the truth from the patient is a stressful experience for the family as well. it is not easy for the family to witness their loved one suffering from the effects of cancer and not being able to do anything about it. it can become even more difficult for the family if they are constantly living in the fear of being caught in the act of deception. in conclusion, it is clear that families of cancer patients should tell the truth. it is unethical to keep the truth from the patient, it can have a negative effect on the progress of their treatment, and it can be a stressful experience for the family. it is in the best interest of the patient, their family, and the healthcare team that the patient is informed of their condition.