most people view the summertime as a season of fun and relaxation, but for some, the summer months can be a difficult time of year. for parents of children with special needs, summer can be an especially stressful period. with schools closed and regular schedules disrupted, it is often hard to provide their children with the level of care they need while maintaining their own sanity. although every familys situation is unique and requires individualized attention, there are certain strategies that all parents struggling during this time should keep in mind when tackling the challenge of caring for their special needs child over the summer months. first and foremost, consider what your specific needs are as a parent then determine how to best meet those needs within your resources. flexibility is key during this process dont hesitate to move things around or adjust expectations if something isnt working out as you had hoped it would. it may also be helpful to reach out for assistance from friends or family members if possibleyou dont have to manage everything on your own! additionally, make sure that you prioritize selfcare throughout this period  take breaks when needed so that you can remain emotionally healthy enough to attend thoughtfully towards your childs wellbeing during these long days of sunshine and heat. it may further help alleviate some stress by creating routines or activities for both yourself to keep up morale and your child to promote structure. granted this will vary depending upon any restrictions which may exist due physicalmental limitations but having some sort of plan in place greatly assists in managing tasks at hand while reducing potential meltdowns caused my unexpected changes in schedule etc. this could range from something like planning a weekly outing around town  such as going swimming one day  to setting aside parts of each day specifically designated just for playtime inside with favorite toysgames etc the bottom line here is not only do routines help keep everyone organized but they also offer a great way build memories