the facial action coding system is like totally awesome! it can detect like every single emotion that a person is feeling just by looking at their face! its like a computer can finally understand us humans and what were feeling! but like, is it really that cool? i mean, like, sure its interesting and all, but is it like, useful? in a classroom setting, like, imagine if the teacher had this technology, like, installed on her computer or something. she could like, monitor our faces and be like oh, johnny is feeling sad today, let me go give him a hug or sally is looking confused, let me explain that again. thats like, so cool, right? but like, also kinda creepy. like, do we really want a computer judging our emotions all the time? what if like, its wrong? what if like, im just naturally looking mean or something, but im actually feeling happy? also, like, imagine if the teacher started using it to like, monitor our emotions all the time. that would be so stressful! i mean, like, i dont want to be constantly worrying about how my face looks, like, oh no, am i looking happy enough? am i looking engaged enough? thats like, so much pressure! and like, what if the computer like, mistakes my emotions? what if its like, oh, johnny is feeling angry when really im just like, concentrating hard? that could be so embarrassing! but like, on the other hand, like, this technology could be super useful for like, special needs students. like, if a kid has autism or something, it could help the teacher understand their emotions better. or like, if a student is like, nonverbal, it could help the teacher communicate with them better. thats like, really cool. so like, in conclusion, the facial action coding system is like, really cool and all, but its also kinda creepy. it could be useful in some ways, like, for special needs students, but it could also be misused or like, misunderstand our emotions. so like, i dont know if its like, totally valuable or not. maybe like, we should just stick to like, asking students how theyre feeling instead of relying on a computer to tell us. thats like, more personal and stuff.