the history of the daguerreotype is an interesting and unique topic that often goes overlooked. the daguerreotype was the first practical form of photography and was invented by french inventor, louis daguerre in . it provided a method for capturing incredibly detailed images on polished silver plates using a camera obscura or a pinhole camera. though its invention brought about great advancements in art and communication during the th century, it had some major limitations. due to long exposure times, most pictures taken were still life portraits with no people in them as they could not stay still enough without blurring the image. additionally, since this process used expensive materials such as silverplated copper sheets and iodine fumes to develop images, only those who could afford such processes would have access to this new technology. despite these issues, there are many beautiful examples of daguerreotypes throughout history due to their high contrast ratio which gave photos an excellent level of detail similar to what wed see from modern photographs today though significantly more grainy. for instance, one famous example is john quincy adams  daguerreotype portrait which depicted him sitting at his desk wearing glasses making it perhaps one of earliest known photographs featuring someone wearing glasses!. in addition to portraiture work done with this technique  landscape photography also began to emerge towards the end of this era thanks largely due boulevard du temples industryshifting photo taken by louis daguerer himself back in   showcasing pedestrians strolling down pariss main boulevard while horse carts whizzed past! this photograph showed how much potential was possible within photography despite its primitive nature at that time period something very few other techniques achieved before then. . overall, though there are many criticisms associated with early forms of photography like the dagerrotype  here we can clearly observe that even during its infancy stage  photographic