nowadays, senior high school students are under great pressure because of the variety of examinations they have to take in preparing for college entrance exams. it is generally agreed that this kind of examination system has destroyed students creative thinking abilities and hindered their allround development. however, the views on how to remedy the situation are various. some people suggest that this type of examination system should be abolished completely, while others think the abolishment of the examination system will bring about more problems than solutions. for example, without a national entrance examination, we will have problems of privileges and discrimination. do you agree or disagree? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. write an essay of roughly  words. i agree that the current examination system should be abolished. the reasons are as follows. first, the current examination system only tests students ability to memorize and regurgitate information, but does not test their ability to think creatively or solve problems. this is because the questions in the exams are usually multiple choice or fill in the blanks, which can be easily answered by students who have memorized the information but do not necessarily understand it. this kind of examination does not encourage students to think critically or to apply what they have learned to new situations. second, the current examination system is unfair to students from less privileged backgrounds. this is because students from wealthier families can afford to hire tutors or go to private schools, which give them an advantage over other students. in addition, the current system favors students who are good at taking exams, but does not necessarily favor students who are intelligent or have other talents. third, the current examination system hinders students allround development. this is because students spend so much time studying for exams that they have little time for other activities, such as sports, music, or art. this means that they are not able to develop their full potential. abolishing the current examination system would be the best solution to these problems. this is because it would allow students to be assessed on their ability to think critically and solve problems, rather than just their ability to memorize information. in addition, it would create a level playing field for all students, regardless of their background. finally, it would allow students to develop their full potential, by giving them more time to pursue other interests.