in todays society, it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. the reason for this is that, in the real world, understanding ideas and concepts is more important than knowing a bunch of facts. lets take a look at an example. lets say you are a student who is trying to learn about the american revolution. it is more important for you to understand the concepts of liberty and democracy than it is for you to memorize the dates of the battles. why? because if you understand the concepts, you will be able to apply them to other situations. for example, you will be able to understand why the united states has a system of government that is different from most other countries. but if you just memorize the dates of the battles, you will not be able to apply that knowledge to anything else. so, while it is important to learn some facts, it is more important to understand ideas and concepts. there are other reasons why it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. one reason is that, in todays world, information is constantly changing. this means that facts that you learn today could be outdated tomorrow. so, it is more important to learn how to find information and to understand concepts so that you can figure out the answer for yourself, rather than just memorizing facts. another reason why it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts is that, in the real world, you are not going to be tested on your knowledge of facts. instead, you are going to be tested on your ability to apply your knowledge. for example, you might be asked to solve a problem or to come up with a new idea. if you can understand concepts, you will be able to do this. but if you just know a bunch of facts, you will not be able to apply them to anything. so, in conclusion, it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. facts are important, but they are not as important as understanding.