computer games have become increasingly popular among children in recent years. while they can be entertaining and enjoyable, it is undeniable that they can also have a detrimental effect on childrens physical, intellectual and psychological development. as such, i agree with the suggestion that effective measures should be taken to restrict childrens access to computer games. first and foremost, computer games can have an adverse effect on childrens physical health. studies have shown that prolonged and excessive playing of computer games can lead to physical disabilities and health problems such as sore eyes, headaches, neck and back pain, repetitive strain injury and impaired immune system. moreover, playing computer games too often means less time for physical activities and exercise, which can result in poor physical fitness and poor posture. furthermore, computer games can impair childrens intellectual development. as computer games require little effort, cognitive skills such as problem solving, interpreting and comprehending are not engaged. moreover, players are often rewarded for their success in computer games with new levels, points and achievements, rather than tangible rewards, which can lead to a lack of motivation for children to pursue intellectual activities. finally, computer games can have a detrimental effect on childrens psychological development. by playing computer games, children can become isolated and overdependent on these games. this can result in an inability to form strong relationships, as children may prefer to socialize with virtual characters rather than with actual people. moreover, playing violent computer games can lead to desensitization as violence is presented as normal and acceptable. in conclusion, it is clear that computer games can have a potentially negative effect on childrens physical, intellectual and psychological development, and thus effective measures should be taken to limit childrens access to computer games. governments should provide education about the risks and dangers associated with excessive computer games playing as well as set regulations to enforce ageappropriate content. parents should also play an active role in controlling the amount of time their children are allowed to spend playing computer games.