there are a few different ways to look at this question. the first is whether or not the university education system is designed to prepare students for employment. the second is whether or not it actually does prepare students for employment. the third is whether or not employment is the only or primary function of the university education system. the answer to the first question is that, yes, the university education system is designed to prepare students for employment. this is evident in the fact that most university programs are geared towards providing students with the skills and knowledge that they will need in their future careers. for example, many business programs include courses on accounting, finance, and marketing, which are all essential skills for any future business professional. similarly, many engineering programs include courses on physics and mathematics, which are essential for any future engineer. the answer to the second question is a bit more complicated. while the university education system is designed to prepare students for employment, it is not always successful in doing so. this is because, as mentioned above, the university education system is not the only factor that determines whether or not a student is prepared for employment. other factors, such as a students prior work experience, their personal qualities, and the specific job market that they are entering, all play a role in determining whether or not a student is prepared for employment. the answer to the third question is that, while employment is one of the primary functions of the university education system, it is not the only function. the university education system also has the important function of providing students with the knowledge and skills that they need to be successful in their chosen careers. in addition, the university education system also plays a role in providing students with the opportunity to develop important life skills, such as critical thinking, problem solving, and communication.