peoples attitudes are heavily influenced by their immediate situation or surroundings rather than by society as a whole. this is because ones environment has a significant bearing on ones beliefs, values, and outlook. the immediate environment provides all the necessary data for one to form opinions and attitudes about their world. furthermore, it has been proven that individuals are likely to be swayed by those closest to them and their immediate environment. to begin with, people have a tendency to form opinions based on the data they receive from their direct environment. a persons attitude is formed over time as a result of direct and indirect interactions with their surroundings. this means that what we learn and experience in our direct environment, such as family, peers, and culture, has a significant impact on our attitudes. for example, if one is brought up in a household with traditional values, they are more likely to adopt those same values as they grow up. similarly, if one is surrounded by people who continually espouse certain views, it is likely that their own attitudes will eventually be shaped by those views. moreover, individuals are more likely to be swayed by those closest to them and stick with their immediate environment. this is because humans naturally seek out people who share their beliefs and values. for instance, if a person is surrounded by people that are passionate about a certain cause, they are more likely to become passionate about it themselves. this is because they will be exposed to a range of persuasive arguments and stories which will ultimately shape their attitude. in addition, ones immediate environment can have a direct bearing on ones attitude towards a certain issue. for example, if one is living in an area that has been heavily affected by a natural disaster, they are likely to have a more negative attitude towards the governments response than someone who has not been affected by it. similarly, someone who lives in an area that has been heavily affected by crime and violence is likely to have a different attitude towards the police and the criminal justice system than someone who does not live with such an immediate threat. in conclusion, peoples attitudes are more determined by their immediate situation or surroundings than by society as a whole. this is because ones environment has a significant bearing on ones beliefs and values and individuals are more likely to be swayed by those closest to them and stick with their immediate environment. this can also have a direct bearing on ones attitude towards certain issues, such as natural disasters and crime.