the face on mars is really just a natural landform many people see the iconic landform photographed by the viking spacecraft on mars in  and believe that it must be an artificial structure created by intelligent lifeforms. however, upon closer examination of the evidence, it becomes clear that the face on mars is simply a naturally formed mesa and hill. one of the main pieces of evidence that the landform is natural comes from higher resolution images taken by later mars missions. these images reveal that the supposed eyes and mouth of the face are merely valleys and shadows caused by erosion over geological timescales. the fine detail needed to clearly define facial features is not present. instead, we see uneven forms that only vaguely resemble a human face when viewed from a distant lowresolution image. in addition, scientists understand how wind erosion carves interesting shapes into the red planets landscapes. mars has a thin atmosphere that allows solar wind and other particles to slowly abrade away at exposed rock and dirt. over millions of years, this sculpting action can form mesas, buttes, and other elevated features that appear strange from some angles. the shapes will often resemble familiar patterns to our eyes due to pareidolia. however, closer examination reveals they were forged by natural process rather than deliberate construction. this evidence, combined with the lack of any other artifacts or traces of technology in the area, strongly suggests the face on mars is a geologic accident of nature rather than something created by aliens. while its vague facial likeness captured peoples imaginations, higher resolution images and our increased scientific understanding of mars refute its status as evidence of past life. the landform is truly just a mesa and hills shaped by the wind over eons  not an artificial structure left behind by another civilization that once walked the red planet. in conclusion, when objectively examining all available evidence, it becomes clear the face on mars is a naturally formed landform.