most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are. this is achieved through a variety of techniques, such as using attractive models, employing photoshop to edit images, and by making claims that are not backed up by evidence. as a result, people often end up buying products that do not live up to their expectations. one way that advertisements make products seem better than they are is by using attractive models. the models used in advertisements are often unattainably beautiful, with perfect skin, bodies, and hair. they make the products they are promoting look desirable, but in reality, the products are not likely to make people look like the models. this is because the models are professionals who are paid to look good, and they often have teams of stylists and makeup artists to help them look their best. in contrast, most people do not have access to such resources, and so they cannot hope to look like the models in the ads. another way that products are made to look better than they are in advertisements is through the use of photoshop. photoshop is a software program that can be used to edit images, and it is often used to make products look better than they really are. for example, an advertisement for a skin cream might show a woman with perfect, smooth skin. however, the woman in the photo may have actually had blemishes and wrinkles, but these imperfections have been edited out using photoshop. as a result, people might buy the cream, expecting it to make their skin look perfect like the woman in the ad, but it is unlikely to have such an effect. finally, advertisements often make claims that are not backed up by evidence. for example, an ad might claim that a certain brand of cosmetics is the best on the market, but there is no way to know if this is true. the company might have conducted its own research to come to this conclusion, but it is possible that the research was not conducted properly, or that it was biased. as a result, people might buy the product, thinking that it is the best, when in reality, there might be better products available. in conclusion, advertisements often make products seem much better than they really are. this is achieved through a variety of techniques, such as using attractive models, photoshop, and by making claims that are not backed up by evidence. as a result, people often end up buying products that do not live up to their expectations.