the face on mars a natural landform introduction the face on mars is a fascinating subject for discussion that has captured the imagination of people worldwide. some individuals claim that it was created by an advanced alien race, but there is ample evidence to suggest that it is just a natural landform. through this argumentative essay, i aim to convince you that the face on mars is a natural landform that was formed through geological processes. claims to support the argument the face on mars is a natural landform, and there are various reasons why i believe this claim to be true. first, the face is part of a larger feature known as the cydonia mensa, which is a mesalike formation on mars that stretches over  kilometers. the mesas size and shape are similar to other mesas found all over the world, which suggests that it was created through natural geological processes. furthermore, there are similar mesas on mars that are similar in size and shape to the cydonia mensa, which means that the face on mars could also be a natural feature of the martian terrain. also, the formation of the face could be linked to mars unique environmental factors, such as its low gravity and thin atmosphere, which could have contributed to the creation of the landform. evidence from the article according to the article unmasking the face on mars, scientists at nasa have been studying images of mars for over  years, and they have not found any evidence to suggest that the face was created by an advanced alien race. instead, they have discovered that the face was most likely created through natural geological processes. furthermore, the article states that scientists have used highresolution images to study the faces features in detail, which helped them conclude that it was not an artificially constructed object. the images also revealed that the face was part of a larger feature, which further supports the claim that it is a natural landform on mars. conclusion in conclusion, the face on mars is a fascinating subject of discussion that has sparked many debates regarding its creation. although some individuals believe it was created by an advanced alien race, there is ample evidence to suggest that it is just a natural landform. the face is part of a larger mesalike formation on mars, and its features are similar to other mesas found all over the world. also, scientists