as a society, we all have a responsibility to take action when it comes to climate change. as the effects of global warming become more and more pronounced, it is time for us to make changes that will not only decrease our environmental impact on the planet, but also protect our own health in the long run. the main threat posed by climate change is its effect on weather patterns. last year saw recordbreaking temperature rises across much of europe, with temperatures exceeding c f in some places. this was accompanied by extreme droughts, stronger storms and higher sea levels  all posing huge risks to peoples lives and livelihoods. in addition, increasing amounts of carbon dioxide has been linked to rising global temperatures which could result in further increases over time if left unchecked. fortunately there are steps we can take now that can help reduce these impacts before they become unmanageable. one such measure is renewable energy production like solar or wind power as an alternative source of electricity generation instead of relying so heavily on fossil fuels which produce large amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere when burned for fuel or energy generation purposes. additionally governments should create incentives for businesses who switch away from reliance on fossil fuels towards sustainable sources like renewables  this would be beneficial both economically and environmentally due to decreased pollution levels and lowered costs associated with sourcing cleaner forms of energy productionconsumption methods. lastly individuals need to do their part too reducing consumption generally helps cut down emissions from manufacturing processes used for making products but it includes other benefits too such as avoiding wasting resources that cannot be reused or recycled  plus saving money! even small changes like turning off lights when leaving rooms or shortening showers can add up over time if done consistently enough  another bonus being lower bills at the end of each month!. . overall while tackling climate change may seem daunting right now  there are actions everyone can take no matter where you live that contribute towards helping mitigate the worst impacts