the influence of media on society is a topic that has been widely discussed in recent years. from novels to movies, television shows to social networking websites, technology has rapidly changed the way we communicate and interact with each other. its clear that our culture and lifestyle have been shaped by this influx of new mediums and ideas. one area which has seen a particularly significant impact from the rise of media is our perception of beauty standards. images broadcasted by the likes of instagram, youtube, tv shows and magazines often focus on idealised picturesque renderings rather than realistic representations  leading people to strive for unattainable perfectionism. this can be damaging in terms of selfimage as young adults are more susceptible to comparison between themselves and what they see portrayed in these sources causing feelings such as anxiety or depression if they dont fit into this mould or reach these high expectations set by modern day media outlets. . however, it isnt all bad news when it comes to medias influence over society  with positive developments being made too! for example, fashion campaigns have become increasingly diverse within the last few years beginning to reject traditional norms surrounding gender rolesstereotypes whilst celebrating real body shapesethnicities like never before! similarly youtube influencers have created their own platforms through which honest conversations about mental health issues can take place unencumbered  tackling stigmas attached taboo topics headon without fear thanks to new found anonymity online thanks again internet!. to conclude then, although there are definitely some pitfalls associated with how much power contemporary medias wields over us now  overall i believe that its ability to shape societal attitudes can bring both negative  positive outcomes depending upon how responsibly theyre used i.e not simply falling fowl into hedonistic traps! ultimately only time will tell just how influential this force will continue proving itself out.