hey, i know you think the face on mars is like this super cool sign of alien life and all, but let me tell you, its just not that exciting. i mean, sure, it looks kinda like a face, but thats just because our brains are wired to see patterns and stuff. its like when you see a picture of a dog in the clouds  its not actually a dog, its just clouds. same thing with the face on mars. first of all, lets talk about how the face was even discovered. it was like, way back in the s, when some dude named viking orbiter took a picture of mars and people were like oh my gosh, its a face! but then, when they took a closer look, they realized it wasnt actually a face at all. it was just a bunch of mountains and valleys that happened to look like a face from really far away. i mean, come on, have you ever seen a mountain that looks like a face? its not that rare, guys. and then theres the whole thing about the face being a sign of alien life. like, hello, if there was really an alien civilization on mars, dont you think we would have found way more evidence of it by now? i mean, weve been studying mars for ages, and weve found like, a bunch of rocks and some ice. thats it. no aliens, no fancy buildings, no nothing. just rocks and ice. plus, the face is like, really small compared to the rest of mars. its like, a tiny little mountain range in the middle of this huge planet. if aliens really wanted to communicate with us, dont you think they would have built something a bit bigger? something we could actually see from earth, instead of having to send a spacecraft all the way to mars to find it? it just doesnt make sense, guys. so yeah, in conclusion, the face on mars is not some super cool sign of alien life. its just a natural landform that happens to look like a face from really far away. lets not get our hopes up, okay? well find alien life someday, im sure, but its not gonna be on mars, and its not gonna look like a face. sources  unmasking the face on mars. nasa, nasa, www.nasa.govtopicsuniversefeaturesfaceonmars.htmlhttpwww.nasa.govtopicsuniversefeaturesfaceonmars.html.  the face on mars a study in pareidolia. psychology today, sussex publishers,  mar. , www.psychologytoday.comusblogtheskepticaleyethefacemarsstudyinpareidoliahttpwww.psychologytoday.comusblogtheskepticaleyethefacemarsstudyinpareidolia.