the world of professional sports has been a source of entertainment and excitement for generations. whether it is major league baseball, national football league, or the national basketball association  these leagues have provided fans with some amazing memories over the years. one sport in particular that stands out among them all as one of the most exciting and thrilling to watch is basketball. from its highflying dunks and fastpaced game play to its intense rivalries and star players, basketball could very well be considered americas favorite pastime. basketball originated in  when dr james naismith wrote thirteen basic rules for physical education classes at what would later become springfield college in massachusetts. he used two peach baskets nailed to ten foot poles as goals while students threw a soccer ball into their opponents basket in order to score points. after being introduced by naismith, basketball quickly exploded into popularity across the united states today it is an international phenomenon played by millions around the world on any given night or weekend day throughout the year. when watching a professional basketball game there are many aspects that make this sport so entertaining  from electrifying plays made by incredibly talented athletes who can shoot threes from way behind the arc to defensive stops where defenders may come up with blocks or steals resulting in crowdpleasing oohs and aahs. even more exciting than these athletic feats however are those heated rivalries between teams such as the boston celtics vs los angeles lakers which spans decades of competition on courts all over north america! these games often feature some of historys greatest players putting anything other than their best effort on display for audiences everywhere  making every minute count no matter how small!. ultimately, there is something special about watching high level competitive sports like basketball  even if youre not necessarily an avid fan you will find yourself drawn into each play as if it were happening right before your eyes! its this type of enthusiasm that keeps people coming back time