example the actions of others have long been said to influence us as individuals. it is widely accepted that we are subject to the influence of a variety of people and institutions in our lives. from family to society, school to social media, we are constantly exposed to examples of how others behave, and these examples shape us in unpredictable ways. take our family, for instance as children, we look to our parents to learn how to interact with the world  both what is appropriate and inappropriate. we observe their behaviors and mannerisms, often unconsciously mimicking the way they communicate and interact with others. family dynamics are incredibly powerful, as the values and practices we observe at home become ingrained in our personal frameworks, influencing our decisions now and in the future. on a larger scale, the influence of society and its institutions is something that affects us all. it is no mistake that the perception of education in our society is of the utmost importance we associate success with education, something that is passed down to us in various ways from school. whether its through the lessons we learn in the classroom, the expectations of grades, or the aspirations to achieve more, these values are taught to us from a young age, creating an expectation to try and do the best we can. furthermore, social media has become another incredibly powerful influence in recent times. it has provided us with a platform to interact with other people, providing a vast space for examples to be viewed and replicated. we are constantly exposed to what others are saying, doing, and believing, creating a proliferation of ideals and beliefs that have the power to shape us. though the influence of other people can be beneficial to a certain extent, it is important to note that example is not the only thing in influencing others  respect, dialogue, and mutual understanding are just as important. these key elements only come into play when we learn to recognize the importance of listening to one another, and understanding our shared humanity.