throughout life, first impressions are incredibly important. the way a person is initially perceived based on looks, body language, and attitude all play a significant role in how they are initially viewed. however, while looks and body language are the ones that are usually noticed first, it is ultimately the attitude and communication skills of a person that can completely change a first impression. when it comes to looks, it is often said that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. finding someone attractive or not can depend upon someones individual opinion or preferences. however, a persons fashion sense, the clothes and accessories they wear, and even their grooming habits, can also change the way they are perceived. by making straightforward changes in all of these areas, ones initial impression can be improved. a persons personality may also be a factor in changing a first impression because it is often easier to see a persons true nature once conversation has been established. someone who is animated and interesting can be much more attractive than someone who is shy and withdrawn. if a person can show that they are genuinely sociable, openminded, and wellrounded, this can often counter any experience or appearance that was negative at first. finally, communication skills play a big part in how a first impression is perceived. the ability to articulate ones thoughts and communicate clearly can be a very powerful tool in making a positive impression. it is usually impossible to hide questionable communication skills, so by honing this aspect of ones personality, it is possible to make a lasting impression. therefore, through ones looks, personality, and communication, a first impression can and should be managed so that an individual can make the best possible impact when meeting someone for the first time. by making just a few minor changes, a lasting impression can be left on another person that can outshine any first impression based on initial appearances.