it is no easy task to ensure that your home is wellmaintained, but it is necessary. over time, homes need regular upkeep in order to remain protected from wear and tearboth inside and out. this means addressing a variety of tasks ranging from small repairs like patching holes in walls or replacing broken fixtures, as well as larger projects such as painting the exterior or remodeling certain rooms. it can also be difficult to prioritize which tasks are most important for maintaining the integrity of a home and for keeping it looking its best. one area that should not be overlooked when caring for ones home is windows maintenance. windows are an essential part of any structure, both aesthetically and functionally they provide natural light during the day while allowing fresh air into the house through ventilation year round. in addition, proper window care can improve energy efficiency by helping regulate temperatures throughout ones living space more effectively than singlepane glass units installed prior to  the year double pane windows became code. taking this into consideration makes it clear why taking appropriate steps towards ensuring maximum performance from ones windows should be at the top of their list when conducting household maintenance chores. in order to keep those hardworking components uptodate, there are some things all homeowners can do on a regular basis in order to maintain their residential windows.  clean frames regularly with soapy water using soft clothsbrushes  do not use abrasive materials directly on frame surfaces these could damage them over time!.  check seals around each window unit  if you see any gaps between surrounding frames or feel drafts coming through edges then there may have been breaches in sealant which will require additional sealing material. .  inspect hardware hingeslatches  loose screws or rust spots indicate potential problems with connection points needing attention before further issues arise. .  lookout for signs of fogging between pan