dear senator name, i am writing to express my support for maintaining the electoral college as the system for determining the presidency of the united states, contrary to the view held by some of its critics. it is my firm belief that, while not perfect, the electoral college is a system that protects regional interests and encourages candidates to have a vibrant and diverse appeal to all americans in their run for the presidency. the founding fathers established the electoral college as a compromise between a vote by congress or a direct popular vote, ensuring that regional interests would be adequately represented in a large and diverse country federal register, lines . as the critics have rightly mentioned, the system is not perfectly democratic since the electors go on to elect the president and not the people directly. however, it ensures the candidates strive for a transregional appeal, which is crucial for a nation as geographically and culturally diverse as the united states posner, line . although some argue that the electoral college can lead to a candidate winning the presidency despite losing the popular vote, its worth noting that this rarely happens. in fact, it has only occurred four times in over  years of u.s. history, adjudged against the perspective that eliminating the electoral college would make rural regions of the country significantly underrepresented posner, line . this reduction in representation would occur because candidates would be incentivized to focus on densely populated urban areas where they could win large numbers of votes quickly. as a result, they might ignore the specific needs and interests of rural voters or less populated areas, which might lead to those citizens feeling disenfranchised. the electoral college, despite its shortcomings, ensures that presidential candidates cannot ignore any segment of the population, including those in the socalled fly over states posner, line . moreover, with the electoral college, candidates are urged to seek support from all states, regardless of population or politically leaning since each state holds private electoral votes. this ensures that the person who emerges as the president would more likely have the support across the united states rather than only in pockets of populationdense regions posner, lines . in order to make the electoral process more democratic, i would propose that all states adopt a proportional representation system for their electors, similar to that of maine and nebraska, rather than the winnertakeall system adopted by most states. this way, the electoral votes each candidate receives in a state would more accurately reflect the popular vote in that state federal register, lines . in conclusion, i feel that the potential negatives of switching to a direct popular vote outweigh the occasional instances where a candidate may win the presidency without winning the popular vote. the electoral college provides an, albeit imperfect, balance in the u.s. election process that seeks to ensure a widespread appeal of a presidential candidate. i urge you to consider this argument in your discussions regarding this matter. sincerely, your name