dear senator, i am writing to express my view that the united states should change from the electoral college system to electing the president by popular vote. while the electoral college was designed with good intentions, such as giving smaller states more influence, it no longer serves its original purpose and causes problems in our elections. one argument made in favor of keeping the electoral college is that it encourages candidates to build broader coalitions and appeal to a variety of viewpoints across many states. however, research shows that in recent elections candidates tend to focus their efforts only on swing states that could vote either way. this means that millions of voters in deeply red or blue states feel ignored. switching to a popular vote may motivate candidates to campaign in a wider range of states and encourage higher voter turnout nationwide. it is also argued that the electoral college system maintains the federal character of our elections. however, in practice it can result in a president being elected despite losing the nationwide popular vote. this has occurred a few times in our history, most recently in  and . many see this as undemocratic and argue it undermines the perception that any president has a clear mandate. a popular vote would ensure that the candidate preferred by the most americans wins the election, which aligns better with principles of democracy. opponents of a popular vote express concern that candidates might focus only on densely populated urban areas. however, campaigns already heavily target population centers under the electoral college. a nationwide popular vote might actually encourage candidates to promote policy platforms and messages that could build support in rural and suburban areas as well. candidates would still need to appeal to a broad range of geographic, economic, and cultural perspectives to receive a majority of votes. in conclusion, while reasonable arguments can be made on both sides of this issue, changing to a popular vote seems to best uphold the democratic ideals of our system by making sure the presidential candidate who receives the most votes nationally wins the election. this would make sure every american truly has an equal say in choosing their president. i urge you to support electoral reform to ensure our elections are conducted in the most representative manner possible.