successful people are not afraid to try new things and take risks. they know that in order to achieve their goals, they need to be constantly learning and expanding their horizons. this willingness to experiment and take chances is what sets them apart from others who are content with doing what they are already good at. for example, when steve jobs was starting apple, he was willing to take a risk and create a new type of computer that no one had ever seen before. this risk paid off, and apple became a successful company. similarly, when mark zuckerberg started facebook, he was willing to experiment with different ways to get people to use the site. he tried things that other people said would never work, and as a result, facebook became the largest social media site in the world. successful people are not afraid to try new things because they know that failure is a part of the learning process. they understand that if they dont take risks, they will never achieve anything great. in fact, many of the most successful people in the world have failed multiple times before they finally achieved success. for example, j. k. rowling was rejected by  publishers before her book, harry potter and the philosophers stone, was finally published. and richard branson, the founder of virgin group, has had more than his share of failed businesses. but these failures have not stopped them from trying again and again until they finally achieved success. successful people also know that risk taking is not always about taking big risks. sometimes, its about taking small risks that can lead to big rewards. for example, if you want to start a business, you might be willing to risk your savings to do so, but you might also be willing to risk your time by starting the business on the side while you are still working a day job. in conclusion, successful people are not afraid to try new things and take risks. they know that in order to achieve their goals, they need to be constantly learning and expanding their horizons. this willingness to experiment and take chances is what sets them apart from others who are content with doing what they are already good at.