it is commonly believed that objective observation is unbiased and lacks any personal judgments or expectations. this idea has been propagated throughout the scientific community, with the belief that keeping the observers preconceived notions or desires out of the picture will ensure the purity of results. however, any observation, no matter how seemingly objective or impartial, is in fact subjective and always informed by the observers expectations and desires. in order to demonstrate this, it is important to first understand the concept of subjectivity. subjectivity can be defined as the quality of being influenced by individual perception or opinion. it follows then, that any observation is necessarily subjective since it is impossible for any observer to possess an entirely neutral perspective. it is impossible to observe something without bringing any preconceived notions or biases to the table, as no person can remain entirely impartial. even if an observer attempts to remain unbiased, the very act of observing is itself an act of subjectivity. the notion of objectivity with regards to observation is further complicated when one considers the fact that the data gathered is still being processed by the observer. in other words, no matter how carefully the observation is conducted, it is still being filtered through the observers subjective lenses. this means that even if the observer attempts to remain impartial, their expectations and desires will still shape the results. even if two observers view the same data, they will come away with different interpretations based on their individual experiences. for example, two people observing the same event may come away with two different stories. person a may focus on the positive aspects of the event while person b may be more critical or analytical. each persons expectations and desires will cause them to interpret the event differently and thus, the observation will be subjective. in addition, the observers preconceived notions can also influence the way in which data is collected. for example, suppose a researcher is studying the effects of a new drug on a particular population. if the researcher has a positive opinion of the drug, they may be more likely to focus on the positive effects it has on the population and may be less likely to report any adverse effects. this illustrates how even without any conscious effort, the researchers expectations and desires will still influence the results of the observation. ultimately, it is clear that there is no such thing as a purely objective observation. all observation is subjective it is always guided by the observers expectations or desires. no matter how carefully an observation is conducted, the observers preconceived notions or biases will still shape the results. even if two observers view the same data, they will come away with different interpretations based on their individual experiences. therefore, it is important to recognize that even the most objective observation is still subjective and should be approached with caution.