we all heard about venus, the planet without almost oxygen with earthquakes, erupting volcanoes and temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit but what if scientist project the futur into this planet ? through this article, the author uses evidences appealing to reason and concession to make us realize why we should care about studying this planet so that people must give a chance to venus. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms density and size but has a really different climate. as it is evoked by the author   a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit....beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the author uses of concession tell us what is the actual climate of venus. he tell us the truth, he support the fact that studying venus is a worthy pursuit but he also recognize that theres a danger present continuously. and because he support the idea of studying venus, he proposes ways to study the planet and find a solution at a reasonable distance. venus is an inhospitable planet that can almost be considered as an impossible dwelling for humans. but for the author, that cant keep scientist to do their job studying venus   nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. through this evidence, appealing to reasonning, the author talk about the nasas possible solution to raise his credibility. but also, to convince the audience that we can only find a solution by studying the planet. in conclusion, despite of venus hostility put in advance by the concession, the author makes the audience realize that theres a solution but that we can find it only if we study the planet. he make us find out that challenge and curiosity is part of human life. but also that danger and fear should not stop us from discovering new things. after all, we are humans.