i agree that driverless cars are a developing idea. i do like the fact that these cars should be used by the public. they could lead us to a whole other revolutionary idea with the way the human race lives our lives. it could help us all out with our neccessaties. also it could help us with other sciences in our lives such as medical assisstants and drivers. next, the ability to drive without a driver could help us alll in the aspect of the way on how we live our lives. first, for example in the text paragraph  it says how the company of bmw has made the trafiic jam assisstant which could help us drive up to  mph without the need to do anything at all. driverless cars dont just help us at drving it helps us at being smarter. the science put into these cars to drive without any work is fascinating. if we could put that same science in other fields justy as medical, then the possibilites are endless. we could have assisstant doctors getting us tools that we need,when we need them, and alarming us when something is wrong. next, these cars are fantastic for elderly people who are unable to drive by themselves. they offer a sugnificant amount of assisstants for them so they dont have to rely on anyone else. next, it could help keep us safe in our cars. for example, in the article in paragraph  it also states that these new cars have developed a drivers seat that vibrates when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. these cars can reduce the amount of vehicle incidents very much. not only can they stop us from backing in to something but they can also stop us from being killed. after that, they have video cameras also in every corner of the car to help the driver sense any danger around them. for instance, in parapraph  they tell of how they have a spinning sensor on the roof that uses laser beams to form a constantly updated d model of the car and its surrounding. they need all of these so it could act as if a human being was in the drivers seat. further more, these newer cars dont just give us new abilities, but also the new knowledge. they show us what needs improvement and what doesnt. also, they help us guide our way to safety if we are lost. to inculde, these cars could also lead us to anywhere we need. this is very important in case someone gets lost. for example, if someone is lost on a camping trip and is in the wrong spot there and needs assisstance, then there car could lead then to safety and tell them exactly where they are located. it could also serve as a discovery unit. for instance, if someone is in a new town or city then they need to know where the gas station, hotel, restaurant, etc are and there car would take them there. they would help them navigate to whereever there destination might be. in conclusion, the need for cars that do not need a driver is very important to our everyday lives. they would help navigate, save, and make our lives easier. they would help our economy out tremendoulsy by reducing accidents and the death rate. next, they would help with people who need it such as elderly and disabled people. last, these cars are getting closer and closer to becoming a part of our daily lives already, because we have the science that helped us develop these types of cars now.