imagine a world without garages, gastations, or parkinglots. the problem with todays world is our lives revovle around cars to get us where we want to be and they have become a status symbol for many. the thought of being without a car scares most people, but limiting car usage is becoming more popular in cities, and has shown many advantages in the enviorment and in the communities. for example, the residents of vauban, germany have given up their cars compltely rosenthal. on the otherhand, paris, france banded driving due to smogonly odd license plates could drive one day and even numbered plates could drive the next day duffer. many advantages came with limiting driving in these cities such as, less air poplution from tailpipes, congestion lessened, and indroduced alternative ways of transportaion into differnet communities. passenger cars are  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe . . . and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the unites states rosenthal. this means if car usauge was limited than we could cut back on almost  percent of our polution in the united states. transportation is the second largest source for americas emissions rosenthal. the limiting of car usage would also help and knock down cars as being the second biggest emissions source in the u.s. without so much air polution in the united states we could live healthier and better lives. we would be able to ruduce global warmimg if we reduce the amount of driving we do. another advantage with limiting car usage would be the decrease in congestion around our city and towns. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog duffer. this means that traffic would die down as well, there would be no more rush hour after work, and the roads would be safer because there would be less people driving on them. lastly, limiting car usage would bring people to find alternative and healthier ways to get to where they need to be. in bogota, colombia every year for one day millions of people bike, skateboard, or take public transport to get where they want to be selsky. with people using alternative ways to get to work it would not only benefit the enviorment as well as benefiting their health. the answer is clear, we need to limit the usage of cars in america. other countries are doing it and now is our time to jump on board with the movement of less car movement. so the next time you get in the car and buckle your seatbelt think about the advantages that could come from not driving today.