what exactly is the facial action coding system? well it enables computers to identify human emotions and expressions. this is an interesting way to understand a indivuals emotional expressions. children in this mordern day have a tendency of hiding some deep emotions and expressional feelings from their peers,friends,and family. being able to figure out some of their emotions could save a lot of problems long term. the worst thing a person can do is hide their emotions from people. this can really lead to a bad depression or other sad emotional syndromes. in the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto it stated that of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy,worried, etc. this shows that a person understanding someone emotions is very diffucult. people can hide their feelings really well especially students when even they are having their worst day. facial action coding system can really help adults to understand the true emotions of a student. the story says that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human insturctor. this by far is an excellent idea. in the us in todays world a lot of students homework is online. not even just homework at school but in everyday life it has something to do with technology. by being said the students that cant comprehend the lesson, there can be an alternative assignment that they can to so at least they are learning something. doing something that you kind of know and bettering yourself at that is way more benefical then doing something you have no knowledge of. a lot of students dont ask for help when they are struggling with a assignment. most of the time they either skip it or copy down answer without getting the full structure of the material. if the students are not understanding something in a lesson the material is only going to get way harder for them without any help. in the end, the facial coding system is a great creation and will be very benefical toward students. teachers a very educated and have the knowledge to help the students. if they dont know who is struggling though at all times they cant help every student.