did you know that venus was maybe once like earth? and also maybe know that mechanical computers were used back in world war ii that nasa may get ther idea for a invention to study venus ? sounds shocking right, well let me tell how and why these two questions may sound odd, but intresting. nasa has been working on finding ways to study venus. they have simplified electronicsthat are made of silicon carbide that have been tested in a chamber that is like venuss surface, and has lasted for about  weeks in the comditons as venuss surface. they still are working on other inventions that will allow the machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully knowledge of venus. nasa has also wanted a ship to orbit and hover safely far above the planet so that it can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of photography and videography of venus. astronomers have wanted to return to venus but they wasnt a mission safe and scientifically productive. astronomers are fascinated by venus because they believe in the solar sytem long ago venus was like was just like earth at one point. they also believe that venus once had the features like eath like an ocean, mountains, valleys, and craters. in venusian geology and weather present erupting volcanoes and frquent lighting , and maybe even strikes on the land surfaces. venus atomosphere is about  percent of carbon dioxide and has a highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. its temaptures are an average over  degrees , its atmospheric pressure is  times greather that we experience on our own planet. each pervious mission was unmanned and maybe thats a good reason no spacecraft survived the landing, or ecplains why not a single spaceship hs touched down on venus in more than three decases. and is why astonomers have also wanted a safe mission to go to venus. and it is also why its a challenging planet for humans to study,which is like is said before why nasa has been wantiing to find good ways to study venus. another project taking us back to old technology us mechanical computers. these computures were used in world war ii,and these devices were used to make calculations andby using gears and levers and it did not require elctronic at al. modern computers are enormosly powerful, flexible and quick but tend to be more delicate when it came to physical conditons. systens that use nechanical parts can be made mire resistabt to pressure, heat a and other forces. so venus is a worthy, despite of the dangers and earth abd beyind should not be limited by daners abd doubts because uou shoild be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginatio and innovation. meeting the challenge to study venus has value but not because its interesting but because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimitdating endevaours.