exploration is key to a humans curiosity.many people will indeed be anxious to explore something that is said to be impossible or dangerous because of curiosity.the challenge of exploring venus is a prime example. in this article the author states different reasons why it is worth stuying venus depite the extreme dangers it brings. one reason why the author of this article supports his ideas well is because he used statistics or in other words he used pathos.in paragraph five, he said...a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way.he mentioned the idea of nasa creating a blimplike vehicle to fly over the venusian landscape.then he went on and entered his counterclaim by saying...far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground condition...,therefore venus would only be visible but not accesible and nasa would not be able to take samples of the planet. secondly,he states some facts about venus itself.he added that ...venus is the closests planet to earth in terms of density and size.this is a good fact to add in to give the idea as to why nasa would choose to attempt studying venus.also he siad that...humans have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on this clouddraped world.this gives the idea that the study of venus has already been attempted before and has unfortunately failed every single time. last but not least,in his conclusion he built a strong conclusion by mentionding in his opinion thatour travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginataion and innovation. this can be used for both life and nasa continuing on trying and trying until they succesfully study venus. in conclusion, the author supported his ideas well in the article. he supported his idead with statistics from nasa theirselves and he gave facts about venus. he also included his counterclaims. over all he gave a well informend and structures article.