a car is considered by many a nessecity for everyday life however, limited usage of our cars has many positive advantages. emissions from cars create greenhouse gasses, which are detrimental to our enviroment, and limiting the use of our cars can greatly cut down these emissions. also, many people say that using alternant modes of transportation cut down on the stress they expireinced whilst using a car. in fact, many people are no longer conserned with cars, and young people are begining to stop getting liscenses. the smog, which is caused by car emissions, in paris, france was so intense that the city had to place a partial ban on drivers. those with even number plates faced a fine if they drove on monday and, on tuesday those ith odd number plates would face the same fine if they drove. the ban was so successful in cutting down the smog that the ban was lifted in time for those with odd number plates to drive unrestricted on tuesday. source  paris isnt the only city to place bans on driving, in bogota, columbia one day a year the city celebrates the day without cars. the idea of this day is to help reduce smog and has even caught on in cali and valledupar, also in columbia. source  vauban, germany makes owning a car unappealing to residents by only allowing two places to park and creating a city plan that facilitates alternative modes of transportation. many of the residents as a result dont own cars and are happier this way! when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said resident heidrun walter. cities like vauban are result of a growing trend in europe called smart planning, which seprates auto use from suburban life.source  people all around the world also feel positive after limited car use. during the day without cars in columbia carlos arturo plaza states that the day is  a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. source  in  the average miles driven per american was down  from the peak of car usage. this may because the internet allow people to feel connected or possibly because many center cities renewal have made the suburbs less appealing. whatever the reason, one things for sure, there has been a substancial drop in the amount of  to year olds getting a liscence. source  america isnt the only place to expierence a drop in car usage. vauban, germany makes owning a car impractical and  of families sold their cars to live there, while  dont own cars. source  limiting car usage has positive effects on the enviroment and has shown effective at lowering stress in people. globally many are already starting to realize adavantages of cutting back on car usage. so while a car may seem like a nessecity, keep the advantages in mind.