lately there has been a lot of contreversy with ways to elect and which way is more effective and what is preferred by the majority of people. the problem with that is that many people are very biased when it comes to elections. many poeple are raised with a certain way that their parents might have thought them was correct and that was how they were taught to elect. although there is not a wrong way to elect, there are more effective and quicker ways to do it. i personally think that the best way to vote would be through popularity. electoral college is a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens.. many people think that electoral college is rubbish and complicated and i agree. according to paragraph ten in the passage the first sentence says  under the electoral college, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. which means that it is more of a process to vote through this system. instead of you inputing your opinion on who you would like to be president you are basically saying that you believe that this slate of electors have a better idea of who would be a better president. the electoral college is known to be extremely unfair to voters. in paragraph thirteen the second sentence states because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states. which is true because the slate of electors are obviously teams of people who root for the same candidate which gives independent voters close to no chance if they are not voting for the same candidate. overall i think that the electoral college way of voting is old and worn out and maybe its time that it went out of business and the popular vote takes its place. with the popularity vote not only do you get to have a chance of choosing the president without the electoral vote canceling out your vote but you also get to go around saying that youre part of the reason why your candidate won. many people may disagree with me and say that my opinion is not a good opinion but from all of the statements that i have heard, i will still continue to believe that the popularity vote is the best way to vote.