the use of the facial action coding system in the classroom is valuable because it can help students learn the material the instructor is teaching that day much faster allowing the students to have a fun yet educational experience in the classroom. the facial action coding system will make the classroom more entertaining to all grade levels even in college, and the system will identify the emotions the user is feeling and will adjust the lesson plan to the students liking. the emotions are one of the only ways we can tell what each other are feeling but also thinking at the moment. these days the only way that communicate mainly is through texting and most people dont like to call each other because people are becoming too caught up in technology to actually talk to the person they are trying to communicate with. also the people are becoming too lazy to actually call the person or actually go to the person in person and have their conversation with them. in the education department of the government they are coming up with all these standardized test to prove that the student is eligiable to go to the next level of education, but in most of the schools in the united states who use these standardized tests most of the students fail the test and have to retake the test again the next year or semester. with professor huangs creation of this tecnology the education system will be getting better and better tests results if this system is implemented into the schools all around the united states. the facial action coding system should be implemented into the school systems all around the world because every child deserves a good education even if they are poor or dont have money to pay for the schooling. the reason the facial action coding system should be implemented into the school systems all around the world because the software will help students all grade levels succeed in the real world and have a good education and will help the student find good jobs once they graduate high school or college. the facial action coding system could actually help therapy patients and patients with ptsd and help the therapists, doctors, and counselors figure out what the patients are thinking or feeling at the moment.