is venus really worth exploring? in the article  the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that sudying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, because of its really dangerous and unique athomosphere, and because it may have been the most earthlike planet once, and because it was probably covered in oceans. venus is really challenging to explore because of its harsh environment and a  thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide. in the article  the challenge of exploring venus, the author stated that,  no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours this quote shows that the environment in venus is so harsh that not even a space craft made out of metal., could withstand the enormous pressure of its atmosphere. in addition, scientist are really facinated by venus because its the only planet that resembles earth. scientist believe that venus was once the most earthlike planet in our solar system. in  the challenge of exploring venus the author exlaimed that  astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this quote shows that, even though venus posesess a really challenging atmosphere, is worth exploring because it may once have been able to support life. further more, scientist believe that venus, was probablycovered in oceans. venus is worth exploring because it was probably covered in oceans a long time ago. in the article the author said, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this implies that, since there probably used to be water on venus, there is a chance that venus could have supported life at one point. because where there is water, there must be life. in conclusion venus is worth studying and exploring, despite the dangers it presents. because, of its unique atmosphere and environment, and because it may have been the most earthlike planet once, and finally because, it was probably covere in oceans. to wrap this up, venus should be widely studied and explored because, its important to unveal the mysteries, the blue planet is hiding underneath that thick atmosphere.