driveless cars can be a very great enhancement in the futures society. driveless cars can save fuel, they have very high experience, and they contain many gadgets to hold itself together for a very long time. first reason why driveless cars are a good enhancement to the society is that it would save money and time. he envisions a future with public transportation system where fleets of drivelss cars form a publictransport taxi system. the cars he forsees would use half of todays taxis and offer more flexibilty than a bus. paragraph  integrating a transportation system would save peoples money for a bus pass, or even someones time. second reason why driveless cars would help society because driveless cars have good experience on the road. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. paragraph  their has been very little accidents with driveless cars than there has been with humans driving cars. third reason why driveless cars are positive to the society is that the google cars has many reasonable parts and technology to hold itself together. google modified toyota prius using positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, gps receiver, and a inertial motion sensor. the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof, dubbed lidar. paragraph  the technology of all the input is great enough to acheive the skill of a human at the wheel. driveless cars can be very helpful to society. however, traffic laws writes that with a assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. feedback from the google cars driving before  spectulates that,so far, they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveway or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. paragraph  driveless cars dont have complete control over the car at all times, so drivers must still be focused at all times. driveless cars can be a great renaissance to the society. it will help save money, save time, and would be a great thing to tell our kids about.