do you think you would be able to live without your car? it would be less difficult than you think! in fact, there is a whole town named vauban, germany, that has given up their cars! according to source , street parking, driveways, and home garages are generally forbidden, unless of course you have the money to buy a parking garage space for a whopping ,. a citizen of the carless town, heidrum walter admits, when i had a car, i was always tense. im much happier this way. passenger cars are resposible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and up to  percent in some areas of the us, according to source . if only we had more towns like vauban, maybe our impact on the world would be less destructive. some towns ban cars for a few days at a time. paris enforced a partial driving ban after days of nearrecord pollution. congestion in paris went down  percent and the smog from the pollution cleared up enough that they rescind the ban. some people would complain that having little to no cars will be an issue for jobs, delivery companies, or getting children to and from places. theres always a bus, and theres always the option of car pooling! bogota, columbia is another town that has done a car free day, except bogotas is annual. these columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to places during the carfree day, according to source . businessman carlos arturo plaza says, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. as a result of this annual carfree day,  miles of bicycle paths have been constructed in bogota. i think more towns should ban cars for just a few days. we could all get a little excersize, help the environment, and improve our mood and lower stress! a recent study found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and , source  says. the number of miles driven in the us was at its height in  and dropped steadily after. in april , the number of miles driven per person was almost  percent below that peak! some sociologists believe that if this pattern continues, it will have lots of beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, according to source . some places, such as new york, have carsharing programs and bikesharing programs, which is a nice way to get from place to place thats healthy for you and your environment. theres so many reasons why we should use our cars less! like i explained, its very healthy for your environment, and if you choose to walk or bike, its healthy for your body, too. also, pollution rates would go down quite a lot if we would just carpool or walkbike to places! people have said that they feel so much happier and stress free from not using a car all the time. so why not take the time to help your environment and call somebody up to carpool, get that bike fixed, or hop on that bus!