driverless cars are the future! google has had cars that could drive idependently since . thier cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far , google cars aernt truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when dealing with complicated traffic issues. driverless cars have been around for a while now even though they are not fully developed they are becoming more and more relavent and its time to imbrace that. imbrace that they may even help prevent any sort of crash in the future. while also getting people to thier destinations fast and saftely. there are still problems to face even in the light of things. for example. most driving laws focus on keeping drivier, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states t is illegal even to test computer driven cars. there are still many strides to take in acheving driverless cars on rode but as soon has those obsticles are tackled everyone will be much happier. with saftey has the main concern the laws that will be made for these driverless cars will insure that the utmost care and concern for health take precident. as soon has the laws have been made the states wil also be more open the idea of a drverless car on thier streets. has stated earlier there are still a few problems with the idea of driverless cars but they are really close to frution. possibly even on the cusp on perfection. in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completly driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the rode ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. all of that simply means driverless cars are not  percent driverless but they very very close. if they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves thats half the battle and the rest will follow in suite with time. googles modified toyota prius uses postionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotatng sensor on the roof, a video camera mountedd near the rearview mirrior, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciver, and an inertial motion sensor. the most impportant bit of technology in this system is the spinn sensor on the roof. dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constanctly uppdating d model of the cars surrondings. the technology is there for the drverless cars to start becoming a real prossiblity in the near future. they may even fully take over and allow for a much more easy going experinces while driving. and also allow for beyond human level control of the ride.  telsa has prjected a  release for a car capable of driving on the autopilot  percent of the time. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plam to have cars that can drive themselves by . the rode to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us. but we grow closer to the destination everyday. fully driverless cars really are in the near future. there are small little pushes that still must be made but right around the corner of those is a paradise of safe relaxing transportation for all to use. with driverless cars the future will be a bright one. and saftey while driving will no longer be a concern.