driverless cars could be the car of the future. many companies like gm and google are working to create the driverless car. they are working on improving the models that were already created, but these new care could lead to bad events. because of the lack of human attention, computer errors, and new liability questions driverless cars should not be developed. sitting in the drivers seat of a driverless car, may cause more issues than benefits. according to the article, the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. in order to drive. the human can not be distracted by phones or food, but with the idea of being in a driverless car, the human will be. in selfdriver cars, people are distracted by their phones, even though they must pay attention to road. the distracions will be more dangerous in driverless cars because as the article states, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. when people enter the new cars, they will believe that they do not have to pay attention because the car is driverless. when the car malfunctions, the person is the car would be so distracted that even with devices to get the drivers attention, he or she would not be able to react quickly enough. the extreme lack of attention would cause accidents, injuries, and deaths. driverless cars are run by sensors, hardware, and software. in many cases, these items are known to crash or suddenly stop working. a computer crashing can lead to bad events and having that computer crash while driving a car would make the events twice as worse. the brakes may stop working, the car might steer itself off the road, or it could even steer into another car. if humans have no control over the car, they can not try to steer the car the other way when it crashes. people would believe they are invincible with the new cars, but techhnology is know to fail. when technology fails, the driverless car would get into some crash. with the crash, liabiltiy questions would erupt. the article states that if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? the person in the driver seat would want to blame the car and the company that created it. the car company would want to blame the person for lack of attention. according the the article, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in case of an accident. this creates more trouble for state governments. driverless cars seem great innovative with the idea of not having to ever drive again. although there is real danger that accompanies driverless cars. with the thought of the car being invincible, humans will be less alert. when the system goes down, people would not be able to react in time. the people who do not react in time would cause accidents and blame the car companies. driverless cars would be more trouble than helpful.