in this article driverless cars are coming, the author states negative and positive things about driverless cars. there are many reasons these cars can be positive or negative. the driverless cars would have a more positive effect on the driving world. there are multiple reasons the driverless cars are a good thing for everybody. the text states, their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. this evidence from the article shows that these driverless cars are safe. there are multiple crashes a day with regualr human driven cars. with these driverless cars humans would be much safer. the text also states, google cares arent truly driverless they still alert the driver... this shows that the car is not fully driverless, but this may help to keep the driver alert. this helps whoever is driving stay more alert while on the road. according to the text, for starters, they needed a whole lot of sensors. this illustrates how the company will add many sensors to the driverless car. they want to make the car as smart as possible. this text shows that they are trying to copy the skill of a human driving a car. one example from the text is they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves... this proves that the driverless cars can do many things. it goes to show how many good qualities the driverless car has. there are many more things about this car that are very helpful when it comes to driving. many people may say that driverless cars are a negative thing. all of this evidence from the text clearly states that they are very positive. they may say they are too expensive or that they are not completley driverless. the company is not done constructing these smart cars. they are hoping to become fully driverless. there are very few negative aspects about the driverless car. there are many positive things about the driverless car. the development of these cars is going to have a positive effect on many people around the world. these cars will help keep people safe. the world is constantley changing with new technology. this car is just another positive change in the world.