no, i do not agree with america creating driverless cars . depending on a machine to navigate the roads and sucessfully take you to your destination is an accident waiting to happen litterally. who would be at fault if a wreck were to accure? would you really be able to have piece of mind while letting your car do the driving? first, you have to think about who would really be at fault if an accident happened. in the article it states that if technology fails and someone is injured who is at fault  the driver or the manufacturer? well it would be challenging to understand that fully, because if something were to happen with one or more sensors malfunctioning, than how can you blame the driver in that case? the maufaturing companies would have to run numerous tests and double check to insure that all of the sensors and gadgets on the vehicle are in working order and stay that way so they deliver a safe product on their part. at the time of the wreck, you will have to take into concideration what each driver was doing, and the steps leading up to the event to come to a conclution of who fault it is. secondly, the cars arent  driverless, you still have to take over the wheel when need be. when in these cars, the driver has to give hisher full attention at all times, so you might as well be in an ordinary vehicle. a quote from the text states their cars have driven more than a million miles without a crash but sofar, googles cars arent trully driverless they alert the drivers to take over the when pulling in and out of drive ways or dealing with complicated issues, such as navagating through road work or accidents. having to take over when their is a contruction zone or driveways etc, is not the deffinition of a full driverless car to me. lastly, the cars have fancy sensors and other tools and whatnot , but these cars still call for human skills. driverless cars are intelligent but may not be able manage a situation if you were to look down at your phone quickly or something else along the lines of that. the information states that they can steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road requires human skills. you have to stay focused on the road and guide the car if needed in a situation. if you want to not stay locked on the road and do another thing while in the car, these vehicles are not for you. in conclusion, i do not approve of these inventions until it is proved that they are  safe and until you dont have to pay attention to driving the whole time. driverless cars still need the skill of a human behind the wheel, they arent fully driverless and something may not work in proper order, and also you have to think about who would be at fault if a wreck happened. these are all things we need to take into concideration before going out and purchasing one of these new vehicles.