our curosity leads us to many things despite the dangers, every human on earth are curious, about something. curosity can lead us to danger or it can lead us into something big. the author claims well enough to make you think, if studing venus is worth doing. despite the dangers isnt it better to try then not have tried at all, progress is still progress. someone or some, but a lot are curious, it is what makes us human, thinking of doing or having the challenge in us. wouldnt it be amazing to to discover what venus has in store? venus could have things that we never thought of could exist, this makes the progress worth knowing. this made me feel curious of knowing more about it, one day knowing what scientist have discovered in planet venus could be something amazing. the danger that comes along with worth studing venus seems better not to try to move on with our lifes and stop trying to explore venus. but has that stopped people doing amazing things despite the danger it comes along with it? people have climbled all the way to the top of mount everest being the biggest mountain on earth, coming along with danger with involving death or getting your hand or leg getting cut off because of the low temperatures. people going through the heardest things in life but later on succeding even when getting discriminated or getting yourself killed. but then you are known to being the most inflentual person on earth. all those things turned out to be amazing things, that know matter the consequences or danger its better to try then not haved tried. there is something that will come along the way to get there. in evidence  another project is looking back to an old technonolgy called mechanical computers. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii . the thought of somputers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears annd levers and do not require electronics at all. modern computers are enormosly powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat and other forces. so thats a step to trying to get to know more about it. anything is possible if you put your mind to it. even though we been on earth for a thousands of years, but we are just getting to know or discover more things even out of our planet earth. curosity is always on are minds for an example how many candies do you think are in that jar? or how did you make that object fit when it seems impossible to make it fit, and many more that makes us wanting to know more.  astronomers are facianted by venus because it may well once have been most earth like planet on are solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features such as valleys, mountains, and craters.  wouldnt that be amazing to know how close or different plant venus could be to are planet earth. only trying will get us to are answers.