using details from the article, i can write an essay evaluating how well the author supports the idea, that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by, while yes there are many risks to exploring venus and other planets but in the long run it could help out. the reason it could help out is if we found a planet near ours like venus that in some way shape or form could be inhabited by humans it could give society and its people more places to go so we dont have as many over populated areas. an other big reason we could benefit from figuring out if venus can be inhabited is if that planet has usefull resources we can stop using as many gmos as we do in our foods. a place that has the biggest issue of having overpopulation and has to resort to using gmos in there foods is japan. some places in japan the overpopulation is so bad that it has created a very large increase in the amount of polution that is in the air, its so bad in some areas that in the morning you can see the polution while just walking which has made it so the kidsadults of japan have to wear some sort of mask to not get sick get poisened by the air. if we do end up figuring out that venus and some other planets in our solar system can be inhabited we can decrease this issue by sending some of those people to venus. its not only in japan that this issue of overpopuation is occuring, you can see it occuring more and more in the usa with all the refugees and people from other parts of the world coming to live in the usa. the reason i am making these claims and the information i am using to support my reasoning is, in the text it stated that.  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some of the features that are analogous to those of earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features suck as valleys, mountains, and craters. if scientist can conform that venus was once inhabited by some sort of life form, they can possibly figure what type of life form this was and maybe figure out why they are no longer there. if they can figure out why that certain life form left or died off we can possibly reverse what had happened. which will lead us to being able to inhabite another planet and could reduce the amount of over population and further problems here on earth by splitting up our population. it could also help the human race live longer and help so that the human race does not die off. in the long run i do think that figuring out if the planet venus can be inhabited, i also think that from my information and the information that the author gave you to can see the reason why this discovery is so crusual to our society and race.