the challenge of exploring venus is that venus sometimes called the evening star because is the one of the brightest points of the light in the night sky. venus is the second planet from our sun. sometimes people called the earth twins because venus is the cloest planet to earth term of density and size. between venus and mars is the sun because there sun goes in different speed. venus can be a challenging because of the clouds and of the highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus atmosphere. this shows that venus has a thick atmosphere of almos  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. venus temperatures average is over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what thet experiene on our own planet. the other thing is that vens has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our system. beyond the high pressure and the heat venusian geology and weather present additional impediment like erupting volcanoes, pwerful earthquakes. venus can be a chanllenging because in venus it has powerful earthquakes and also erupting volcanoes its dangerous to be there because the temperature has the hottest surface of any other planets. venus can be sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. however venus can be ship obriting or hovering safly far above the planet can provide only limited insight on the ground conditions because of the most forms of the light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. people cannot take samples of rock or gas or anything else from a distance. they are challenging many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to there knowledge if venus. now nasa is working on other approaches to study venus. they are simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus surface and have lasted for three weeks i such conditions. there other project is called the mechanical computers. these devices were the first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the w during world war ll. all modern computers are enormously powerful flexible and quick, but they are tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. venus has been the challenge it has been a value, but not only becuase of the insight to be gained, but also that human curiosity will likely lead them into many equally intimidating endeavors. there travels on earth and beyond should not be limited because by the dangers and doubts. its really dangerous to be in venus because you never know what will happen in that planet.