the future of driverless cars could you think about yourself not having to worry about driving your car anymore? this is becoming a possibility with all the new technology automobile companies are using to make this happen. but, there are some people that are opposed to this idea becasue of some problems that could come from this this idea also has a majority of supporters too which myself is one of them. there is some bad things about it dealing with traffic and accidents but there is stress relief for not having to drive and not worrying about the road. also you would be able to do whatever you want while the car is driving to your destination. i support the idea of the self driving car for many reasons that will soon help all drivers. the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. with the cars technology ability to be able to mimic the human driver is a huge factor for self driving because it can do all the driving that a human does normally. some people especially hate driving because it casues them stress and anger so i think if every car was self driving there would be no problems, no traffic, and no accidents to worry about. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. this quote is talking about how only few states let companies test autonomous cars which hinders the developement of the cars and their safety for all of us because how can you make a better car if you cant test in in real situations. this is a problem with the testing becaus ethe car cant become better and solve the problems if there is not testing done. on the other hand of the argument there is many things still wrong with the cars and their saftey. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this is a big problem witht he cars because technology usually fails at some points in time and if this causes a big accident and people are hurt it will cause so much frustration and confusion on everyone invloved. another point about the problems of the car is this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. the quote has a big meaning because whats the point of having self driving cars that you need to worry about while its driving? they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the whole point of the self driving cars is its ability to be able to do these things so it should be able to switch could be developed later on. so in conclusion the self driving cars in my perspective are a good idea but it will come with soem complications as does everythign else. this would be a huge step for the human race and would benefit alot of people. the technology will grow and the problems will become less until we have reached the point where there is no problems with the cars and their abilities.