work. school. party. no matter what you have on your to do list you still have to get there, so why are car sales going down and how is it benificial to our society? teens and young adults can often be heard discussing what brand of car they one day hope to buy and all the modifications they will make to trick it out. many people though end up being  or older before they actually get that car they always talked about, and despite parents claim of laziness there could be more to it then that. so what advantages could there be to a world with fewer cars on the road? the first topic that is at the forfront of the minds of most people just starting out their new life is cost. the world revolves around money, thats just the way it is, so many people are finding themselves cutting out things that they dont really need. now i know what your thinking but before you begin your argument that you really need that blue mercedes you saw in the magazine think about just how much that cost compared to your last paycheck, not so exiting anymore right? with public transportation becomingh more and more avalible many people are choosing to take the public bus rather then buy their own car. another thought is all those taxes you pay. what you thought they went to police and teachers wages and building nice little parks for the kiddies? well acording the environmantal protection agency  goes into making highways and other transport, and why do they need that much money? because we drive  tons over them every day. many of the more polluted citys are even begining to put laws into place banning or restricting traffic in some areas and placing fines on those who violate them. between the purchase price and matnence as well as gas and the money used to fund roads and highways theres a lot of dough pouring into your car drives. now heres the topic i know your all tired of hearing about but its still very important, the environment. car emmisions are the second biggest source of polllution in the atmosphere, first place going to powerplants and third place being cows, yes cows. is a world blanketed in smog and smoke where the very air that sustains you is poison the kind of place you want to live in or, for that matter, raise kids in? its not the the planets health were talking about here its the health of everything living on it including us. while were on the topic of health one of the greatest health issues in america is obesity, now imagine if everyone left their cars at home and walked or biked instead, the whole country would be healthier then ever before. and you know how when you go into the country the air smells so nice and clean, well that could be the city too if we just cut back on emmisions, we could have nice fresh air as well. now think of your children, or friends or even yourself, just outside playing football when a car comes by and almost hits you, dozens of people die every day in car crashes that wouldnt if there were less cars on the road. so think of the health of your familly, your friends, your pets, and yourself. finally we have the cultural shift, many americans are already choosing to carpool take public transport or even just walk and less and less are buying cars. this trend is so noticibly prominent that car companys are trying to come up with new ideas and products to keep their customers coming. citys are coming up with new systems of bike and car borrowing as well as a partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and imporve safty. so for those of you that cant stand to be left behind by the times jump on the band wagon and you can do your part to bring about a new cleaner era in the world. cars, the parasprites of a modern age, keep multiplying and destroying more and more. the emmisions given of by these monstrosities will linger more many a milenia poisoning the air we breath and devastating the world out children will inherit. unless we do something to stop it now this travesty will continue to ravange all life on the planet untill we are on the brink of extinction, so do us all a favor and help to push this new trend of a car free world.