have you ever wondered what someone is feeling? with this new technology called the facial action coding system, it is truly possible. you can detect the emotions people are feeling through this technology advancement. using this new technology serves great purpose and value to us as consumers because it is created to help us understand our history and advance in other forms of technology. to begin, the facial recognition technology serves great purpose and value because it unlocks new discoveries in our history. with this being said, new beginnings are coming about because we know more about how mona lisa was feeling while da vinci was painting this famous portrait that is spoken about all across america. it gives insight on the deeper meaning of this painting. for example, we now know that da vinci must have studied the human body in order to create such a wonderful piece of artwork. in the text it states,yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. due to his great knowledge of the human body and muscles he was able to paint precise emotions and because he painted such precise emotions, people today were able to unlock how she felt during this time. a new discovery. after all, this advanced tech can now bring this history piece to life. in the text it states,using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. this creates a new perspective of how we view our history and it also could unlock mysteries in our histories past. in addition,this technology advancement was created only to help people. as consumers, we always think about, what would this do for me? with that being said, the facial action coding system could have a positive affect on our medicines, entertainment, and medical technology. in the text it states,the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery. the one thing i think about when i hear america is sports, which is a form of entertainment. the new technology could benefit our use of televisions and radios or smartphoneswhich we watch sports on. another thing i think about it when someone is speaking about this country is medical purposes. our country has amazing medical advances and technology. the facial coding could help create a better understanding or a better alternative for complicated technology. then again, as consumers we also spend alot of time on social media or looking at ads. sometimes there are things we are not interested in at all but they annoyingly still pop up. with the facial coding, our faces can be detected if we like the ad and if we do not like the ad. this benefits us greatly because it shows what we do want to see and what we do not want to see. in the text it states,for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown,the next ad will be different. many might say this does not matter but ads are everywhere and our world is only going to rely on computers, or other forms of technology so why not embrace it and try to advance too? in conclusion, the facial action coding system serves great purpose and value to us as consumers because it is created to help us understand our history and advance in other technology.