whats that thing on the moon dad? that is a land form, its not on the moon but on mars a planet far away from us. the landform on mars in natural, even if it looks like a face. you can see things closeer up in a digital image, there are many equivilent landforms on earth that are natural, and lots of theories are exagerated. the landform on mars is a mesa, and there are many like it on earth. as the text states, it remids me most of middle buttein the snake river plain of idaho... just because something that is here and its known it is natural doesnt mean that on another planet it was made by or is extra terrestial. theories about the mesa on mars being from other lifeforms was exagerated. as the text says,  the face on mars has become a pop icon. it has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, rado talk shows even haunted grocery stores for  years! over time the face on mars probably got twisted, just like a game of telephone. the truth probably got mushed with scifi. a digital image in taken in  showed nothing but rocks no tools, and the picture was very shap and discerning. the text states, malins team captured an extrodinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. each pixel in the photo covered . meters insteaf of  meters per pixel. as a rule of thumb you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. this means that if there were tools, construction equipment, or anything from extra terrestrials that they would be visible in the picture. there was nothing there but landforms and rocks. in  the best picture taken was when mars was foggy and skeptics and theorists said that markings could be hidden. but in  a new picture was taken and it showed that the landform only had the markings the rest of the planet. the red dust and rocks. the landform on mars in natural, even if it looks like a face. you can see things closeer up in a digital image, there are many equivilent landforms on earth that are natural, and lots of theories on the face are exagerated. before you speculate, have your facts straight.