the story  the challenge of exploring venus was all about venuse. the story explained that venus is dangerous, its not safe for people to go up to venus and they are thinking about sending technology to venus. venus is very dangerous. in the story it say that venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. that is not good imagine a nasa researcher going to venus to get information they would not even make it back because of how hot it is. venus is something were people should not go. also in the text it says that venus would not allow scientists to float above the fry. that quot from the text is very important because it is clealy warrning you that it is dangerous. venus is not very safe for humansresearchers. in the story it says that  beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes to probes seekinhg to land on its surface. just reading that littke sentence you can tell venus is no joke it is very dangerous. the national aeronautics and space administration would not even send a human to study venus. in the story the author talked about sending mechanical computers to venus to get the information they need. that would be very smart to send old technology mechanical computers insted of humans it would be way safer. in the story the author states that these divices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. so i belive that if these mechanical computers did the job back in s then it can do the job now because we have better technology no then we did back then. also it states in the story that modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible and quick but tend to be more delicaye when it comes to extrem phisical condidtions. if they send these computers they can really get their information andit would save more human lives because then the humans would not have to go to venus toget the information they need. in conclusion venus is dangerous, its not safe for humans to go up to venus and they are thinking about sending tecnology computers to get information.