in this article driverless cars are coming i agree with them. it would be nice to have cars that can help us drive or even drive for us. first that would be really good for peoplewho drink and drive. then it would be the same for people who are tired from work or an type of activity and cant drive because there just so tired.plus i feel its a good investment in our country, instead of getting a taxi. first i think its a good idea because the people who drink and drive now have this driverless car to take them home. there friends dont have to worry if he or she made it home safetly cause there is this car that is keeeping them safe from driving. they wont hurt anybody or themselves. also if they do try to drive and put there hand on the wheel maybe they should have the car sense there is too much alchahol in there system.like how paragraph  said that they will needed a whole lot of sensors for the car so maybe then can put a sensor like that put in the car. then the people who are tired from work and from doing something very tiring or the people who cant see even at night and they suufer from driving and they end up up a car crash so the car can help them out a lot because many people suffer from not seeing in the dark when they drive. or when you go grocery shopping and your reallly tired and cant really much for yourself the car is there for you to take you home. last, its a good investment for our country in paragraph  they mention that the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibllity than a bus. so i feel why not take up that offer when there is so many companies out there that offer a taxie system, so we can replace all of that and save more money in this counry and possibly other contries. having to pay for a ride from and back can burn your pockets when you can use half that with the driverless car. i feel you can save so much more money that way ecespically when you use the taxi sytem everyday. when you think about it thats thousands a year. so i say just invest in the car and it would be better for you and me in the the end. in conclusion i think that driving driverless cars are good with me im totally with it in the end.