venus is often referred to as the twin of earth. it is the second closest planet to the sun. space crafts have been sent to venus despite its extreme conditions. there has not been any humans sent to venus. the last spacecraft was sent was three decades ago. spacecrafts have not lasted more than a few hours after landing in venus. the author of this article suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. astronomers and scientists are fascinated by venus because it is the most similar planet to earth. in the article it states that long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today venus has some features that are the same to those of earth. venus has valleys, mountains, and craters. mars and venus are the closest planets to earth and often times mars is closer than venus. due to the speed, it changes which two planets is closest. nasa is working on technology that would allow further studying on venus. one of their solutions to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. this means that they would have something that could fly over the many storms to avoid the bad conditons. this idea is more thought out than the spacecrafts that would have to land and would only last a few hours. another one of nasas projects is simplified electronics made of silicon carbide that have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. the author does have some convincing details in the article. though the conditions of venus do seem harsh and there has not been anymore attempts to send more projects down to venus in three decades. it does seem like nasa is working hard to get things fixed and ready for a possiblity of sending projects down. the details presented were convincing and it makes a good article. the author is pursuading but the conditions that venus holds are not convincing.