the facial action coding system is a great achivement in science and technology, but should it be used in your computer at school? there are many reasons why using this coding systam could be a great thing in the class room, or a disaster. as stated in the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, if we could put this in our everyday school computers, it could calculate whether or not a student is having trouble with a lesson and change it for them to help them. what are the pros? what are the cons? some of the pros to using this coding system in students computers is as stated in the article, it could read the studens facial expresssions and determan if he or she is confused or having trouble understanding the lesson. if it could do this it could change the way the lesson it tought better helping the student understand. but what if schools dont teach lessons online. for example, my school does not teach lessons online. our teachers might give us website addresses to look up and use for studying, depending on the teacher. unlike other schools around me that do elearning. they either stay at home, or go to school and do a whole days work off of their school issued computers. this facial action coding system would work greatly for those students that do elearning, but not so much for the ones that dont. secondly, does this system cost anything? if so how much? and do schools really need to spend extra money on a system to be installed in our computers? schools have gotten along just fine without this for years. schools did just fine before they were even using technology like computers in the first place. i dont think that we are really in need of something like this. students using the internet to do assigments always ask questions if they have any. those students also have internet acsess if they are working on online assignments, so they could also search for more websites to help them better understand. another topic listed in the article was using the coding systam to learn if that person was intrested in an add that showed up on their computer or not. i belive that adds are already annoying enough, i do not want a coding systam reading my face and giving me adds that i would be more intrested in. doing so would distract that person from trying to get their work done. for example, if i was a student scrolling through a website i am using to fill out an assignment for school, i dont want a bunch of adds poping up distracting me from my work. espesially when its and add that intrests me. if its something that intrestes me, then im more likely to click on it distracting me from my work. i sertanly wouldnt want that to happen, and i belive nobody else does either. really there are a lot of great points to both sides of the topic, but it is mainly up to the schools if they want to use the facial action coding system or not. they only need to ask themselfs the right questions. do our teachers teach offline alot? do we have the money for technology like this? and do our students really want to use this or not?