in the article driverless cars are coming the aouthor presents two both possitive and negative aspects of driverless cars. in which i found that a driverless car would not be a good idea. i found this to not be a well thought out plan due to the technology could fail, the cars cant navigate through work zones or around accidents and human drivers would eventually get bored of sitting there and doing nothing and would want to eventually drive. first, thing that would be on anyones mind about being in a car that you can not fully control is what if an accicdent was to accour or the cars systems began to fail? who would be blamed the driver or the company that produced the car? in the article the author states that ...even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fualt the driver or the manufacturer? this proving that when the laws are changed the person whom is at fualt may not at all be fair since it could have been the manufacturers fualt and not the driver. second, reason why driverless cars would not be all the great is because the cars can not navigate throught work zones and accidents, so what goood would a driverless car be when it can not even navigate around everyday issues. in the story it states they can steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this showing hwo the driverless cars wont be complettely driverless which would then compleicate things for certain drivers and, or the manufacturers in case of a navigation error. lastly, drivers would eventually get bored of just not doing anything and would want to drive but would not be able to because there cars would be self driven. inthe article on paragraph  it states why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?... this evoctaing how not only would you get bored while waiting since you can do other things while in the car if you have to drive and you are doing somthing which you cant automaticlly take over it could cause and accident and it would not be at all safe. in conclusion, driverless cars are not a good idea due to the fact that the technology could fail and then who would be at fualt may be a problem or simple unfair. the cars can not go through work zones or accidents so why would you want a driverless car that you still have to drive in case of something like that. thirdly, drivers would be bored waiting for there turn to drive and if they were to do something else and could not automaticlly take conrol that could cause issues for themselves and other drivers. so why would you want a selfdriven car when driving so such so much more fun and better?