the author of the challenge of exploring venus belives that exploring venus is a worthy challenge despite its challenges. based on how they have written this article i can say the that the author succeeded at laying out his claim and evidence. the author starts off by stating facts about the star in our sloar planet from nicknames, temperature, as well as atmoshpere. the text states  venus, sometimes called the evening star is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. the author also states  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmosheric pressure is  times greater that what we experience on our own planet. later on in the passage the author starts to ask the reader a questions and provides answers to them. the text sates if our sister planet is so inhospitable, then why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface?. and answers with  astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, moutains, and craters. this body paragraph is another eason why i believe that the author provided a good claim. the author then continues to nasas ideas on further exploring the harsh surfaces of venus. the suthor states  nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. then gives more detail about the process. the text states imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. the author then discusses the problems about the idea that nasa has come up with and the other possible solutions for exploring venuss harsh surface. the passage states peering at venus from a ship or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limit insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffectve. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. the author also states nasa is working on other aproaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have laster for three weeks in such conditons. another project is looking back to an old technolgy called mechanical computers. based on the information that i have presented from the authors claim and passage, shows that this claim and evidence is correct and is a valid statement to be made by the author.