i honestly think driverless cars are an excellent idea. they could help drivers out a lot and possibly change transportation forever. there are a couple reasons why i believe driverless cars should happen. the first one is that driverless cars will make it easier to travel long distances. that reason is followed by the fact itd be easier to drive if you have small children in the vehicle. and the last reason i have on why driverless cars should become popular is that there will be a lot less accidents. the first reason i believe driverless cars should become popular is that it could make traveling long distances a lot easier than it always has been. with a driverless car, you wouldnt have to stop and take breaks due to you being tired. this would reduce the time it took to reach your destination. with the car being able to drive itself, you also wouldnt have to stop and sleep. the car could work on getting you to where youd like to go and you could get back in control after you were well rested. i know these things seem dangerous and impossible, but im sure driverless car companies could come up with things to alert you if need be. vibrating seats or a loud announcement would be good ideas on how to wake a driver if they are needed. another reason im convinced driverless cars are great is because it would be a lot easier to drive with small children. while the car is operating itself, you could look back and check on the kids a couple times. if the children were in absolute need of anything, you could take care of it while the car took care of all of you. if, by chance, youre needed to drive while your attention is focused on the children, the car could let you know. like i said previously, vibrating seats or a loud announcement would work perfectly to get your attention but flashing lights or something like that could work as well. the last reason i strongly believe that driverless cars are incredible is that there would be a huge decrease in traffic accidents. the driverless cars will always obey traffic laws, proper steering, accleration, braking. people wont have to worry about drunk drivers as much either, with the car doing most of the work the driver wont be doing anything really. theres also no possible way for a car to be drunk. the last reason i have on why driverless cars would prevent accidents is that you wouldnt have to worry about bad weather unless the car needed you to navigate. thick snow, rain, sleet or foggy windshields would no longer be an issue if cars could drive themselves. i firmly believe in driverless cars changing the ways of transportation for good. driverless cars can make it easier to travel long distances, uncomplicate driving with small children, and prevent vehicular accidents. without the complications of driving when it isnt the best choice, transportation will be more simple for everyone.