facial action coding system can be able to identify human emotions and how easy is for humans identify emotions from another person face to face. facial action coding system can be able to identify human emotions because is a new system that is been using with anatomical information to make it easy to identify every single people just looking at some exactly angles on their face. in the text it states, ...studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. the text also states, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang. so comouters need to understand that, too. the text finally states, the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor videogames or video surgery. facial action coding system can be able to identify human emotion because humans uses nonverbal communication every single moment like, if they saw something that they dont like or they dont prefer there face use to make some gestures that even the person dont even know that make that face that had express hisher emotions. the coding that this new computers have his so amazing because demostrates how technology had been make and evolution in so many people and not only people also around the world. but this kind of techology also is not the best because it put your identity in danger because the emotions that you make the computer stores all the emotional expressions and maybe with the time another people will have or find access to this archives. facial action coding system can be able to identify human emotions because the face is something that reveals how humans feel just looking at your ayes or your mouth, the face cannot hide nothing. in the text it states, its allabout those muscular action units. they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. the text also states. according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. the text finally states,  to an expert, faces dontt lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. facial action coding system can be able to identify human expressions because sometimes people likes to be alone when they feel sad, so they likes like to text with other people but the only thing they are looking at is the computer. the computer may been seen how the person is feeling because looks at some exactly angles on their faces to identify they real emotinal expressions of that moment when nobody is looking at them and may stores them so the computer have and example how the person faces looks like when is sad, happy or angry and also when the person is smiling and the smile is force because when a smile is forces always will look like very diferent because the muscles are making other movement, very different when the smile is spontaneousand real. in conclusion, the facial action coding system can be able to identify human emotions because have the carateristics that make it unique to identify emotionals expressions and that will be not possible if the help of science will not be there to support this new technology and give some advices to make this possible and valuable for the scientists and the people that are using it to take advantage or for something really helpful witch may be the case for some people that hide their emotions, this technology can be a treatment for them that can show they are not the only ones and with that problem and it is normal but they have to be happy with this new technology that can help them.