one car, one life, one big accident. that is all the future is asking to develope by continuing to try to improve and inspire people to use driverless cars. i do not think driverless cars should ever become a new big thing for many reasons. they can malfunction on you. they still need assestence if they cant handle a road situation. they might not update any new laws or road changes nearby. there is so many negative reasons and thoughts that appear when thinking about the development of driverless cars. my first reason to why i am against driverless cars is because they can always malfunction. what if it doesnt see an animal in the road and runs it over will it stop to help, would it starting loosing control? who knows because your not the one behind the wheel. you could have stopped and saved that poor animal, instead you let your car take control. also what if it just shuts down? turns off completely in the middle of the road. all electronics have a point in time where they are slow and slowly begin to shut down. how long would you have the car to keep? do you think a driverless car can last you up to  years? maybe if your lucky. the weather and the technology cant keep up and hold its together as long as a gas opperated automobile is. what if it doesnt let you take control because it malfunctions and you end up hurting someone? like it says in the text if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacture? also, what even is the point to have an automotive that still needs you in the car. if its not smart enough to drive without needing your assistence it would be useless. so say you are driving down the street and your texting and letting you car drive on its own. all of a sudden it crashes and hurts other including yourself. it would still be your fault even though you was not the one driving. in other words if you get in a car accident would the police put your car in jail or you? well you offcorse if your even recovered from the crash your car has put you in anyways. driverless cars allows drivers to think they can keep their eyes off the road when all reality they have to pay attention and be alert. if you have to have your eyes remained on the roads at all times then you might as well drive, atleast you will be secure and more alert. finally the car over all is just a big mimic. people are tying to develope objects with human like qualities. in the text it even says the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. personally i believe being human is special and an automobile can never be as special as a human life. yes we may love our cars but never as much as one would love there children, friends, or family. driverless cars are just an overall bad idea and we should keep our state safe and the people in it. im not the only one who agrees. driverless cars are illegal in most states. in the text it mentions as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. this shows that im not the only one who belives they are not safe and no matter what upgrades and assumptions that are made will not make a driverless car a good idea. lets be original and stick to the safe way lets avoid the one car, one life, one accident.