the use of cars today in our modern world is crazy! everywhere you look theres cars going down the road, parked in a garage, or on tv. now think of a world without them...it would be different, wouldnt it? yes, indeed it would be, the world would be less hectic and cleaner place to live. first, life without cars would make life much less hectic. in vaunban,germany there is an upscale community where there are no cars. people either walk, ride bikes or take the public tram. a servey shows  precent of vanubans families do not own cars, and  precent sold a car to move here. people move to vauban to enjoy a carfree...stress free life. im much happier this way said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. sorce  paragrah  the carfree world of not having to worry about car payemrnt, incerance, and gas money is a whole lot better than a car dependent world. second, limiting our car use would help make this planet cleaner. pollution issues have gotten so bad that ...paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. source  paragraph  in paragraph  it states that after fivedays of intensive smog...the smog rivaled beijing,china, which is one one of the most polluted cities in the world. france uses more diesel than gasoline, therefore making up  precent of all vehicles in france. the use of these harsh fossil feuls is a huge problem that can help be controlled by limiting our use of automobiles. third, although some may argue that we need cars to fuction in our modern world, there are other options that we can choose. for example, if everyone took public transportation such as the subway we would be cutting back tremenously on the amout of feul consumed. another advantage of using other forms of transportation other than a car would be that you wouldnt have to worry about your car not starting, or not having enough money too fill your tank. other forms of transportation would always be reliable and convenent. you would also feel good about helping the enviornment by not adding extra gases to the ozone. to finish up, limiting our use of cars would make life easier and cleaner. in source  it states its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. many people are convinved that a carfree life would be much nicer than the hectic carconsumed life weve all grown so accustom too. limiting our use of cars is a good idea for our stressful lives.