since the time of its discovery, the face on mars has baffled many people. its resemblance to a face has caused it to gain much popularity, which has even led to a movie being made about it. unfortunately though, there are people that would like to believe the face is a sign of alien life on mars. they have named and stated a number of arguments about why it is a sign, and even have claimed nasa is hiding it from the public. this is not true however, as the face is simply just a peculiar looking landform. yet, several counterarguments and points must be made to drive home the fact that the face is just a landform. many theories that the face is a sign of alien life on mars have been spawned by the creation of books, magazines, and even movies that have been made about it. almost all of the stories these things tell about the face are science fiction, with a key emphasis on the fiction part. sadly though, some people have chosen to accept these ideas made by an author or producer as the truth. most of the theories about the face were made for good stories to the people, so that their books and magazines would sell more. but, one must not forget the people who claim they have the scientifically correct reasoning behind why the face is a sign of alien life on mars. the people who claim theories that arent from commercialized stories regarding how the face is a sign of alien life are a little more credible than the others, yet still can be easily proven wrong. this is because their main, and in many cases only, argument centers around a  photograph of the face. when another photograph was taken in  however, the picture showed that it was simply just a landform. one counterargument to this is that the camera mustve malfunctioned or the picture wasnt clear enough, in which there is one fact that makes that counterargument dissolve. the camera in  reportedly snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos., which would lead to the assumption that the  photo wasnt clear. if thats true, then the face on mars actually isnt a face at all. simply put, the face is a natural martian landform. in conclusion, the face on mars is certainly an interesting landform, but is in no case a sign of alien life on mars. all theories about how its a sign of aliens have been swiftly and easily disproven, and has been further proven through updated pictures that it is just a landform. even though finding a sign of alien life would have been more interesting, one must always stick to the facts to know the correct solution.