venus is the hottest planet in our solar system. it is the second planet from the sun. in the challenge of exploring venus, the author talks about the dangers of exploring venus. the author describes the temperature of venus, the danger of its light, and the overall danger. besides explains what venus, a planet and not a star, looks like, the author also states that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. venus is often referred to as earths twin. both planets are close in size and density. one difference is that venus is over  times hotter in temperature than earth is. the average temperature on venus is over  degrees in fahrenheit. that is hotter than earth will ever be. in in the challenge of exploring venus, the author states, these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such as environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. the author also states, also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury in closer to the sun. in that example from the story, the author is trying to explain that venus is so hot that it would melt anything in less then a minute. besides being so hot, venus is also very bright. venuss light is brighter than our eyes could ever see. it is so bright on venus that not even researches can take a photo or a video of the planet. this must mean that research have to keep their distance. if they get close, they will have the risk of becoming blind or dying from the hot temperature. in the challenge of exploring venus, the author states, most importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. the author also states, many researches are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. the auther is trying to explain that since researchers have to keep their distance, they cant take a sample with them to earth. samples from venus would help them gain knowledge of venus. venus has many dangers and risks of exploring the planet. researches cant go to the planet because it is so hot and the light is very bright. their machines keep melting from the hot temperature. the author in the challenge of exploring venus explains the dangers but the author also states, venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.