resent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. not having a car is such a great opportunity! it allows you to get a great excercise on your way to work, and everyone is wanting to participate in so many events that lead to carfree day and many more. carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, columbia. millions of civilions were in on this exciting event that started in the s. all colombians either hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work. the streets of bogota was a traffic free place for a whole day! the rain hasnt stopped people from participating said antanas mockus, the mayor of bogota. people are still riding there bikes and more to work because they feel like everyone should participate and dont think that alittle rain should stop it. but after, for the first time more colombian cities joined in on this day to start a new tradition. according to the mayor, the day without cars has seen the construction of  miles of bicycle paths, the most of any latin city. i think more countries should participate in this event, just because you are limiting yourself to how much you use your car and it seems like it would be alot of fun and is honestly such a great opportunity for you and everyone around you trying to make a diffrence. americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses. this is actually very surprising knowing that america is and has been one of the worlds prime car cultures. they are not interested, said a mom of two children that are  and . she said, even though they both live in places where one could come in handy....but its not a priority. they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take a public transportation or carpool with friends. to me i think these adults are making a statment. that you do not always have to have a car, and you most definatly do not have to have a licence to get you places. these teenagers are saving their money not having to worry about gas prices and car payments. instead they are not wasting their money by walking and carpooling to their jobs. it might take some time walking but you still get there. in conclucion, i feel like getting to places with cars is fast, and i know most people agree with me...but why not just once in a couple of days just drop your keys and ride your bike or walk to work. limit how much you use your car. i promise you you will see a difference in your life.