a relevant topic in todays society that many people often discuss is the reduction of motor vehicle use. limited use of vehicles such as cars, buses, and trucks can have great effects on the environment. most of the effects are beneficial to the environment such as the reduction of smog which can ameliorate the horrible impact we have already had on the environment. according to source , limited use of of motor vehicles will be less harmful to the environment. twelve percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe come from passenger cars. this may not sound like much, but it adds up, especially when you factor in the gas emission from the united states which is more than four times what it is in europe. source  also claims that less use of motor vehicles will lower peoples stress and will make children more social because they will be able to play near the streets without having to worry about being hit by a car. all of these sources claim that motor vehicle reduction will also reduce smog and greenhouse gas emissions. one source that supports this claim is source , not only does paris emit more greenhouse gases than any other city in europe, they now have two days in which people who drive their cars are subject to a  euro  u.s. dollar fine. bogota, colombia is proving to be the most successful in attempting to lower greenhouse gas emission. according to source  carfree day has been started in which citizens may not drive their vehicles without being subject to a twentyfive dollar fine. most citizens obey this law and the amount of traffic jams is reduced to empty streets other than public buses. the increase in amount of people riding their bikes caused sidewalks to be repaired and replaced which improves the aesthetics of the city. several small restaurants and various other businesses saw an increased income. along with sources  and , source  claims that citizens are less stressed when not driving a motor vehicle. along with this statement. source  also claims that people will begin to be more socially active when they are carpooled to school and other places. source  takes place not in europe, not in south america, but in our own country, the united states of america. in the last few years, the united states has seen a decrease in the amount of people driving motor vehicles. we have not, however seen a decrease on our impact on the emission of greenhouse gases. this is because though people are driving less, many people in this country drive large, gas guzzling hummers and trucks which emit more gases than any other vehicle. if people stopped driving those vehicles, we would definately see a decrease in greenhouse gases. weve seen it happen in europe because large personal transport trucks are seldom driven in europe. many advantages will be seen when the act of driving a motor vehicle becomes rarer. these advantages include our emission of greenhouse gases, improved social interactions, people who are less stressed, and an overall more cheerful environment. multiple sources make these claims, and many countries in europe such as france and countries in south america have placed certain days in which citizens dont drive cars. these days have proven many of these claims that support the assertion that there are multiple advantages to limited car usage.