after reading this article, making mona lisa smile i believe that being able to detect and know how to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable and could be useful for many. using technology to know whether an individual is upset, happy, mad, etc. could be used as an improvement on our daily lives. according to the article, they tested this new technology on the famous leonardo da vincis mona lisa painting and defined that she was  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. the outcomes from this new technology system could actually be legit and can tell us what people feel. this new sofware can also help the people that are to afriad to express their feelings or dont know how to . sense there are some individuals who hid their feelings and arent that easy to read their emotions by just looking at their facial expressions, by using this system you could read and even track their face movments and even their mixed emotions also. for instance, as stated in the passage even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression.using imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. this new software can help those who have a neutral face and show no emotion. facial expressions arent always going to reveal how an individual is actually feeling or what emotions he is going through inside. for example, in the article it indicates that the mona lisa is  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry, even though in the painting she looks  percent happy. this software will read off your emotions no matter what face expression you are making. many of us can use this software to figure out what others are feeling when they are to scared to tell others how they feel. for instance, if someone is feeling really upset and has a neutral face and you cant tell that they are upset, you cant help them unless you know how they are feeling. in conculsion, i believe that this new software facial action coding that helps reveal human emotions by using technology cn be valuable and useful for certain people.