luke is trying to get other peoplefriends to join the seagoing cowboys program. he asks his brother john to join. its a lot of fun, i said. you get to explore and go around the world to see places that youve never seen before. the best part is that you get to go and help others who dont have a lot of supplies. i dont know. says john quietly. i just dont want to be away from home, and something bad could happen to mom and dad. im just not sure about this one, says john. youre right, i said. youre just not willing enough to help others in need. who am i kidding. you would never want to actually go exploring with your brother. you would never want to leave your job for awhile. you juat cant handle it. hey, who said that i couldnt handle it? i just dont want something bad to happen while im gone. you never know what could happen. mom and dad are getting older you know. they dont know whats best for themselves. hey luke, john,says mom. why are you kids fighting? you could have just asked me what you wanted, instead of fighting all the time. its nothing, mom. says john. we can handle this one. come on, john. just tell me. i can give you an answer. john is silent. ok fine. he says quietly. you know that seagoing cowboys program luke goes to? ya ive heard of that wonderful program, replies mom. well, luke wants me to go with him on his next trip. im just not ready to leave you guys yet. you will need help around the house, and youll probably miss me. john, your . you can leave your dad and i, i promise you that we will be okay. we have eachother, and we have our wonderful neighbors to help us with any task. replies mom. i told john that it is a trip of a lifetime, i exclaimed. you will never forget the moments that we have together. if you come with me, it will make me feel stronger. ill have you by my side the whole time. we can help others in need together. john, just please agree and come join me for this one. we will never forget the experience. well, i suppose so. said john, trying to hide his grin. mom clapped her hands together. ive never seen you two actually come to an agreement. im very proud of you john, and im also very proud of you too, luke. thanks mom, we said in unison. we both gave her a big hug. im going to miss you mom, said john. im going to miss you more! said mom in reply.