driverless cars are going to be amazing when they are released to the public. they are very intelligent machines that can make better or faster decisions than humans can on the road. even though they are just testing them now, they still havent caused any accidents. think about it, everyone who drives a driverless car will have the option to steer, so its their choice whether their life is at risk. driverless cars havent caused caroncar accidents. the text states that driverless cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. there have been a few cases where the driverless cars were involved in accidents, but that was because other people wrecked into them. they usually dont make road errors, but other people mess them up because of their bad driving habits. drivers still have the option to take the wheel if they feel, or if the car feels, like something is wrong. the text states that driverless cars require some human skill so they would have to take the wheel at some point, but the rest of the driving is optional. the text also states that the driverless cars are also being programmed to warn the driver when they need to take control. the only drawback to this is that drivers will still have to be alert at all times incase the car needs their help. it may take some time before they are fully safe. the text states that there are some situations where humans would have to take control of the car like pulling out of driveways or moving around construction zones. this implies that the cars cant deal with humans very well. they can still manage to get in accidents with pedestrians if those people arent dong what they are supposed to like jwalking. it will take awhile before driverless cars are upgraded with more reliable sensors that can detect pedestrians and even animals too. driverless cars are going to be a huge innovation that changes the way everyone travels. driverless cars are safe, fast decision makers, and help people get from place to place without driving the whole time. i wouldnt turn down a trip in something that has all of those great qualities. driverless cars will truely be amazing when they are released.