have you ever gtten your hopes up for something special, but you secretly knew you wouldnt get what you wanted? that is how some felt once they discovered the face on mars wasnt actually a face. many convincing facts led nasas employees to believe this natural landform was actually a human face. however, there just so happened to be a few more facts and pieces of evidence to tell otherwise. in september of , cydonia became nasas number one priority when mars global surveyor arrived to the red planet. the article says this was eighteen long years after the vikings missions ended. jim garvin explaines how they felt this landform was important to taxpayers and they photographed the face as soon as they could get a good shot at it. beacause this mysterious form exsited and nasa payed so much attention to it, it shows that they only used solid facts to explain how this landform was created naturally and not by aliens. it was not until apri , , a year after cydonia became their priority, the mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, as stated in the article. it also says michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture which was ten time sharper than the original viking photos. this comes to show that nasa did not just go off one photo taken eighteen years before hand. eager web surfers were anxious to find out something juicy, such as alien life form on mars, but to their surprise the face had occured naturally. the web surfers and many other people were not satisfied with the outcome and were not going to give up on their hopes, but neither was nasa. the critics said how the face on mars is located  degrees north martian latitude where it was cloudy on mars when the photo was taken. nasa then prepared to look again. nevertheless, on april ,  mars global surveyor drew in closer for a second time. garvin stated, we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of veiw. the pixels in the most recent pictures taken spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixels in the best  viking photo. garvin also adds how you can discern things in a digital image three times bigger than the pixel size. this means that it is the clearest image you could take and if there just so happened to be things such as airplanes on the ground, egyptianstyle pyramids, or even small shacks the picture could have clearly captured them. although many wanted to believe the face was anything but a natural landform, nasa used strong facts and evidence to fight the arguement and convince people otherwise. i strongly believe the face on mars is natural and was not created otherwise because they used all facts and has three different pictures one of which could have spotted things other than the landform, but did not. nothing but the truth was caught on camera and that is that the face on mars is nothing but a natural landform, and nothing more.