dear state senator, as a law abiding citizen, i feel that the american public should have a sayso in the elections of the president, or any other government party leader, and to do so, should be a direct vote. while our founding fathers, with all due respect, chose the electoral college to pick and choose our leaders, this is the st centuary. a centuary in which the government upholds too much power. the government has been critized quite intensely over the last few years over one topic  lying. lying to the citizens in which it  should  be serving. although, it doesnt. the government serves itself. so why should we elect a panel of people to elect for us? after all, when we vote, we  i speak for the entire american republic here  imagine us submitting our vote to count directly for our selected representative. not for some unknown nitwit to chose a government agent for us. what if said nitwit lies, miscounts, or purposely puts his own imput into the system instead of the american voting population? direct voting is, perhaps, inevitably more efficient. our votes could run through a machine, much like a state test such as fcat, anf the total vote could be directed for either candidate. the chances of a tied poll is rather extremely unlikely due to the masses of the american republic. plus, it singles out the chance of lying in a government of liars. swing states wouldnt exist. instead of singling out a particular area of the country, theyd be, more so, targeting the country as a whole, because then would every individual vote mattered. no one would be left out, and the more honest, obviously more chosen, president would win out, and almost everyone would be happy. we live in a system at which the government lies, quite fairly, a lot. a direct vote would whip them out of that in the voting process, as the votes, singularly, would matter. every last one of them. it would also nip the idea that only certain areas, certain states, mattered, because again, every vote would matter. directing voting is obviously the way to go. signed, law abiding citizen.