a argument luke is dealing with from his point of view is how much things he has to do and if he does the commands wrong there will be horrible consequences for them. when luke heard about the job he was so excited about it. he heard that being a seagoing cowboy was a amazing job. he has been dreaming about being a seagoing cowboy because of all the animals you take care of and all the traveling they do. thats why right away when luke heard that they are hiring seagoing cowboys, he couldnt say no. it was a opportunity of a lifetime! as soon as luke got hired, he was so excited to start working. he worked and worked all the time. he wanted to be the best seagoing cowboy there has ever been. sometimes he would work more than he was soppost to. he enjoyed taking care of the horses, young cows, and mules. luke worked very hard and sometimes got tired. he went to alot of places. he went to new orleans and greece and other places. as soon as he was done with all the traveling he made nine trips all together! he made more trips than any seagoing cowboy! later on luke kept working with all the animals. all the taking care of made luke very busy, beside with the traveling. luke also had to clean. on lukes second trip he served his night as a watchman. he had to check on all the animals every hour. but then a horrible thing happened. after making his hourly report to the captain, luke slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. he landed feet first toward an opening on the side of the ship. a small strip of metel along the edge stopped his slide, that kept him from going overboard into the dark alantic ocean. but luckly for him he was still alive. as soon as that insedant happened to luke, he got his ribs cracked. luke couldnt work for a couple of days. so while luke was not going to work he managed his time to have fun on board. he played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals have been housed. he played alot more games aswell. later on being a seagoing cowboy he thought of how amazing it feels to help people. he helped lots of people during his trips. so luke had a great idea. he wanted people to help other people. he started to convince people to be a seagoing cowboy. but most of people thought he was crazy. he told people how amazing it is to be traveling and amazing it is to be helping others. people called his job dangerouse. it sure was. luke got very annoyed and angry because people thought he was crazy and they did not like that kind of job. luke stopped persuading people to be a seagoing cowboy. but he didnt give up on his job though. he liked his job the way it is and he wouldnt change it for anything. he got awards for being a very helpful, admiring, and amazing person in his job.