to my fellow citizens all across the world i think there are a lot of advantages that come with the limited car usage. one thing is that it could save the environment from the polution of gas. also it could save people a whole lot of money if they didnt have a car. lastly and final statement why limited car usage is advantage is that they use the money from the car to buy homes. for starters, their are a lot of things that come with buying a car but a lot of people dont no is that every time they start up there car their actually hurting the evironment because of the gas. here is an example from source .after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. after reading that it seems to me that the pollution of the gas is becoming to be a problem all around the world and thats why we need to put a stop to it by just banning it for country to country and then eventually become a car free world. another example i found from source . the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. i read that and i was like wow! i wonder why that might be well if they banned the car usage they might bring do there pollution or congestion in the city. thats why the pollution from the gas is so bad it could actually harm or maybe possibly kill them if they breathe in that pollution on a consistant basis. secondly, people make pretty big sacrifices in life but one i found most interesting was that germany residents were selling there cars to buy homes for them to live in. this strikes my eye in very many ways is that they are saving an expense they dont need and also saving the environment also. for example, in source  it said  percent of vaubans families do not own cars and  percent sold a car to move here. i find that quite interesting why a family like that would just give up transportation and then i thought well they save a ton of money and also they get to move to maybe a better living environment just by limiting the car usage. people who live in levittown, new york are good example of limited car usage because a lot of them work in the city and a lot of times driving into the city is not a very good thing to do because of the traffic. so what do they do? they dont drive a car but only to the train station were they ride the train to and from the city saving money in gas and its easier to do it that way. thirdly, citizens use limited car usage to save money in life because lets all face it the world we live in is tough money is hard to come by and people have car payments they have to pay every month and sometimes they cant make that payment cause they have other bills they have to pay so what do they do. they sell they car and that gives them extra money a month to pay for bills a such forth. another thing they save from selling there car is that they dont have to pay for gas either so your probably saving some where around  hundred dollars in cash or credit in one month which is good. thats another reason why selling your car is an advantage of limited car usage. in conclusion, their are a lot of ways where citizens of the world can use limiting there car usage as an advantage. where it might be saving the environment or selling your vehicle to buy a home or even maybe just to save money in everyday life like some citizens do in levittown, new york. these were some of my opinions on advantages of limiting car usage in everyday life.