the world is filled different types of technology. apple, a major technology industry, has invented multiple types of phones, computers, watches, and televisons. computers have evolved within the last five years and the have made a whole new world. the use of technology to read students emotional expression is valuable because it is able to detect if a student is confused and it can track emotionalrecognition. while in school, most students do not like raising their hand or asking any questions if they are lost during a lesson because they may feel embarrassed or scared. for example in paragraph six, dr. huang predicts, a classroom computer could recgonize when a student is becoming confused or bored. he aslo predicts, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. furtherore, dr. huang states, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. with the classroom computer, students may feel more comfortable and more confident in themselves because they would have the ability to learn oneonone with an instructor to get the help they need without feeling embarrassed. in addition, the computer with be able to track emotionalrecognition. computers that have the ability to track emotions would benefit everyone. in paragraph five it states, yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vini studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles preciesly enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. furthermore, in paragraph six it states, imagine a computer that knows when you are happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad with be different. emotionalrecognition could improve how people are feeling and help them get through the day. in contrast, a computer that can detect emotion could not work well with some people. in paragraph six it states, imagine a computer that knows when you are happy or sad. also, in paragraph two it states, and how can a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel? people might not like the idea of their computer knowing how they are feeling because if the computer gives them false feedback, they might not agree with the new software. in addition, people might pay money for a software that does not give them the correct emotion or the software might not work in general. the use of technology has definetly taken over the world. with the new computer software, it is able to read how each student is feelings and how it can track the emotions of everyday people. applying emotions like happiness, sadness, fear, disgust, and surprise could change the face of technology.