welcome to . finally, technolgy had gotten smarter and smarter. even smarter than some humans these days. we have finally come up with a way to make our lives even more easier. yay! driverless cars is a brilliant, genius idea. having a driverless car helps better our environment, safety, and could even save you some extra money. pollution and global warming is a big problem. our earth is dying. with over population in many countries having cars that run on gas impacts our enviroment. all the fuel tha that is used is killing earth day by day. now, think about this. having a car that runs on only half the fuel you would typically use? sounds good right? using only half the fuel we would typically use would make a tremendous differnece in our environment in a matter of a year. having a vehicle is a privlage. it can also be very dangerous. in the news we always here about that one person or that group of teenagers getting into a car with a driver under the influence. then we know what happens next. when you are under the influence you do not know you are,therfore, you think you are fine to do anything especially driving. having a driverless car may actually saves lives. if one is out drinking or doing things they should not be and decide they have to drive, that car might just save them from the unexpected. lastly, lets talk money. we all want to save money and buy more toys. maybe you even want to go on a vacation to some nice beach where it is warm. how are you going to do that when you get a nice  dollar spending ticket in a construction zone on i? driverless vehicles maintain speed limit and know driving regulations. you may want to be going faster but your car is going to save you from getting that ticket. better environment, protection of human safety, and money saving is something all like to hear. this new driverless car is all that within one vehicle. purchasing a car can be difficult. you want the best for you money. having a car that helps the enviornment, protects you, and saves you money is the car you should be interested in.