technology has evolved in amazing, big, and even complex ways. its , and there are robots that can now engage in combat, imitate humans, and open doors. its no surprise that now there are computors that can read your emotions. will it be benefical? i, in fact, do think this new software, the facial action coding system, will be benefical, especially in classrooms. this new technology can help keep students interested in learning, awake in class, and even help teachers with teaching. the facial action coding system can indeed help keep students interested in learning. why? first off, its new technology. who wouldnt be excited to get to use and experience something like this? from personal experience, i know that when i first started using computers and ipads in middle school, it made me more excited to do work and come to class. this software can also keep students interested in learning because if the system notices the student becoming bored, it could modify the lesson, as stated in the article. when modifying the lesson, it could maybe become more animated or louder for the students attention to be grabbed, thus spiking his or her interest. this new software could help keep students awake in class because, as stated in the making mona lisa smile article, if the system notices that the student is falling alsleep, it could change the lesson, make it simpler, or make it more interesting to grab the students attention. this effect can be similar to a human instructors, which can enhance the students mood and energy level. usually, humans lose interest and become tired when bored or when something is repetitive, and as stated above in my first point, making the lesson more animated or louder could prevent the student from losing interest, which could lead to dozing off. and for my last point, putting this technology in classrooms for students, could actually benefit the student and the teacher at the same time. if the program notices that the student is becoming bored or losing interest, this could be a sign to the teacher to adopt a new teaching style or change up the presentation to better engage the student. using this as an advantage could help strengthen the relationships between the students and the teachers to ensure a better, more effective, and easier learning environment for the students and an easier, more effective teaching environment for the instructors. the addition of the facial action coding system to classrooms today will absolutely benefit not only teachers, but also students. itll first off, keep students awake to even learn the lesson, then proceed to keep the students interested in the lesson being taught, and overall will help teachers know how to best connect with his or her students and provide the best and most effective way of teaching to them. and not only do the benefits stop here, but they go on and on, adding paint to the big picture. this software can be used in even preschools and colleges. ensuring that the students are being taught in the best way will heighten their academic skills and will provide a promising future full of success. just from starting with the projection of a smile.