all of our development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change.  as an official of the transportation for america, david goldberg is a credible source for information regarding transportation in america. however there are places all around the world were automobiles are causing problems. limiting car usage could help solve many of those issues. in america, the topic of alternative transportation has been discussed many times, but in previous bills,  of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only  to other transport. this can be found in paragraph  of the first source as the fifth line. sadly america is not the only country having problems. in paris, france , diesel cars make up  of the vehicles and the diesel feul is blamed for the smog accumulation in the city. in paris, a warmer layer of air caused by cold nights and warm days, trapped the car emissions which then caused a five day period of intensifying smog. frances smog buildup rivaled that of beijing, china , which is claimed to be one of the most polluted cities in the world. this problem also exists in the states, as transportation is the second largest cause of americas emissions, right behind power plants. to ensure safety anyone who was still driving their car was fined  euros or . bogota, columbia followed france in their violation fee and charged any violater . bogota has created a day without cars , in which no cars are used, to promote alternative transport and the reduction of smog levels. another positive effect no cars can have would be a more peaceful enviroment, as stated in sources  and . in america, recent studies show that americans have been buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses. although it may be far in the future, america may soon follow the lead of vauban, germany , where it is completely carfree. this probably wont happen anytime in the near future, but the use of automobiles has gone down in the united states. bill ford, chairman of the ford motor company, proposed a city in which, pedestrians, bicycles, private cars, etc. are used to save time, lower emissions and improve safety. he sees this future, hopefully others will too. although america might not be exactly like vauban, it is good to hope that it will get there someday. no cars would result in a calmer atmosphere and a more peaceful lifestyle. also, it would lower the emissions made by vehicles, which in turn would save the atmosphere, thus saving life on earth. no cars would also help improve safety, both of animals and of people. we may not be completely there yet, but the world will someday have no need for cars and that will be the first step into the future.