imagen being in a regular classroom. imagen yourself not understing the topic. imagen not being able to tell the teacher you dont get it because youre afraid to be made fun of. this is what the facial action coding system prevents student from experiencingwhen taught a new topic. this helps student by having the system already knowing they dont understand to topic they had just learned. although facial action coding system watches your face is wierd, itll help out teachers and students because itll help our classroom be more understanding, helpful, and communicate better. the facial action coding system can help classrooms be more understanding. in the article, it states, in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation everyday. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feelling simply by the look on her face paragraph . it also states,for example, if you smile when a web ad appears in you screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be differnet paragraph . these quotes show that classrooms can be more understanding with this system. because if you frown, the teacher will be notified and will ask if you understand yet or need help. and this system will help teachers to more calculated of what their class needs more work on. and understand the topic they have learned. the facial action coding system can help classrooms be helpful. in the article it states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor paragraph  . this means that this system can be helpful by providing information to the teacher. and so the teacher can have an effective teaching plan to help out the class in learning the topic better. so they dont get lost and confused on the topic. the facial action coding system can help classrooms communicate better. in the article it said,the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. most humans communication in nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang. so computers need to undersatnd that, tooparagraph . this all means that this sysytem will help us communicate better. and because most of human communication happens nonverbally. it wont be too diffcult to do. this system will help the students and the teacher to communicate with each other effectivly without saying a word. in concluion, better communication, more helpful, and more understanding are some of the pros of having the facial action coding system in the classroom. although having the facial action coding system watch your face is pretty weird. other than that, its pretty cool that it can help the students and the teacher. the students get a chance to work together to help the teacher understand them better. this system helps them communicate better overall. and helps the teacher to create a better and effective teaching plan overall, too. this facial action coding system helps the student and the teacher to understand, comunicate and help each other.