i feel like driverless cars are a great idea. its truly great from how i see it a sign of the future. people should really see this on a positive note, you get so much from a driverless car. driverless car is the future of things it is for the better of mankind. hopefully people see it the way i see it. you get so much from a driverless car dont know why some states would outlaw the use of driverless cars i could see why they would worry, for the pedestrians, drivers, and passengers. cause after all safety is the most important but if they would actually overlook the bad consiquences and see driverless car use isnt bad. after all the way the driverless cars are being made now are way more safer with all new features. all these car companies making driverless cars im pretty sure theyre making it way safer. the law should be taking out of these states and see how safe driverless cars are. the driverless car has all these great features that i do not understand why some would be against it. for example, bmw announced the development of  traffic jam assistant. which means that the car can handle driving funtions at speed up to  mph, but the touch sensors it has make sure the driver has their hands on the wheel. its come pretty far to where the car can steer, accelerate and brake themselves. also gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is about to back into an object. also thoughts of some manufacturers consider using camers to make sure the driver is focused on the road. the future is near with how its come from driving to driverless cars. all the technology going into this car and off like the specially designed roads for specially designed cars. also car manufacturers like audi, mercedes benz, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . that is coming soon were in the year  and its just  more years away the future is calling. driverless cars are just the beginning of the future nothing better than that. in conclusion i am all for driverless cars like ive said its a great idea. with all the technology in the self driven car and the beauty in it. sure some states and people are against it with worrying about safety and thats understandable but soon theyll see all the good a self driven car can be and some states will go down on that law. also like i said it is the future for driving and well need to adapt we always have and i know well adapt to driverless cars. i approve driverless cars.