car free cities, in german suburb life goes on without cars. the residents of the community have given up their cars. street parkings and driveways are forbidden in the new district near the french and swiss borders. the streets are completely empty except for the main thoroughfare and a few streets on the edge of the community. in addition,  of vaubans families do not own cars, and  sold a car to move there. a growing trend going around they say they want to seperate them from auto use, a saying called smart planning. the efforts that they put in that some people build their own houses to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. in europe they are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions, and up to  in some car intensive areas in the united states. in conclusion, there have been effortsain the past two decades to make the cities more dense, and better for walking. home to , residents within a square mile, this may be the most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life. above all this, stores are placed on about a walk away, on a main street rather then along some distant highway. according to them how much you drive is as important as weather you have a hybrid. suburbs will spread out the homes were thwe dream towns of the s and still exert a strong appeal. in the developing world where they will increase number of private cars ownd by the middle class. in the united states, the enviromental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities, and legistlators are starting to act cautiously. many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a much larger role. above all of this paris bans driving due to smog. days after near record pollution they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or get charged with a  fine. the same thing would apply tot he odd numbers the following day. about almost , drivers were fined, according to the reuters, and  people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. it was down by  in the capital of france, after a five days of horrible smog, it rivaled that beijing, china, which was known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. the cold air and warm days would cause the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. deisels make up to  of vehicles in france, campared to . rest of western europe, according to reuters. paris has more smog then any other european capitals. paris had  per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. delivery companies complained of lost revenue, while eceptions were made for plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers. in a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked skated or took buses to work during a car free day. it was the third year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violaters faced  fines. it is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution they said. the day without cars is an improvment campaign that begins in the bogota in the mid s. it has seen the construction of  miles of bycicle paths the most of any latin american city.