google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . cars that can drive independently are a huge advancement in technology, travel, saftey, and history. driverless cars, which they are called, are a positive and wonderful thing to have. this essay will provide why driverless cars should be developed. although there has been a large leap in vehicle technology, the cars are not yet completely driverless. with more and more research and test being done there will one day be a completely driverless car. when the vechicle was first invented it took many trial and errors but it was never given up on. the driverless car is in the stage of developement and should not be given up on. people do not forget the first model vechicle because it changed history and made things easier and more convient. the same thing can happen with the driverless car. their google cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. crashes can be caused by anything, but having vehicles that drive the exact same could potentially reduce the risk of accidents. in the driverless cars, drivers are still needed to stay alert at the wheel because the car cannot handle obstacles such as passing constrcution or passing accidents. they need to continue to test and develope the driverless car so one day it can over come these obstacles. with all cars there are dangers. if the driver of the driverless car is to cause an accident then the driver is held responsible. this car cannot promise hundred percent safety, and neither can any other vehicle. that does not let automakers stop them from continuing their work. the more reseach and developement they do the more problems they can resolve. car manufactures have plans to make cars compelety capable of driving themselves. the driverless car may take a few years to be made perfect, but automakers are not willing to give up. a driverless car can be good for technology advances, safety, travel, and a mark in history. driverless cars need to be backed and have support in order to be completely succsessful. and the more developement and reseach done the closer automakers become to creating a change in history, a driverless car.