i feel as though driverless cars are very contoversial. the are some pros and cons to having a computer control a car. with that being said i feel as though driverless cars are not something that should happen, at least not now. there are far too many complications that come with not having to drive. there is a fine line between needing something and deserately wanting it, and i feel as though cars that dont need drivers are something that people just want. i feel as though the amount of people that need driverless cars pales in comparison to what else could be done with the money that is spent on driverless cars. in the passage, it clearly stated that an idea for driverless cars is ridiculously expensive. granted the idea was from the s, but there is no doubt that to total cost of driverless cars would still be outrageous. driverless cars just seem unneccesary because the money spent on driverless cars could go towards something better, like starving children or homeless people. another flaw of having driverless cars are the danger of it. technology is no where near perfect and one small mistake in the car could cause a ginormous car accident. what if a child darts out infront of a car, and there is no driver to stop it? what if there is an accident and the driverless car doesnt detect it? there are too many possibilities for something that isnt a neccessity. so far driverless cars arent even driverless. people still need to sit in the front seat and they still need to be alert at all times. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating throigh work zones and around accidents. also there isnt a set date for when the driverless cars will get done. car companies plan on releasing some driverless cars in , but there are compliations that could arise and slow down the process. driverless cars seem cool and they could make things easier for the human population. however cars that dont need drivers are something that the world doesnt need right now. there are too many whatifs that come with driverless cars. besides there are more useful things that people could be putting their money, focus, and time on. building shelters for people in need, donating food and water to sountries that have a lack of, and attempting to make the world a safer place for people are thing that people should be focusing on. not just a new car that seems cool.