in this article the author is talking about going to venus. the author explains the reasons why we should explore this planet. the author mentions that they should study venus despite the danger it presents. venus is the closest planet from the earth in terms of density, size, and occasionally in distance too. is venus so inhospitable, why do scientist want to learn more of this planet? venus has been proven a very challenging place to examine more closely.why is it so important to visit venus? what are the risks of going to venus? what would the conditions be to go to venus? venus is the second planet from our sun. not even a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decade. each previous mission was unmanned, no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. studyng venus is a challenge to humans. venus atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide. of any planet from our solar system venus has the hotterst surface. astronomers believe that venus once was like earth. in tis article it it mentioned that long ago venus used to be covered lagerly by oceans and problaby had many forms of life. venus still have certain characteristics that relate to the earth like valleys, mountains, craters, and rocky sediments. returning to venus is indisputable, scientists and astronomers are trying to figure out the ways to make this mission safe and scientifically productive? the nasa has an idea to sending humans to study venus. this idea would allow them to float above the fray, temperatures would still be at around  degrees fahrenheit. however researchers cannot take samples of any kind from a distance. nasa researchers are working on safer ways to study venus. reseachers are thinking in using old technology called mechanical computers. but why not use modern computers and more advanced technology? well modern technology is tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. this challenge is to human curiosity which will lead to equally intimidating endeavors. in conclusion in order to visit venus there are many dangers that could occur. but how the author suggested despite the dangers. in the article mentions many danger of visiting venus and the ways reseachers are trying to find to visit venus safe and to learn. studying venus would help humanity to discover new things. there will be dangers in this challenge but its worth it. the author explains why they should study venus and give details and explains the dangers of this challenge.