the disadvantage of facial action coding system according to techgen, about  of students in the united states get distracted from a technological device, this can be a cell phone, computer, smartwatches, and more. everyone has at least on technological device. schools worldwide should not invest in facial action coding system because they are a distraction to students, they are a waste of money, and certain students do not want to show their emotions without being told to. first, schools should not invest in facial action coding system because they can be considered a huge distraction for students. students worldwide need to learn the materials that is needed in order for them to graduate, the facial action is not going to help them at all. students will also be distracted by it, and they will have a hard time focusing on what is going on in the classroom. if schools put the facial action system in all of their classroom, then its going to be harder to the teacher andor professor to get the students engaged in the activity. this technological system can be a big waste of money for classrooms. next, schools should not invest in facial action coding system because they are a waste of money. according to techport, technological devices are increasing every single day with more things being imported to them. schools have better things to spend their money on, such as sporting equipment, new choices of food, and extension of school building. putting this facial action coding system in all classroom can be schools go in debt because theyll have a difficult time paying materials off. there are certain students who do not want to show off their emotions. finally, schools should not invest in facial action coding system because certain students do not want to show off their emotions without being told to. the article states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. most of the time students do not want their classmates or teachers to know how they are feeling because it can be embarassing for them to know. students can be going through a rough time, and it can be discouraging for them to go to classroom knowing that the teachers know how they are feeling. according to techop,  of all classrooms in the world have at least one computer or technological electronic in their classroom. the majority of the students have at least used a device in their classroom. schools should not invest in facial action coding system because they are a distraction to students, they are a waste of money, and certain students do not want to show their emotions without being told to.