bases on the passage i think it would be a good idea to have technology read your emotional expressions in the classroom. then again students in the class room might not be okay with it. for example,if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen,a similar ad might follow,and it can tell if your becoming confused or bored. some of they reasons of why eckon created the new technology might be a little to much of the kids that rather look at the walls and be bored. in order to get students to want theis new technology, we need to make the school and the creator find more ways to get them to understand why we need it. make them understand why we feel that we need it. also give them reasons on why we feel it should be valuable. and what can happen if we did have this type of technolgy. since we live in a digital world i feel that people and the students do not really understand why it could be okay to hvae new technology to read your emotional expressions. i think we need this techology for more then one reason. we need this technology because lots of kid go home complaing about why they are stressing so bad. they also got home complaing about being bullied abd not ahve enough time to do their home. and i know teacher now these days try to find better ways to make kids not go home complaing about anything,because there are better ways to get through the problem. i honestly think that if we did have this new technology to read kids emotioal expressions when would not have as much problems like we do now. its not bad to try something new for once. just think about how do you think teachers our school feel when were not paying attention to anything they be talking about. or how they ask us a question and we have no idea what in the world is going on. having tchnology would be great for our school,and for our teachers,because they need to know how we feel about they lesson were working on. teachers also need to know how much kids know. having technology that could read your emotional expression would be a big deal. at least for meand the teachers i think,because for me i honeslty sometimes have no idea what in the world be going on when the teacher is talking the same time when im trying to get it in my head or understand it my self. come on now the technology can help you in school. why not try to have something helpful for you and for your teachers,let along your parnters also. i know yout parents get tried of you kids coming home complaing about how you have so much homework and how you have time to get any of it done. well heres some help since you students talk about having so much home,not being able to get it done on time,and being bullied at school. put your phone down and put your head in some books. i bet if you put your head in somes books then you wont be complaing about having some much homework,not being able to get it done on time,and be bullied everyday. cell phone usage does cause drama and emotional problems. technolgy to read students emotional expressions would be the best idea in the world to read students emotional expressions,because some kids need it. even if they feel like they dont, i bet you they do. not just for the teachers but for the parnters and theirsleves to.