would driverless cars really be helpful to people if they were successfully made? they would probably turn out to be something great if manufacturers succeeded in making these cars. cars like these sound just as good as flying cars in the future. however, driverless cars do not seem to be a good thing for society. there could be a few problems if this type of car was created and here are some of those problems. driverless cars are not good for the society if they are made. firstly, people would be more lazy than they already are if introduced to this. we already have sensors to help us with driving, so what more do we need. people are already lazy enough today because of technology. this idea would not help society at all if it were introduced to us. secondly, in paragraph nine, they state that if one were to be in a car accident, on one will really know who is at fault. in addition to that, people could lie, saying that it was the cars fault, thus people would blame the manufacturers. there could be a lot companies sued because of car accidents and of people who do not want to tell the truth. also, what happens when a driverless car hits a pedestrian? driverless could do a lot of bad things and it would all fall on top of the company. lastly, there is truly no point in making driverless cars because the driver is not doing a lot in the first place. people know how to drive already and there is no point in making a car that does everything that the driver can already do. this goes back to the laziness part. people also know that theres no point, but yet they decide we should have it because of their laziness. these are some reasons on why driverless cars are not good for society. driverless are not a good idea and should not be introduced to society. honestly, it would step up our game with technology, but we should not waste with something like a driverless car. we can do so much more with this kind technology and should not take it for granted. we should be using our brains for thinking of a way to stop global warming or even the flying car idea sounds nice. to cnoclude, creating driverless cars is not a good idea.