unmasking the face on mars the face on mars has been a very common or popular story, when  years ago viking  spacecraft snapped a photo of what looked like a two mile long face that seemed to be staring back at the camera. many were suprised and shocked at the sight and many conspiracy theorist belived it was a alien artifact but scientist found and believed it was an martian mesa common enough around cydonia. it takes the shape of a face but also unusual shadows made it out to look like an egyptian pharoh when mesas were more commonly found proving the face theory uncredible. at nasa we feel like the face found on mars is just a natural land mark or a mesa. at nasa we think it is a lava that takes form as an isolated mesa. although it looks like a face and some theories say it is bona fide evidence of life on mars, we have factual evidence to believe it is a mesa like in the snake river plain in idaho and also commonly found on cydonia around where the face was. yes, the landmark resebles a face and shadows make out a eyes, nose and mouth shape to also contribute to the illusion that it could be thought of as proof of aliens or alien civilizations on mars but, there is really no for sure credible evidence that could explain and prove it is an  acual bona fide face. it is more likely and more proven to be a simple mesa such as some of the mesa landmarks on earth. along with the people who feel it is an alien artifact some scientist also believed it was indeed an alien artifact also but sadly it is not altough at nasa we wish we could uncover an alien civilization on mars. in conclusion, this face is nothing more than a martian equivilent of a mesa or butte. although the popular suspition and popularity of it being a face on mars it is nothing more than a landform that is also common around the american west. not only that but, skeptics and authors felt it would be a good way to attract attention to mars which could lead to the truth being streched without physicl evidence to back up their theories.