driverless should not be used under any condition. driverless cars are careless, imperfected, and unreliable. we should never risk ourselves or others just because we are lazy and dont wanna drive. if we left everything to these driverless cars many pepole could die. driverless cars should not be allowed on the streets. to begin, driverless are carless. driverless cars can not stay allert like a human can. in the passage it states, they can steer, accerlate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. this shows that a driverless cars just does not have what it takes to be out on the road. if a kid ran in the middle of the street, unsuspectingly, the car would not have time for the human to take over and the kid would be severly injured or worse. it just is not worth the risk. in addition, driverless cars are not advanced enough. driverless cars may have sensors and take extra steps in safty but technology just is not there. the pasage says, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . in the future we may have the power we need to have driverless cars, but in this time now we do not. many states even have laws that will not allow driverless cars to even be tested in that states. finally, they are not reliable. all technology has flaws and that can not be helped. the passage even states, if technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver ot the owner?. this is a good point, the car technology may seem flawless, but many factors come into play with something this big. the car may have a maulfunction that no one could have predicted, and many pepole could be injured or killed. this driverless car just is not reliable enough to risk the lives of innocent. driverless cars are a very nice idea and would be helpful, however driverless cars just are not safe. these driverless cars are careless, imperfected, and unreliable. many factors play in even ones we can not fully predict when it comes to technology. its not worth the risk of pepole getting hurt just because we get lazy and do not want to drive. theres no way to avoid it its just safer to relie on ourselves instead of a robot.