face on mars have you ever wondered if there was possibly other life forms out there, living on other planets? in , nasas spacecraft viking  was circling mars and taking photos. suddenly, it spotted a form that almost looked like a human face. some conspiracy theorists assume and consider it to be evidence of other life forms, while nasa knows its just another landform on mars. its common to have forms like that around cydonia, its also proven that there is no alien monument at all, and the pictures actually show that its a martian similar to land forms here on earth. all the evidence nasa has brought upon us has proven that it is just another land form on mars. firstly, it is common around cydonia to have land forms as such. nasa has taken plenty of pictures of mars to know that its quite common for there to be land forms like this. although it may have unusual shadows, nasa could only wish that there would be possible evidence of ancient civilization on mars. it being common, creates a slimmer chance of it being crafted by other life forms. however, when mars global surveyor in april , , michael malin was able to snap pictures with his mars orbiter camera team. these pictures were much more clear. when the image was first revealed on a jpl web site, they realized it was only a natural landform. there was no alien monument to be seen. this strong evidence shows that with a clear image, there is no sign of any alien monument. furthermore, the pictures show that its a martian equal to a butte or mesa lanforms, seen around the american west. this evidence clearly shows that its related to earth land forms like the middle butte in the snake river plain in idaho. this earth landform is only a lava dome. the height is similar to the height to the face on mars. these landforms being equal, show that its normal to have land forms such as the face on mars. but, perhaps the alien markings were hidden by haze, and there could be possible evidence that aliens are indeed out there. maybe a closer look into the image would clearify these statements. however, as likely as it sounds, the pictures taken were accurate, with an advanced camera. nevertheless, the chances of this face on mars being created by aliens is proven false. nasa may hope that someday they might discover evidence of other life forms. until then, they have supporting explanations on why its not. for it to be common to have land forms like the face on mars, gives enough clearification. as well as, there being no alien monument at all, and the pictures actually showing a land form similar to ones on earth. we never know what the future holds, so will nasa ever discover facts that support the conclusion of there being life on other planets?