do you really need a computer to express your emotions? updates in technology have found ways for a computer to track facial movements to detect human emotion. this allows computers to detect your emotions before you do. we are told to answer if this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. i believe that this techonlogy is not valuable in a classroom. my first reason for thinking its not valuable is because it doesnt provide any benefits to the classroom. why does our expression or emotion need to be known by the teacher or computer? education doesnt have to be amusing or easy. thats the point of learning. emotion isnt taken in to consideration when we are assigned homework. secondly, my reason for disagreeing with the valuability of this technology in a classroom is because looks are decieving. lets say for example a stuent is doing perfectly well on their assessment and sees how much time has gone by. they are confused, but only for a second. this is sent to the instructor as a message of confusion on the topic. this has caused an unnessisary interuption on the assesment. computers cant detect every emotion, and they surely cant detect where the cause of that emotion is coming from. in contrast to my argument, one could say that for a computer, being able to tell emotions gives us an davantage. for example a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, as quoted in paragraph . i would argue that if a student is becoming confused then they should ask questions. also, it is natural to not take interest in the lesson. boredom is commom in school, but that should not impact the ability to learn. in conclusion, the technology provides no real benefits to a classroom, neither to a student. bringing this technology to a classroom would be a waste of time. emotions are decieving in school and dont have to be acknowledged by a computer. this is why i believe the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable.