having driverless cars into our life is one less problem that we have to worry about in our daily life. it will help our life get so much easier, because you might not have to worry about fuel prices or driving to places when youre tired. also it will help reduce the number of teenages death, because most of the death of teen are cause by car crashed. its good for those who travel a lot, because as a driver you dont have to drive all the way to the destination. by having driverless cars into our life, itll save money, help reduce the cause of teenage death and it help to drive for you when youre tired and need to take a rest for a bit. first of all, i think its a great idea to have driverless car, because it helps reduced the death of teen. in american, almost most of the death of teenager are caused by texting while driving. although many organizations tried to tell teenager to stop texting while driving, it is not effective, because in these day more teen are being pressure by technology whether it is in tv or internet and they want to be cool. thats why having driver less can help reduced the death rate. for example, if youre driving and text message pops up, you can let the car drive by itself and text. in paragraph , it said that the cars have been driven more than a million miles without a crash which mean that teens and young adult can let the car drive for a couple hours and text which can save their life. not only does it can help reduced the car crash rate, it can also help you save money. the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than bus. if they do succeed on letting driverless car legal, it would help individual so much. traveling is fun things but nowaday not many people travel or goes to roadtrip anymore because one of the main problem is that they dont have the expenses to paid for the fuel or spending too much on fuel can decrease the amount of money they can save. if they do secceeded on having the driverless car and the fuel cost less to use it, then it would be great for many people. more people will be able to save money. not only that, it will greatly help with the growth of our economy. last but not least, the function of the car is beyond our senses, because not only does it drives by itself but it can also elert driver when someting is wrong. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead required human skill paragraph . in case of emergency whereas the car are not capable of functiong need the driver to take over, it can elert the driver to take over. also in paragraph  it said, this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the drives attention whenever a problem occurs. gm has developed drives seats that vibrate when vehicles is in danger of backing into an object so, when it required the drivers to drive, it can vibrate their seat to get their attention. i think its a great idea to have that in it because it can prevent running into conflicts. to conclude that having driverless car can help reduced the death of teenagers and young adult. the car can take over when people need to text or make a phone call, and it can drive for you when youre distracted by your surrounding that you can focus on the roads which can help reduced the chance youll have accident. not only that, it can help you save money. by spending less in the fuel, you can keep some change in your pocket. also it can help drive for you when you got to sleep or take a nap if youre in long roadtrips. it support safety for the drivers, whereas the system elert the driver if the car encounter a problem and needed the driver to take over. thats why having driverless car can help our daily life and improved the way we live.