have you ever been really bored of something, but your teacher in class cant tell? the facial action coding system can be enabled on computers that can identify human emotions. there have been many scientists and researchers that are working on this so it can detect your emotions by the muscles in your body. it is kind of like when you are trying to detect a friends emotion because you can tell how they are feeling. imagine this a system that can read your emotions based on your facial expressions that is based off of facial muscles. this is something we already kind of do when we try to tell a friends facial expressions. this is something that we humans should be happy to have we hate being bored and a computer would be able to tell that we are, so it would never play that video or ad again which would make it would modify the lesson for each person according to huang. also if you really liked that video or ad that was just played they would play simliar ones to it. dr. huang also explains that most communication is non verbal in fact most of our communication is non verbal. so, what is the facial action coding system you might be thinking. well the facial action coding system is a computer that constructs a d model of each persons face. this must take a while since we do have  major muscles in our face. this computer is basically supposed to be able to detect at least the  main basic emotions. happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. the machine can do so by it can tell the characteristic movements of each facial muscle. the article describes like when you raise your eyebrows you show surpise and when the muscles around your lips it shows anger. this can be benificial in a lot of ways especially when it can tell that you dont like something. also humans might try to guess facial traits, but we cant describe each facial trait someone has. surely you are thinking that a machine cant detect somebodies emotions, but it could detect that the mona lisa she was  happy,  disgusted, fearful, and  angry. the machine might have some faults at first, but surely if they can make something like that they could improve it. this could be what humans need something or somebody that actually knows how we feel. if thats not convincing if we have psychologists that can detect our emotions based on our smile why cant they help the people coding these machines and get everything right. in conclusion, is there a machine that can detect our feeling. there could be something or someone that can help in the near future, but currently this is just a project. this is something that could be in the future that will replace our current computers and or our smartphones. this is a start to something that could reveal al lot about us, our faces, and our emotions.