have you ever thought about participating in the seagoing cowboys program? its every fun, it allowed me to go on adventures and vist unique places like greece, venice, italy, and i even toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on my way to china. there are also others things to do besides go to different places when you participate in the seagoing cowboys program. even though you get free time there is also work to do. when my friend don reist invited me to go to europe on a cattle boat i just couldnt say no, i knew it was going to be an opportunity of a lifetime. let me give you some reason on why you should join. like i said before there are others things you have to do when participating in the seagoing cowboys program. one thing is you have to take care animals. everytime i found it fun taking care of the animals, especially on when i returned from trips and the animals had been unloaded. there were different types of animals on board like horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped oversea. once there was even a cargo with  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. my next reason is you also get to play games on the ship. the cowboys and i played baseball, volleyball games, tabletennis, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling. these games helped us pass time when we didnt have work to do. sometimes we would even play games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. we would even have different types of tournaments. the most important and my last reason is that while in the seagoing cowboys we had to help different people with things. we had to help them with animals, food, and we had to help on the ship. there were many things we had to do on the ship like be watchmen, check the animals every hour, and make an hourly report to the captain. there is a lot of work you have to put in into being a seagoing cowboys even if you do get hurt. but it will be all worth it in the end. i hope you decide to become a seagoing cowboy. it was very fun for me, so if i had fun being one then i feel like you will to. you will have a lot of fun trust me.