a commonly known and disputed topic is the face on mars. you may believe that what is known as the face is actually a formation created by aliens. pictures from twentyfive years ago show the shadowy likeness of a human face. if you believe that the nearly two mile formation was staring back at the cameras was a face, the main reason this formation could not possibly be a formation of a face created by another life form on a different planet is because there is no scientific evidence of aliens to be discovered. the face has recieved national recognition as being a representative for most pop icons, hollywood films, books, magazines, and radio talk shows. but because the face is a popular icon, the way the face is portrayed to have been created and used for has been taken out of context by audiences around the world. spinoff series about the face and aliens have promoted the idea that aliens are real, although there is no scientific evidence to be found. the media that used the face has promoted audiences to believe that the face is actually a formation made by aliens, as a way to keep their audiences interested and to make more incom by their audiences believing their predictions of aliens. as a result of the majority of people believing that the face was an alien artifact, nasa decided to fly over the formation again to take a new picture using an updated camera that was ten times sharper than the camera used originally to take the first pictures, in order to investigate if he formation was really made and occupied by an alien life form. the new pictures concluded that what seemed to be an alien life form was actually just an actual landform. yes, there may be different and unusual kinds of makrings on the land form because it is located on a different planet where there are different conditions occurring. what has now been proven to show that the face is a natual landform is that the landform is the martian equivalent of a buttle, which are landforms common around the american west. whether you believe or dont believe that the landform on the red planet is made by aliens, there is more authentic evidence that is relevent to showing that the landform is just a natural occurrence, rather than evidence presented by science fiction enthusiasts. although the formation may seem to have the appearance of a face, there are also many natural objects on earth that have the appearances of faces too. so, making assumptions because of a conspiracists predictions does not automatically make your assumption correct.