unmasking the face on mars. if i were to be a scientist at nasa discussing the face with someone who thinks the face was created by aliens. i would prove them wrong, because there are many objects that have some sort of illusion in them. this story tells how the face is just a simple landform which i believe it is. its a natural landform because when astronauts were circling around the planet they found it to be a simple landform. seeing new things that look just like human things can just be an illusion to our eyes, for example the red planet could have had the face carved into it. i think that there are objects that can always fool our minds especially planets. there are certain planets that give us many illusions and we just want to go and figure out why they make us have such an illusion towards nonimportant things. the image of the face that was spotted in mars first appeared on a jpl web site, which means that the image was first taken by nasa. i believe that aliens do not exsist still and there could have been no way that the face was created by one of them. neil armstrong was the first astronaut to ever be on the moon and when he came back from the moon he left his steps on the moon. the face could have been created by someone who has visited mars red planet even though the planet almost is the same temperature as the sun they could have taken a pocket knife and began to crave in a human face. the face was spotted on mars, but the certain place that it was spotted was a lava dome, what is a lava dome you may ask?. well, a lava dome is a place that is isolated from a mesa and can be up the same height as the face on mars. there are still some scientist that believe that the face was someting that aliens created when it couldve been a person or even people that wanted to leave a trace left behind. maybe they left a trace left behind because there probably wasnt anybody who has been there before. the face was spotted by nasa and when nasa spotted the face they made sure to zoom in on what looked like face. i believe that the face was carved or traced behind due to a human being there, even though they say aliens live in mars there could be no way that a alien did a cetain thing. aliens could not have been the ones who left the illusion of a face because some studies show that aliens were not exsisting at that time. the story also does not state anything towards aliens being on a certain planet especially mars. in conclusion, i believe that things you leave on a planet can not always be something a alien did or has done. our mind has such a great technique to play with our minds, especially if we see things from above like the face was seen from above. i do believe the face was just a natural landform. i believe it was just a natural landform because there are some things on planets that have such and illusion into them.