i am personally against the idea of self driving cars. why you may be asking yourself, am i against an idea that could possibly be revolutionary? well thats because of how dangerous and irresponsible the whole idea sounds like. we already have enough accidents as it is. why add more chaos by throwing in cars that can drive themselves? the idea itself is very unrealistic and is just awaiting to be produced to cause trouble. firstly, why are we so dependent on technology? why is it that we create so many inventions to make regular things even better? we should simply be improving where we are going wrong, not distracting ourselves with new toys that have just came out  figuritevly speaking of course. we rely on electronics so much that most people woudlnt be able to function without having a cell phone or a game system. now dont get me wrong, some electronics have truly changed the game for us. we can fit loads of data and information on a single piece of metal. we can talk to people across the world, and travel is as good as that as well. though most of these inventions depend on a human to operate them. must we create something that doesnt have a rational mindset? computers dont have emotions the last time i remembered. the idea is also extremely unsafe. i already mentioned car accidents that may possibly happen, which they will. though responsible adults are not the only people who drive on roads too. teenagers who are learning to drive wont even need to know the basics of the road thanks to these self driving monsters! teens are the most likely to get into car accidnets than any other age group. just the thought of a young  year old on the road, not knowing how to drive an actual car sounds morbid. the point that i am trying to get across is not only are these cars unrealistic, unsafe, dangerous, and accident prone but that they will be the descendent of humanity. think about it, whenever you drive in a car with friends, family, or just people in general people are bonding, communicating, listening to music, or just looking out the window. with phones being extremely popular nowadays, we are slowly losing ourselves with the increase of these productions. now with these cars, they will change everything. its a downward fall from that, which is mainly why i am against the whole development of these machines.