this facial action coding system is weird. why would anyone want to know what someone else is feeling or how their emotions are? to me that is personal information that i would want to myself. plus i doubt that there would be a whoe lot a people who would put money into this to just see what emotion they are. that is just me though. what do you think about this idea? would you spend time and money on it to just see your emotions and what mood you were in? i wouldnt. if you keep reading from now on i am going to argue why this is a bad idea, because it is. i mean who would spend any type of time, effort, or money on this just to see what your emotions are or how you are feeling. honestly who wants to know what facial expressions to use to show that you are happy, i think we already know how to be happy. we dont need a machine to tell us how to look happy. obviously when someone is happy something great has happened to them or in their lives and they have a great big smile on their face. we also know when someone is mad, obviously when someone is mad they dont like to talk very much, and usually look like they are about to punch you in the face. for example in the text it shows you step by step what expression on your face we need to use to make us look happy, like no i know how to look happy or sad or mad, i dont need a machine to tell me how to do that. so why do we need a machine to tell us these things when we already know them. our world is just spending money on useless things and inventing usless things that our world today doesnt need. there is literally no point to the invention. plus i dont think strangers would want us to calculate their emotions and how they are feeling right now. i mean those things are personal we dont know what their life is like or what they have been through. to me this is what i am thinking. is this really what they are spending our money on. the taxes we pay and all the bills we have to pay and they are speding it on these types of silly, usless inventions. why? just think, out of the whole world how many of us are going to use this? how many of us have the money to use it? how many of us would think its a great idea? probably very, very, very few of us in the whole world would use this invention. that is my take on this facial action coding system. i dont like the idea of it. i think it it useless and would very seldom be used. what do you think? do you agree with me, or not with me? would you use it? would you spend the money on it? would you want someone to know how you are feeling and the emotions you are going through?