people over the years that have been talking about cars that drive themselves have found this topic very interesting because of the phrase cars that drive themselves. yes it sounds interesting and very cool and far into the future but there are downsides to this idea and there are some good sides. it depends on the people that you ask because some could say oh no way! then there are some that could say oh yes way! then you have to think of it this way, are these futuristic cars even safe for humans to be in? driverless cars do sound really cool to me because then you dont really need to do anything but sit back and watch. then again i just dont think that i would want a car that drives itself only because of the dangers it kind of puts you in. for example, in the passage it states that these cars have all of these sensors on it that can keep you safe while youre driving it, well what do you do if while that car is driving and one of the sensors malfunctions and there is a car running a stop sign while its your turn to go what do you do? you wont even see the car coming from the side of you and that sensor malfunctioned so it cant alert the car then you get smacked into by the other vehicle. these cars do come with very dangerous factors and possibilities that can happen at any given moment. so yes these cars are cool but i would never get one for myself. in paragraph two when it talks about how television and movies have been fascinated with cars that drive themselves, i think it can be a bad thing for them doing that. thats because the way movies and tv portray the driverless cars is so unreal but others who dont understand that well, they could be in a good amount of danger. for example in the movie transformers, every single one of those cars drive themselves. they steer themselves, they can open their own doors, they can do all of this stuff and someone who actually believes that that is what these manufacturers are coming out with, then they are wrong because they think that it will be able to do that stuff and while theyre distracted boom! they just got t boned by another driver because the person wasnt paying attention. these cars could really cause a lot of danger to society. driverless cars are way too dangerous to me, i feel like people would be irrisponsible with them and cause harm to the community. im against cars that drive themselves for right now until they can proove to me that these cars are  safe. like we all know today there are crazy drivers out thtere and with them on the road with a car like this, that could put a ton of people in danger. to help prove my whole point in paragraph  it says that if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? well here is the thing, it said if the technology fails. that means that there is a chance of the technology failing and causing harm, just like a lot of other technology can do. for example, some sort of saw to cut wood or metal. if one of those things malfunctions and a blade goes flying it could hit someone and easily kill them. not all technology is  fool proof so that is why i wouldnt trust this driverless car. so once again i do not support the creation of one of these driverless vehicles because of a safety issue. even if this car does have all of these sensors on it that doesnt mean that it is totally safe because you still have all of these other crazy drivers on the road that could potentially smack into if they arent paying attention or even if you arent paying attention. yes in the movies these cars do look really cool but i dont think that they need to be created and brought into real life. i say that we just stick to what we already do. thats having actual people drive the car instead of having a computer programmed into the car driving it. now i know people dont drive  either but what if the technology fails and someone dies in a crash? then what do you do? you definitely cant blame the person for something that a company made malfunctioning. we the people just need to stop and think about what all could happen if you let a computer drive your two to three ton vehicle.