what is your opinion on smart cars? would they help or just create future issues that were worse than before? i personaly support the current movement on smart cars. if the technology improves enough to cover all the current issues then i believe smart cars could really help alot. they would decrease accidents and allow people to use valuable time driving to do other things like learn or invent. im standing in neutral ground though on weather they should be completely driverless unless they improve the smart cars in a way to make them completely safe. to fully support smart cars and turn the publics opinion on supporting them i belive they need to create new laws that would clearly state whos resbonsible if an accident does accur. i think this because who would want to buy a car that you dont have to drive, but if the car does get into an accident your resbonsible! that would be a big problem and would creat problems between individuals and car manufacturers. the question being whos resbonsible? another thing they would have to improve would be their sensing technology. they would have to improve this because currently if their is an accident or detour they driver has to take over. if they want to make driverless cars then they should be driverless at all times. would you agree? if the driver is being entertained and watching movies then suddenly after hours of watching movies he has to be completely focuse and in control of the vehicle wouldnt the person be a little tired and not completely focused? im not totaly for sure how they could fix this problem, but im sure it will raise questions in the near future. seeing how they want to push the people into supporting smart cars they would have to fix all issues and cover all the corners. all of these small improvement would, in my opinion, turn the publics eyes into supporting smart cars. getting the public to support smart cars would be one of the most important things to do if they want smart cars to be a success. if nobody supports them then all the work they are doing would be useless. support would also put thme in a better financial spot. having more money to put into smart cars would mean better and more improved research and development. if all of the issues i brought up could be worked on and improved then, in my opinion, their would be no reasoning for people and myself for not supporting smart cars. hopefully iv coverd some of the current issues with smart cars and once their improved you will be like me and support the ever so growing idea of smart driverless vehicles.this is my opinion on smart cars. as long as they can continue to improve and come out with new ideas i fully support the movement on smart driverless automobiles!