everyone today believes that having a car is the best thing for them. truthfully, it is not. not having a car can prevent from polluting the earth and benifit us as people in a much better way. not having a car will stop accidents, prevent deaths, and save you money. in vauban, many families now do not own cars. heidrum walter states when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. not having a car could actually make you a much happier person as well. you wouldnt have to worry about spending too much money on gas or even getting into accidents. if you have to go somewhere far, you can just hop on a subway or pay for a taxi. i know, your probaly thinking paying for a taxi or paying for a subway ticket cost money but definately not nearly as much as having a car. next, without having to drive cars, our air we breath in will be much less polluted then it would be with cars. paris evenually ended up on banning driving because the smog was so harsh to the environment. anyone who drove cars were then fined. according to the article paris bans driving due to smog congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. congestion is car traffic so therefore, there was less smog in the air. in the article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota , it states it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. anyone who violated the rule was then fined a specific amount to stop the people from driving cars. businessesman carlos arturo plaza stated that its a good opportunity to take stress and lower air polution. not owning a car can help you and your family become closer because you will have to walk places together, it will help you stay fit and it will benifit the companies because they will start to boom. in source , michael sivak says what most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years before the downturn. this means that more families are getting rid of their cars then they ever have before which will make the families closer. walking everywhere will help you stay fit because your walking not sitting. last but not least, companies will begin to boom. source  states that uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. they are trying everything they can to make this world a better place. they are redoing a bunch of stuff just to show that they care. so lets show them that we care about our world too. so lets think about the benifits of not having a car. you will be less stressed, youll be in less accidents and you will save money. if i could have that decision i totally would take it. it is benifical for all of us so lets just live life healthy.