scientists are striving to meet the challenge of exploring the dangerous planet of venus. scientist believe that long ago venus may have supported various forms of life. looking up at venus from earth is a safe distance to visualize the planet since it is very challenging to examine it more closely. the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. these dangers include the enviroment, but it is worthy pursuit becuase it part of human curiosity, and innovation. the atmosphere of venus is very harmful since it is coated by a thick blankets of carbon dioxide, almost  percent of the atmosphere is coated.even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphereparagraph . the temperature are also extreme on venus. the average temperatures are over  degrees fahrenheit and the pressure is  time greater that what we experience on earth. this pressure can crush a submarine. the temperature can liquefy many metals. venus has eurpting volcanoes, earthquakes, and lightning strikes. venus is now an inhospital to any form of life. human curiosity drives scientist eagerly to explore this planet despite of the many danger is upholds. many scientist believe that venus could have a been able to support life long time ago. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans. paragraph . scientists also believe that venus can be be our nearest option for a planetary visit. nasa has an idea for sending humans to study venus. many forms of light cannot penatrate the dense atmosphere so we cannot takepictures, nor can they take rock,gas, or anything else. landing and exploring venus can lead to innovation for humans. nasa is looking for more solution to be able to study venus. they are testing out old technology so they can combine it with new technology like the computer. these experiences can innovate many other technology so that we can explore venus. in paragraph  it states tha these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all . in conclusion there are many challenges that make things difficult to explore venus. there is a purpose to explore venus. nasa is trying to still pursuit solutions to these challenges so that human might actually have a chance to explore this dangerous but amazing planet. so when you look up at the evening star just think about the fasicnating planet that once might have supported life but also remind yourself that this is now a hostile planet that scientist hope that someday they can explore.