the advantages of limiting car usage has errupted since the year . americas love affair with vehicles has been like the love of their children. most people cant get any where without a car they begin to believe that without a car you cat go anywhere, but if they look at the bright side america has many uses of transportation such as bus, train, plane, car pool, hiking, skating, bicycle, and walking. by using these ways of transportation many places around the world will find that is much easier then using a car everyday maybe if we tried to make these federal transportation toals in our city then maybe air polution will decrese or even go away completely. there has been many improvement campaigns around the world such as bogotas day without cars and pariss driving ban due to smog. many counties, cities, and states around the world are finding ways of transportation without cars and we should to. a world without cars is a utopia of a new way of living because many people are much happier this way. as a result, to a world without cars vauban, germanys people has said a life without cars is wonderfull even if it takes a little more time to get places. as a result,  percent of vaubans families donot own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainor and a mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motorrosenthal.. according to elizabeth rosenthals statistic vaubans citizens are happy in this new way of life they have learned that a life without cars can be different but happier so that they can go through out their busy days without hearing the sound of an ongiong car zooming pass them as they walk the streets of their cities.vaubans streets a completely car free besides the tram to downtown feiburg and a few streets on the edge of the communityrosenthal.. according to elizabeth rosenthal vaubans streets being car free is a easier life there is less traffic while trying to get to work in the morning, or even trying to get home, and picking up your kids in the afternoon. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global cityduffer.. paris being near pollution has caused them to enforce a partial driving ban on its cities people. in my oppinion paris going into over pollution would cause it population to die to the lost of many lives because of air pollution. after  days of intesifying the smog congestion decresased and there was many people rerouting their daily lifes to acounter the partial ban on their daily lifes. on monday many motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following dayduffer.. almost , motorist were fined that day because they didnt want to listen to a simple order. due to the partial ban the congestion of motor vehicles decreased by  percent in the capital of france. this ban is a good way to take away the stress of putting gas in your vehicles, finding someone to fix your car when it has broken down and a possible cure to lowering the global effect of air pollution. as a result, to americas campaigns and organizations to keep u.s. drivers off the street and on public transportation the number of people driving and the number of people getting their license has decresased since . demographic shifts in the driving population has caused the population of many places around the world to stop driving cars and find new ways to get around. in the united states the enviromental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities and federal transportation toals, that mattering on its out come, may become a law throught the whole of the united states within the next six years. this law may cause many u.s. citizens to become upset because of the restrictment of something they use through out their daily lifes. most people in the u.s. think that driving is the only way to get around but there are many ways of transportation mattering on where your going and how fast you want to get there.