all of our development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change. people love cars but also love money some love money more than cars people could save a lot of money on gas if they didnt have a car or cut low on theyre mileage and use another type of transportation.when i had a car i was always tense, im much happier this way said heidrun walter a media trainer and mother of two. in the united states, the environmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities. if more people tried the car reduced program the air we breathe would be much better then it is right now. more places are trying to reduce car rates which i highly doubt but it never hurts to try. even paris bans driving paris bans driving because they want to cleant the air of the global city. evennumbered license plates were ordered to leace their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . also diesel fuel was blamed for the smog in france because  of the vehicles in france is made for diesel. the smog cleared enough on monday but theres no saying that the smog is not going to come back... the plan to ban even and odd numbers plate licenses was a great idea for people of french they should do that every couple months so they could avoid the smog. in bogota, colombia people are also having carfree day which is outstading for the community and for the the people in bogota, colombia.it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day wtihout cars in this capital city of  million. the goal of banning cars is to promote alternative transportation and redcue smog. the more we use alternative transportation is more money the goverment and the people that doing theyre jobs as alternate drivers.its a good oppurtinity totake away stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. also the event was doing so well that two other colombian cities joined such as cali, and valledupar. what most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years befoe the downturn said micheal sivak who studied the trend and who is aresearc proffesor at the university of michigans transportation research institute. the downturn must be now because as i see now almost everybody has a car these days old cars,recent cars, brand new cars, and all types of cars.  i think that means something more fundamental is going on. if the pattern persists and many sociologists believe it will have beneficial implicants for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second lagest source of americas emissions. also more car companies are trying to make cars that are eco friendly like hybrid,tesla, and the volt. the volt is an electric car that does not any gas run.