venus is the second plannet closest planet closest to the sun and has the tempature of  degrees fahrenheit. studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents because of the challanges and resources that may occur. nasa has shown from this study that nobody has touched this planet because of their preventions. venus is a worthy pursuit of studying despite the danger it presents from the challenges that occur. from knowing the risks of people not surviving to be able to stay on a planet for more than a few hours, it makes it more of a challenge to at least touch venus. although the text states, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. this shows that this is the safest spot to be close enought to venus. the text also states, the value of returning to venus seems indisputable... from the text, it has shown that nobody has the problem of going to venus for a study, just as the problem of coming back survived and healthy. studying venus is a worthy pursuit by seeing what people are capable of managing to do. from studying venus that can pursuit many resouces that are and could be presented in this project. nasa sees this as a processing challenge by having resources that could be processed. for an example, the text states systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.. by having a device that could help the danger and requirements, could solve the solution of the pressure in the atmosphere. if nasa is able to get to the planet, there will be many sources to be brought back for examination to study. for an example,the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters., the text has shown their are many types of feauture to be explored. the text also states,more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance., from this iy shows that if the resoucres come reasonable to use, it could increase the possibility. from the study of venus it has shown knowing how it can increase the production of each challenge and resouce. it is possible to be completed with correct amount of studying . studying impacts on how much you know of the project to process through all of the steps. studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presnts by the challenges and resources being presented.