studying venus planets are a very interesting, earth, mars , venus, and others are all planets in the solar system. venus is an interesting one, and one that not much is known about. this is why venus must be explored and have discoveries made. venus is a planet that is worhty of being studied and there are reasonable factors as to why that is. the planet venus would save time while visiting it, it is much like earth, and if it was researched many important discoveries about the weather could be made. venus is worth being studied because it is one of the closer planets to earth. it is a planetary neighbor to earth. in the article ,the challenge of exploring venus it states, furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel par. .because venus is a closer planet to earth time could be saved and there would not be a worry about time being lost as if traveling to a different planet. secondly, venus has similarties to earth, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters par. . just like on earth venus also includes the same quality land features. going to venus and discovering the way the land features form would be a magnificent thing to discover and being able to see how the earthquakes and natural disasters appeasr. lastly, while exploring venus, reasoning for the temperatures and dangers of venus could possibly be prevented. if someone was to discover how to prevent the dangerous factors then maybe there would not be a problem to land on venus. making that discovery is important and would help scientists learn more about venus. the article states, on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earthpar. . taking time to discover venus could be a great thing. although venus is a dangerous planet with crucial temperatures, exploring the planet could be very beneficial to scientists and multiple discoveries could be made. venus is a planet that is worhty of being studied and there are reasonable factors as to why it is. the planet venus would save time when visiting it, it is much like earth, and if it was researched many important discoveries about the weather could be made. contributing to the study of venus may be challenging, but in the end would be quite beneficial and would make a difference.