driverless cars are comming, and that is a good thing. driverless cars can be more fuel effecent, and saffer that normal cars today. they can also be more relaxing for the pasangers in the car. driverless cars are something great, and the future will be a safer, cleaner place with them. driverless cars can be more fuel effecent than the cars we drive today. as the text says, he envisions a future with public transprotation system where fleets of driverless cars from a publictransport taxi systam. the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than the bus. this quote from the text tells us that if we switched over compleatly to driverless cars we would use half of the fuel we use today. driverless cars would help the world be a cleaner place. cars that can drive themselves can also be alot safer for the people traveling inside them and for the people around them. smart cars will sense the world around them, and they can help make things like trafic jams and road blocks safer for everyone involved. as the text states,  the google car simply announces when the driver should take over. other options under consederation are flashing lights on the windsheild and other heads up dispalys. manufacturers are also consiering useing cameras to watch that drivers are remaning focused on the road. while the driver watches the road. the car watches the driver. this quote from the text tells us that the smart cars will alart us when danger is ahead so that we will be prepared. this will help prevent colisions with other cars and pedestions. the driverless car with help make the world a safer place. the driverless car will give the pasangers in the car a more enjoyable ride. the pasangers will not have to deal with the stress of the road. allthough the driver will still have to be paying attention o the road, he or she could relax knowing that they are in the hands of a smart driverless car. in the text it says,we have to interpert the driving fun in a new way. this quote is saying that the driverless cars will be a fun alternative to the manual cars we drive today. the new smart cars will be a relaxing and fun car for the future. the driverless car has many positive facters, but it also has a few negative facters. there is the posabitaly that the car can malfuction, or not sense an accident. there are manny varables in the new and evolving world. but man kind can never experances the true joys of life without trial and error. the driverless car will take time to perfect, but when it is complete it will be a masterpice. smart driverless cars are the future. they can provide safety like cars today can not. they are also a more fuel effecent way of transportation. and lastly, driverless cars will creat a more relaxed and fun emviroment inside the car. driverless cars are better in many ways to what we drive today, and will provide a saffer emviroment for the future.