dear senator, i would like to say that the electoral college is not what we should be using to elect our presidents. i think the electoral college is not what americans need. in the electoral college process, many thing could go wrong. the system does not work as many people think it does, as it is very deciving and unfair. over half of all voters agreed that we should abolish the system and go by popular vote. the electoral college is unfair due to the fact that peoples vote is not even going to the president but for his electors. the biggest moral of the country is we the people have control. the trickery of the electoral college is not allowing this to happen but taking it away. it is mainly unfair because of the winnertakeall system in each state. the electoral college interfered in the the presidential race between al gore and george w. bush by allowing bush to win even though more people voted on al gore in popular vote. the many flaws in the system or mistake that can happen are more likely in the electoral college. the is a possibility that the two presidents can tie and in which case they have to go through a long process. this can happen due to an even number of electoral votes overall . the electors in the state of louisiana have refused to vote for their partys canidate and vore for whoever they please ant that is not right. you can pay electors to vote one way which is also wrong too considering that not what the people think. many people agree that they system should be abolished including two presidents the united states richard nixon and jimmy carter. over half of all voters at over  agree that the system should be abolished. these statistics were taken in a gallup poll in  shortly after al gore was not elected. the obama vs. romney race was won by obama who had .  of the electoral votes versus he had only .  of the popular votes. thats it! the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational as bradford pulmer clearly staes it. the best arguements in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis of reality. due to the many flaws andor mistakes that can happen the electoral college should not be used. i have to agree with nixon and carter abolish the electoral college!