technology is one of the fastest industrys growing rapidly in our generation. there are well over  ads on television that ties to better technology. these ads are to prompt customers into buying the latest devices such as the latest computer, mac pad, the iphone x, the smart phone that is as thin as a piece of paper, and the widest, flattest television screen. there is something that all of these devices do not have. now a new system called the facial action coding system is reaching the surface. this system allows computers to dictate how a person is feeling by just their facial expressions such as muscle placemnts in their face, the rise and fall of cheeks and under eyelids. so is this new system valuable, and can it be beneficial to our community? this system is beneficial to our school communities. according to the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto its says  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,dr. hauang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructure. if computers were able to see how many kids were and were not ingaged in the activity that takes place on computers, then it would help the schools and the state to know what new things to try to keep kids ingaged so they can get the best possible education offered to them. this system is great for istep test taking as well. sometimes kids may fall asleep during testing or they may start too dose off and not be as consentrated as they should, and that could have a negative affect on their test. if the computer could read their emotions it would help us to know what the problem is and the reason why kids are losing focus and once we have confronted the problem we can then began the process of finding an affective solution. this computer would be very beneficial in offices and in police stations. they could be used to help with criminal justice. a suspect can be told to tell their side of the story infront of a computer screen and the computer would be able to dictate that persons true emotions. this could make the officer, and investigaters job alot easier. they could be used in hospitals to keep an eye on how a paitent is feeling maybe after a recovery or when they are lying on their death bed. in the article it says  they even can indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. so there is no faking of emotions out of a crime. its also says  in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sidways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. there is no faking with that computer. this new system has the ability to make our jobs alot easier. nowadays people dont usually communicate face to face anymore. that means people dont usually express theirselves in person as much as they once did in earlier days when technology wasnt around. so this can be a way to still be able to know how someone is feeling, esspecially if they are less likely to tell how they are feeling when your right infront of them. this can be very effective with younger kids who may not know how to epress how they may be feeling in the right way, shape, or form. this new system gives us a new way to still connect with our community. this new system is a pathway to a brighter future. this new system is valuable to our community.