in the article  making mona lisa smile, the author nick dalto desribes how a new technologhy called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotion changes . human changes are when a person can feel a little happy ,but more sadder. in this essay today i will explain how i think whether the use of the technology should be used in the classroms , based off what ive just read . based off what i just read in the text making mona lisa smile  the author nick, was explaining about how the emotion changes to mona lisa expressed how she felt based off cacualations using technology. in the beginning of the txet the author talked about the caculations emotions .for an example in the text text the author quoted  shes  perenct happy,  perecnt disgusted , percent fearful, and  percent angry. no, thats not your science teacher , grading your lastest lab assignment .  after , reading that example, you should have a question asking  how did they know that  ? .the answer to that question is rare , they knew how much percentages of each emotion was worth because they caculated it using technology and her body strcutered muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus. that helps shows the crowfeet aroud the eyes to vertify the emotions  bsaed off body languages. i feel that classroms need this computred based technology because itll tell the teacher wether if a student is feeling good, bad, or okay . i know this because according to the text the author nick was explaing the caculations of mona lisa . it explained her emotions and even the percentages of the emotions. i can connect this to when i was in rd grade. i was getting ready for the isat test. that day i was not feeling good, i was feeling  perecnt worries ,  perent happy, and  percent sad. i did not move to the next grade all because of i was worried about how will i do on the test instead of getting it out the way . my teacher couldnt tell my emotions because my emotions was hidden in silence . thats why i feel this technonlogy should be used in classrooms, but if it is being used in the classroms i hoep it change the looks at things . after, reading my essay i hope you get a good understanding why ive thought it was best to have the technology in classrooms . the caculations will explain how each student is feeling each day of class. the computer will show the progress of an happy , sad , worried, or okay student . a student actions and emotions explains their feelings ,but not the percentages. however, i hope teachers and instructors chose to have the computer based technology to explain a students emotions.