studdies have shown that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and  percent in the united states alone. many people see this as and eye opener to life in the suburbs without motor vehicles. there have been actions on car deduced communities in europe. also france baned driving do to smog. sounds extream, but it is very effective. there have been some countries that have reduced the usage of cars to almost nothing. in vauban, germany residents of this community have given up their cars. this may seem a bit insane, but the way the government did it is varry smart. street parking, driveways, and home garages are generally forbidden. their streets are completely  carfree . the government made it that if you still wanted a car you would have to pay an aditional , for a spot when buying your home. the result is  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move there. in the united states, the epa  environmental protection agency  is promoting  car reduced  communities. legislators are starting to act as well. bogota has a carfree day where the only motor vehicles running are busses and taxis. some countries are even going to harsh measures by banning motor vehicles all togather. in france they had so much smog that they baned driveing all togather. france desided that they where going to order evennumbered license plates owners to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . same for oddnumbered cars the following day. almost , drivers were fined, and  had their cars impounded because of their reaction to the fine. but congestion was down  percent in the capital. in bogota, colombia they have had three straight years where cars have been banned with only buses and tavis permitted in a capital of  million. their goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. a businessman carols arturo plaza said, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. based on all of the previous information givin, we can conclude that driving bans, and carfree campains have helped our environment. these countried have reduces the smog in their air. they have goten people to partisipate in their community. also they have gotten other countries to get involved in this cause. diffrent countries have made their own style of these programs to their advantage. this idea of carfree suburbs is changing the way the population reacts in the community.