scientist believe they have came up with a technology that can read your true emtions called facs, or facial action coding system. this technology works your emotions out like a math equation. it calculates the feelings of fear, happiness, disgust, surprise, anger, and sadness. now they are thinking that it can be great in the classroom and benefit schools tremendously. feeling are told all over your face and your body language, all someone really has to do is pay attention. in the classroom though, it is very hard for one teacher to see how each child individually feels. new technology that has sprung up can do that for them now. this technology uses video memory and software that decodes the muscles in facial expressions. this could be very beneficial in the classroom because now you can see how your children feel about your lessons, and that could develope new ways to help students learn. the auhtor writes how dr. huang says,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,. then it could modify the lesson like, like an effective human instructor., this would be very wise to put in a classroom. teachers want to know all the time what they can do for their students and how new technology could do it for them. although this idea could be genius, it could have flaws just like most technology. it is hard to truly depict someones emotions, so how can a computer tell someone how they feel? or honestly, what does a few pieces metal know about how someone is feeling? people could also say this creation is very invasive.these claims could be arguements presented when getting this type of technology into the classroom. even though this technology could have flaws to it, people will never kbow till they try. they have sent pyschologists, like dr.paul eckman, in to help perfect the facs. the computer software can even predict your true emotions, regardless if you put on a fake smile. it knows what muscles are used in a fake and in a real smile. humans use the same skill everyday according to the author, our only difference is we have trouble actually describing the emotion. in conclusion, facs, a system that can calculate your feelings, would be a great additon to the classroom. we introduce new technology everyday that is not benefical to schools, so why not help the school sytem. every technology has its kinks, but who truly knows until it is tested.