the breeze of the late summer air, its fragrance of flowers and the occasional bakery wafting into our noses. the sounds of children safetly playing amongst themselves and soft chatters of people coinsided with the smell. it seemed like an utterly new universe where we tread, thanks to no more pollution and the ruckus of vehicles beeping and swerving every now and then, the atmosphere was delightful. the advantages of banning cars or at least reducing them is that the carbon dioxide levels will decrease and business will bloom. to begin with, banning carsreducing them will benefit our ecosystems and enviornments. take paris for example, they banned cars due to all of the smog and pollution it was emitting. congestion, traffic, was down  after five days of intense smog it was worst than one of the most populated cities in the world, beijing source . that co rises into the air, the atmopshere of earth trapping all of that heat in, and it bounced back down at us. the climate would be more reasonable, there will be a less amount of traffic jams and people being late to work, and maybe some day, our ozone layer could replenish. carlos arturo plaza from source  stated, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. we as a population dont have to completely outlaw driving but more acts of carpooling and using public transportation will immensely reduce the co. we can all be able to give up something for the benefit of the common good, in bogota, columbia it has been three straight years that cars have been banned found in source  and they have a population of a wopping seven million. michael sivak brings up a good point in source  saying, what most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years before the downturn. elisabeth rosenthal states that, mine  and  speaking of her children have not bothered to get a drivers license, even though they both live in places where one could some in handy. they are interested, but its not a priority. they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or carpool with friends. alongside with the bettering the enviornment, there is the sudden blooming of business and profit. with everyone on their feet and searching somewhere to hang , shop owners will be opening for business, and actually take part in the outside world. in source , a valid point is relevant, parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughtout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restauraunts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. there will be a fluctuation of revenue throughout all these newly built shops, stores, entertainment centers, and restauraunts. people will be more active with running, walking, and biking around the citytown. in bogota, columbia according to source  new paths have been opening up, it has seen the construction of  miles of bicycle paths, the most of any latin american city, stated by mockus the city mayor. an ordinary person, heidrun walter, positively commented on the ban of cars, when i had a car, i was always tense. im much happier this way. consider all the factors of health, one will be fully exercised on a daily basis, there will be little to no car accidents where people have died either in the vehicle or on the sidewalks dui, drinking and driving, will not be an pestering issue anymore. in conclusion, the idea of banning cars is magnificant. there will be less pollution, less traffic jams, more businesses and shops and restauraunts opening to suit our needs, and just overall great for the enviornment. we can all join up together as a union to save our earth, the ozone layer from allowing harmful objects from outer space into our atmosphere, and induce more activity amongst each other. we will all be happier and less irritated without the ruckus of cars and checkup like oil leaks, motor mishaps. think of this new world, it could happen with one voice.