as we all know driverless cars are coming. do you agree with idea? and would you feel comfortabel ina driverless car?. well im here to discuss with you why i dont think driverless cars are needed. the idea of having a driverless car is a fantastic idea until you begin to think about the consequences and similarities it has against cars we drive now. theres many differences but also a lot of similarities between both the driverless cars and the cars we drive now. driverless cars are not a good because why create a car that drives on its own but still needs assistance from a person. driveless cars does come with special sensors such as positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor, but with all that technology why does it need assistance. the cars we drive today does not have all that fancy sensoring but it does have some that really comes in handy. driverless cars can steet, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. to save the stress of you having to take control of the wheel if you run into a problem than why not keep you car, the cars we drive now. without any navigation or all that fancy stuff we will always have our eyes on the roads and knowing when to turn, stop, go and all that good stuff. no matter how good a driverless car sounds i still dont think its a god idea. i feel as if its just a waist of money and products when theres more importnat things going on in the world that still hvent been fixed. driverless cars are safe until a drunk driver or a persons whos high off something get in a dosent pay attention to what that navigator is telling you, the same with texting and driving. so why risk someone lives when if they are driving the cars we use now more people pay attention to the roads, not many drink and drive, more and more people everyday are paying attention to the roads.