in a argument between against or for driverless cars, i am for driverless cars. i think its a good idea to have driverless cars. it will safer on the streets. there should be a whole new set of laws regarding to these cars. i also think they shouldnt be released until these cars are truly driverless. as i said earlier driverless cars shouldnt come out until they are completely do not need a driver. when they are driverless it would resolve conflict between if there were an accident who the blame would be on. the blame would be on the company that made the car because the driver isnt doing anything. i think there should still be a mode in the car where the driver can takeover if the driver sees a situation where he should control the car. i think the car should be smart enough to know how to get through traffic jam, that shouldnt be a problem. the new laws should be that all cars will have to go a certain speed. i dont see how you could get in a car accident if they are all going the same speed. even though most people would have a driverless car, some people will still have old cars that need a driver. so if there is an accident between a driverless car and a old car that requires a driver, i think the blame should be in the driver in the old car because the driverless car is following all the laws and is going a certain speed so if there was an accident it would be on the driver that isnt following the laws. but then again the driverless car could have technical difficulties and could crash. i think the car should know when it is having technical issues and pull over to the side so the driver can take control. even though the car is driverless i think the laws for getting your license should not change. also some people like to drive so the should be and option that is opposite to cruise control we the driver can drive, but when you are driving you have to be ready to take responsibility for anything that happens while you are driving. in conclusion, driverless cars would be a great idea. it would lead to less accidents as long as the car it programmed the right way. texting and driving would be as big of an issue as it has been lately with a driverless car. with a driverless car there are less choices being made and less opinions. our generation would be great to take on the challenge because we take on new things everyday with things being invented everyday. with all that being said i am for driverless cars. it is a great idea and would save lives also.