the author does a very good job at explaining and giving details of the passage.they give you the scientific facts and even tells you that nasa has been working on diffrent ways to study venus.he lets you know that venus is not an easy planet to study since it has a top degrees of  degrees farenheight. he also gives information about how diffrent metals and other objects melt and liquefy after so long on venuses surface. they give very good information on how nasa plans to get peopel to venus by building a space craft that will hover  miles over the landscape of venus. he gives muliple good facts about the spaace craft and how it will possible work. the author claims it will work like airplanes and a blimp, however it will still be hot  miles up. it will still be  degrees up there.they also give you the bad parts of having a hover craft over venus for example the visibility of the landscapes and terrian. they also explain how you cant take samples from the ground hovering  miles over the land. the author also gives creat detail of venuses surface and how nasa has been thinking of diffrent ways to approach it. they give facts about the ground and the atmospherer around venus and how the atmosperic pressure is  times greatewr then we have experience with.the author also tells us how its blanketed with  percent carbon diocide and other gasses. we are even told that the conditions are to extream for us and how the presure would crush a submarine. in the passage he describes how its one of the brightest points in the sky. the author even tells us how a amerture could even find it. venus is also described as our twin planet. it is also wrote in the passgae on how close it resembles our planet even though it could crush and kill anyone. the author also adds on how hard venus is to examine with all the storms and comotion on its ground. venus even has volcanoes that erupt on its surface. it has earthquakes and even occasional lightning storms. the author has definetly done a very good job on explaining his point on exploring venus. he has put the good and the bad facts into the passage. he describes almost every aspect of the planet.the author aslo beleives that it will be good for us to try and explore venus because we will be able to go one more dangerouse trips in the future.