driverless cars will bring great benefits to the human race. they can provide a level of safety that many people are unable to provide, and they can allow for new freedoms and options for those on the road. they can take people to the hospital if someone is injured, and they can also bring a person to hisher home, if needed. the possibility of driverless cars is slowly becoming a reality, thanks to the work done by various companies. google has already created a modified car capable of maky of these things, and other auto makers have followed in googles footsteps. automated cars will be helpful in the future due to the safety brought by the introduction of promising technology, and the steady progress in the fields of robotics and cars. the technology used in driverless cars is very advanced, able to process information and respond in the time comparable to a human. they can respond generally better to dangerous situations than that of the human mind as well. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. these cars are trustworthy in a safety sense, and they know when it is neccessary to give control back to the driver.in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead repuires human skills. this means that not all control is relinquished to the car. truthfully, most of these driverless cars actually build from a driver assistance system, where the car helps the person drive rather that drive for the person. automated cars can soon be possible for all of humanity. humanity has already come a long way from the past, when people would dream of robotic cars. car companies have developed technologies that can make those dreams a reality. there was no way, before , to make something interesting. the sensors werent there, the computers werent there, and the mapping wasnt there. radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. nowadays, cars are now able to have their own radar systems. google modified a car to have a motion sensor, gps, and four radar sensors. in the future, many automotive companies plan to have their own driverless cars. tesla plans to have a car by . mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan will push to have automated cars by . progress is already happening in the car industry. driverless cars are a possibility for humanity. in the past, people would dream of being able to sit in a automated car. today, the worlds first robotic cars are being produced. there are those who oppose the idea of having a robot drive, but there are results that speak for the effectiveness of driverless cars. in the future, there will be many more automated cars, and there will also be many less deaths and injuries on the roads.