an idea for driverless cars does sound appealing. it can improve the intelligence of todays cars by giving them a mind of their own. however, these cars may seem like a decent idea for the future, but they can prove to be really difficult. quite a few problems can arise from this phenomenon. the development for these driverless cars should cease pretty soon. in the future, driverless cars are supposed to become a new thing. these cars will have the ability to function on their own and drive itself, which will not really require the driver to handle it. although this seems like a nice thought, this is quite an issue already. creating driverless cars can create laziness in lots of people. assuming that this creation is titled driverless, many people will think that they do not have to do anything. this will raise the laziness in some people if this driverless car becomes available. this invention is not a good idea. as well as it can raise laziness in people, it can quite possibly cause the driver to use it to hisher advantage in inappropriate ways. there is a law that says the driver must be held responsible for any mistakes heshe makes while on the road whether the car is automated or not. the driver will be at fault regardless if any acident is to happen. even though this law exists, people will still make excuses for their mistakes. if an accident occurs, the driver may use the car as an excuse to avoid any responsibilities, such as court cases if anything is damaged. with such an invention as great as this, someone is most likely going to use it as a scapegoat for their mishaps. this just gives people a reason to avoid being guilty for what they did. it is said that the car is supposed to maintain its commands and make driving easier. these driverless cars are supposed to work almost efficiently for everyone. however, accidents are still likely to happen. even if these cars are supposed to work well, things can go wrong. perhaps the car may somehow malfunction while on the road. if this happens, it will put the driver and other people on the road, driving or walking, at an extreme risk. if a malfunction in the car is to occur, accident and death rates will increase. this is extremely unsafe for drivers in the future. it sounds great to have a car that can drive itself in the future. maybe it might raise the intelligence of some drivers. nevertheless, the possibilities of this new car going wrong should not be ignored. these cars cannot be  perfect at all times after its release. it can be unsafe and extremely inaccurate and should not become an invention in the future.