although, self driving cars would be nice to have i would rather stick to driving manually.one reason is because we dont need driverless cars. we have taxi drivers that takes us where we need to go. another reason is i would rather do it my self is because i enjoy driving, and i would be more than happy to take myself where i need to go. my last reason about not wanting driverless cars because think about if they malfunction or if someone hacked into your car. if we had driverless cars, we would be taking alot of peoples jobs that they depend on. bus drivers, taxi drivers, shofurs would all be out of work and could now be lost in life. not having anything other work avalible for them becsuse they didnt go to collage or they just cant find a new job. another reason that i belive we dont need driveless cars is because i enjoy driving and im sure im not the only only. but driverless cars would take the freedom feeling out of driving. being able to go where you want, how you want, and when you want to. but what if your someone who likes to driver of roads in dirt, mud or any other terrian. the car that drives its self wouldnt do that bc it may be damaged or it may read that its a possibility of that. my last thought on driverless cars are they have the potential to be very dangerous also its pointless to have one if you still have to be aware as if you were driving. but what if your just like antother day of you letting your car drive itself starts to have defects. a couple of those are that sometimes it rapidly picks up speed and slams on the brakes. results you end up running someone over or you get into a bad accident. you have to take the blame for the mistake your car made. that could lead to big fines or even jail time. or what if someone hacks into your car and takes control of your car and try to hurt you by crashing it or they take you some where your not fimilliar with. as in they driver you out of state and you get lost. so again i am one that is against driverless cars. they could put people out of work making peoples lifes ruined. it can take the thrill some get from driving. also alot can go wrong if the car comes with flaws. .