face the facts the face on mars. weve all heard of it. from pictures on instagram to movies, it has become a phenomenon of the modern age. since  the face on mars has had conspiracy theorists dying to uncover the truth about the face. some think its proof of alien colonies or other supernatural reasons. some think its proof of a ancient chicken supreme race. ok, maybe not, but thats barely anything compared to the crazy theories about this face. to tell the truth, the face on mars is nothing more than a natural landform. first, why would nasa lie to people? they wouldnt lie. in the article unmasking the face on mars, it says ...defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. paragraph  how popular would nasa be if they found proof of alien life, or how much support theyll get or money to fund nasa and the projects to space if they say they found alien life? theyd get a lot of fame and support if they say that they found their proof of alien life. covering up the fact that theres proof for alien life is pointless and unneccecary to nasa. next, aliens cant exist on mars. sure it can support the life of some bacteria, but can it really support the life of any creature? a creature that can live on mars without needing water, air, and can live off the cold is simply impossible. not to mention that the creature would need to be smart enough to build the face and procreate. theres no alien babies on mars. the creature that supposedly lived on mars didnt come from thin air. if mars was suitable for life then why isnt it today? the answer is because it never was. finally, it has been scientifically proven that the face is the result of a mars equivilent of a mesa. according to the same article unmasking the face on mars it says what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. paragraph . that same paragraph goes on to say how the face on mars is very similar to a butte on earth the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. its not that far fetched to think that the face is a mesa. theres solid evidence behind it like the picture that the mgs took in  proves theres no face. to add on, its time for theorists to take off their tin foil hats and face it. the possibility of aliens building the face on mars is impossible. that wont stop them from finding something to counter the logical evidence. theorists never stop believing in their own theories. the evidence presented is enough to in conclusion, alien life on mars is impossible, the face is a mesa, and nasa wouldnt lie to people in that sense. its just that simple. even though the theory that the face on mars has been disproven, dont stop believing in the impossible. the world is a magical place, and theres more mysteries to be solved.  e.m.