do you like seeing different places and different countries? if so you should join the seagoing cowboys. you will be able to see lots off different cities and countries. do you like to help people in need then you should join the seagoing cowboys. lots of people need help ,they need food supplies ,animals and many other things. you will also be having lots of fun and you will be able to enjoy yourself. there are lots of other place to see and different foods. if you join now you will see different cities,countries and foods. there are lots of diffent types of food to try and maybe you might really like one type of food. cities are diiferent from other ones they may be alike but not really. there are different types of cities to see . countrys are way different nthan other ones and some other ones speak a different langue. dont you think it would be great if you to lean a different langue? when you would come back to your home you would be ale to teach others different cultires and lanuges. helping others is a great thing to do and very inportant. there are lots of people without food or cloths to wear. people need help because their towns have been destroyed and they have nothing left for them. they also need animals to perduse meat, wool, and they can sell htem so they can get money to buy things. lots of those people are dieing from hunger or they are out side with no place to sleep or even sit. they need our help,they need your help. you might be think how am i going to get there. we will take you by boat but you might be wondering that seems boring and we will have nothing to do on the boat. there is lots of things to do on the boat. you can feed the animals as we take to different places. does that seem boring to you if so you are right but there are othering things to do such as baseball and volleyball games and other games. on the back that is when you can really start having fun. since there are no animals on the boat that extra space can be use as a tabletennis room and you can have tournamets. you can also have fencing,boxing,reading, whittling. do you still think you will not like being seagoing cowboys? there are many different food,cities,and countires. helping the people in the need who dontt have food suplies and animals. also all those fun games you would be able to play and how you would be able to make new friends and talk to different people. that seems like a great program i would join and i have joined the seagoing cowboys. to see different things,to help lots of people ,and to meet different people and have a good time with them. i dont know about you but i sure would want to be a part of the seagoing cowboys. if you would join the seagoing cowboys program you would have a great time.