would you want to be burned at  degrees fahrenheit? no, that just sound to painful you might say. scientists at nasa speculate that venuss surface on the planet can average those temperatures. in this essay i will talk about how studying venus is a worthy pursuit and evidence that backs my claim up thoroughly. going to another planet seems so dangerous and so far out of our mind that we dont think about this idea on a regular basis. the text states in paragraph , a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures avereage over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encouter on earth. this quote shows how much more dangerous venus is than earth just simply based on the atmosphere of the planet and that harsh conditions that cover it. another piece of evidence is this in paragraph ,  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such asn valleys, mountains, and craters. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. the value of venus seems indisputable. this quote shows how venus is so close geographically and distance wise to earth based on some land features. researchers find that getting even  miles from the surface of the planet the temperatures would still be at roughly  degrees fahrenheit, but the pressure would be close to earths sea level. venus is a worthy pursuit because it is so magnificant of a planet because we have never experienced a planet so much like our own. our travels shouldnt be limited by dangers or doubts that we may have but should meet our endeavourous wonders and imagination of the planet and travel.