for years and years, it has been said that emotion comes from the heart, when really, emotions are scientific. in a classroom setting, many students feel as if they are in an uncomfortable environment, causing them to become silent and unable to ask questions. with the use of the technology called facial action coding system, the teacher is able to modify what they are teaching to ensure everybody, even those who are quiet, understand. this new technology will offer students who are shy the same education as those who are not, modify a lesson for a certain student who is confused, and allow for a more positive environement in a classroom, making it valuable for students. when eighteen girls and fifteen boys are put into a classroom, it is not always guranteed that they will have a friend in the class. many times, when children do not feel welcome in an environment, they will not speak up or ask a question. this causes teachers to be unable to help the student understand what they are trying to learn. in the excerpt, movement of one or more muslces is called an action unit. then dr. huang relies on the work of psychologists, such as dr. paul eckman, creator of facs facial action coding system. eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, dear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial musclesdalto . the technology is able to deeply read the expressions people make due to the movement of the muscles in the face. when someone has an emotion, sometimes, they unawarely show it. with facs, the program can analyze that emotion , and give the feedback to the teacher to allow heshe to go back over the material that the student gave an emotion to. with the use of this technology, teachers can see how the students are feeling, without having to pull the answers out of the students who rarely talk. the first thing most people notice when meeting someone for the first time or thousandth time is body language. it is scientifically proven that when someone is public speaking or talking, the focus is  body languagetone, and  material they are covering. from the way their voice is, or the way their face falls, a lot of information can be given. the new technology facial action coding system allows for a computer to go deeper in analyzing the emotion of the face. a normal person is not going to immediately recognize that when the your oribularis oris, which is the muscle around your mouth tightens, it means you are showing angerdalto. the new program is able to analyze the muscles to give more of a precise and accurate reading of the emotion. teachers meet students for  minutes a day, and are not mind readers who know how their students are feeling. the author claims, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructordalto . since technology is the new way of learning this century, the computers ability to be able to recognize confusion, and help modify the lesson to help increase understanding would be very valuable. there are many times when teachers let students go off and do the notes online, and many students may not catch on. with the ability to see they are not understanding, the student will not be forced to ask the teacher, but have the computer explain it. this would substantially help the students who are afraid of questions, and those who are absent from class. having an instructor that knows every emotion that a student is feeling, and be there if modification is needed, would have a major impact on the succsess rate of students. as more and more technology is being woven into todays ways of learning, it is important that it is grows along with the generation. many times, students come into class with a i do not want to be here attitude. with attitudes like that, it decreases the success of the student. in the excerpt, according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them.....empathy feeling someone elses emotional state may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressionsdalto . teachers could use these known tactics and have their students practice certain facial expressions to make them feel a certain way. if they are able to make the students smile, and it can allow for a slight feeling of happiness, resulting in a more positive environment. students will participate more when put into an environment they feel welcome, and warm in, and by using the facs program to see if they begin to feel happy, teachers can enforce more postivity in the classroom. the positive the classroom, the more particpation there is from students. although this program may not be  accurate since it doesnt know every emotion in the universe or what is going on in the persons brain, it can help teachers realize the basic emotions needed to see if their students are understanding. this new technology will offer students who are shy or quiet the same education as anyone else, allow for a more positive environment, and modify a lesson for a certain student if confused, overall making it very valuable for students in the classroom.