the reason we want you to be in our program is that..luke bomberger had no idea that his life would change vey soon, when don reist lukes friend said that he was invited to go with him in europe in a cattle boat. luke couldnt say no so, he went with him for an opportunity of a life time. in , world war ll was over in europe and many countries were left in ruins.  nation joined together to form a unrra  the united nations relief and rehabilitatiion administration . after that the unrra hired the seagoing cowboys to take care of the young farm animals that were shipped overseas. when luke turned  years old right before he arriving in greece, which meant he could be drafted for military service. in , luke made nine tripsthe most of any seagoing cowboy was ever been through. the cattleboat trips were unbelievable opportunity for a smal town boy, luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. it took about two weeks to cross the atlantic ocean from the eastern coast of the united states and a month to get to china. bales of hay and bags of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship. stalls had to be cleaned. luke also found time to have fun on board, esspecially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. the cowboys played music, played games, sports they played, and also read to have some relaxation. but being a seagoing cowboy for luke was much more an adventure for him it also gaved him much more experience to the world than he imagined. it made luke more aware of peole of other countries their needs. and that awareness stayed ith him, leading his family to host a number of international student and exchanged visitors for many years. this is why we need you to be in our program have exiting adventures just like luke bomberberger did when he was an adult. you can have the fun to if you want to have unique visit to places. please come join us with this program and have your lifetime adventurre with all the food suplies, games, reading and more so, leave your stuff at home and, come have the fun and exiting trips, visit with our program. participate at the seagoing cowboys program at anytime and everyday. be like luke bomberberger when he claimed his life with experience and, adventures.