in the aricle making mona lisa smile, the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to indentify human emotions. details i found from in the article show that computers can read a persons emotions. it can also tell from a painting or a video. it tells us in the beginging of the paragraph  that in the mona lisa paiting it shows emotion. according to the new computer software that can read emotions they tested it on paiting. she shows  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  perecent ferful, and  percent angry. i believe this new technology is valuable for our use. it can give us bettter ways to explore and to communicate with computers. it tells us in the artilcle that computers can actually calculate emotions. it can recognize how a human feels and how humans express themselves. a psychologists, such as dr. paul eckman a creator for facs constructed a d computer model of a face and all major muscles in the model must move like a human muscle. one or more muscles that move is called a action unit. an example, your pfrontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyues raise your eyuebros when your surprised or shocked . using video imagery, the new emotionregonition software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. humans perform this same impressice calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her or his face. i think to read the emotional expressions of students in classroom is impressive. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. it could also make computer animated faces more clear and expressive for video games video surgery. but also most humans communicate in nonverbal, including emotional communicaton. i think the use to read the emotional expressions of students is valuable. it can help them in the classroom if there confused or distracted. it could really help a lot more then just students in a classroom. i think it could be used around in daily life maybe at a hostpital or military. this is why i think the facial action coding system and technology is valuable.