do you remember when the weather was mild with a slight breeze and you could go and just drive with the windows for about a year? imagine be able to do that in a car that doesnt need your help to drive. wouldnt it be nice to have that? i think it would and in the near future it might just be possible. they has been several motor compinies that are on tract to have a driverless model out in the year . the more you think about being able to absorb nature in a car the better it sounds. think about driving around the grand canyon or taking a tour around times square in new york. both seem like fun places to visit but when you are driving around rocks and trying to avoid clif edges or focusing on the traffic in front of you that may take an hour just to move one block, now that doesnt seem that enjoyable. now in the future there is a possinbility that you could still do these things, still be in the drivers seat, but be able to look around and enjoy the sereny because your car drives itself. now you might be thinking that this is very dangerous and right now at this present moment it may be. however, with the way technology is advancing and the ability we have with it, driverless cars might be safer than cars driven by humans. us humans have a tendency to always make mistakes and some of those mistakes cause injury and even death when we come to talk about motor vehicle mistakes. there has been plenty of fatal accidents casued by people not paying attetion or drinking and then trying to drive drunk which is one the stupidest mistakes someone could make in their lifetime. with the driverless car these mistakes can easily be prevented. no more do we have to not only focus on the road in front of ourselves but also to the area around us because the majority of driving is defense driving and watching out for other people. with these cars you dont have to worry about weather the car next to you is going to try to cut you off or if the person heading the opposite direction is going to veer off and speed into your lane. all of these cars have sensors and can detect what is around them, where they are going, when to stop, and when to go. these cars are the cars of the future. they will be installed with the best and latest safety equipment. they will change the way of our everyday life. they will change the way we travel. these cars are coming and coming fast, they maybe be expensive at first but it wont take long before everyone has them. they may seem like a tale from a movie or a book, but they will be here before you know it , weather you are ready or not.