technology is a great thing to have in a classroom. it helps kids in many ways. it helps being able to know when a kid is struggling and the computer can go back and help the kid. the computer can do many different things. it could help with their homework. being able to use a computer is a nice thing to have especially in the classroom, because a teacher isnt always going to be there for the child that has a question. technology could be very productive too. most kids like being able to use technology instead of pencil and paper. kids engage more when they use computers. technology is a great resource is the classroom to have because it is hard for kids to pay attention. if you have a computer software that could recognize emotions it would help with what you need to help the kid with more. all the computer would have to do is be able to have a wide understanding of subtle facial movements with a d computer model of the face. the software would have an understanding of all the  major muscles in the model that would need to move like the way the muscles do in a human face. im very supportive with technology being used in the classroom, because if a kid cannot write it could potentially be easier for a kid if he were to type it. if a child were to have trouble than it would pick up on it from the childs facial reaction. in paragraph six it says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becomeing confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. it could be more beneficial than a teacher, because for the kids who do understand it they can move onto other things and the kids who dont can have extra help. most humans show facial expressions toward someone instead of verbal communication. paragraph six dr. huang said that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. so computers need to understand that, too. most people could have a benefit to this so that they could understand the assignment theyre assigned for the lab they could be doing for a science class. it just all depends on whether or not the kid would use this tool effectivly as others. it could be used as a lie detector in a way if it picks up any facial expressions. this facial recognition can be very benefital for the kids who struggle on watching a video over how to do something. the d will calculate the kids who are struggling with a problem or anything that is assigned to them. this strategy is very useful for when kids dont have any help or when the teacher is helping someone else it can help and walk the kid through the problem instead of having them get upset, because the computer can detect anything that happens to the kid while in the process of the lesson. technology is a very useful thing for kids who struggle, become upset, or have trouble understanding.