there are many different plants in our solar system. you may have a favorite one or maybe youre just not that interested in it. well have you ever thought about taking a trip to the moon or just the planet period maybe even studying a planet just for fun? it will cause you to think about the  ws first the who, who will be there are there lots of humans just floating around in space? what will it be like, what would it look like? why did someone create this? when did everything take place? why did it take place? where did everything all begin and what made someone think of this ? lets say you studied venus. venus is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planted in our solar system. it could be by far the most exiciting plant that you could ever study and the greatest dangerous one too. beyond high pressure and heat venus geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. venus causes many things to corrupt without venus there would be many corruptions in the world. but so does any other planet right? not every planet is a good planet. how is venus tested and when was it discorved ? according to the text, many astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planted in our solar system the text also states that  long ago, venus was probably covered largelt with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth.  different plantes have been here for over , years crazy right, if you was to imagine what life would be like with out planets or gravity keeping everything in check what would we be up to right now. we need these things to survive. venus could be the most by far dangerous planet to visit the text says , even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the text also states that,  on the plantets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this goes to show that if you were able to take a trip to venus you probaly would pass out or either die because the tempature is not average compared to the earths and theres less oxygen. you might take it into concederation that we should not be limited to on things we want to do just because the danger of things, and i agree because the world be so much better if we did what we wanted. studying a planet and actually going to see about it could be someones biggest dream but they are stopped by it because of the outcome. many people say chase your dream but how if we stuck in the same mind frame as everyone else.