in the article making mona lisa smile, a technology called facial action coding system allows computers to identify human emotions. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because knowing the emotions of students can help others in the classroom to react to that emotion appropriately depending on what the program identifies. this would allow people in a classroom to communicate more effectively, know when something may be wrong and should change, and display empathy towards one another. being able to know how someone feels helps to complement those emotions. if a classmate was feeling happy, sad, angry, or any other emotion, and it was known it would be much easier to know how to approach them than it would be without the knowledge showing why this infromation could be valuable. knowing how another person feels makes it less difficult to communicate with them and communication is important in a classroom. in the text the author talked about how the program could tell when a person is not truly conveying emotions. the text says,to an expert, faces dont lie these muscles clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this information is useful to a classroom because it shows the true emotions or feelings of someone. if a student in a classroom said i understand, but did not truely mean it a teacher could use this information to know that more teaching may have to be done for students to fully understand the topic being taught. another example from the text says,facial expressions for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling as broadly. this quote from the text explains that there are many different ways to express emotion and because of this it may be harder for everyone to fully understand how someone feels based on facial expression. that is why this technology could be valuable so that everyone is fully understood and proper treatment can be given to complement emotions. things should change in a classroom when students feel unconnected to what is going on, but it is not easy for everyone to know just when students may feel out of place. a quote from the text says,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. here in the text the article talks about the technology being able to tell when a student is bored and confused, and then being able to modify a lesson effectively. with this technology students would gain a full understanding of a topic without needing to ask because of facial expressions. this would be very effective in a classroom as it makes sure that everyone gets to learn the way that they need to. the text also says,most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr huang. so computers need to understand that, too. this quote explains that not all communication is verbal and most is actually nonverbal. this means that listening may not always be enough and it is important to see and feel how others feel proving why this technology can help a classroom. by reading faces the technology can help convey ones feelings to another to help gain a full understanding. by understanding how someone else feels it makes it easier to understand them. the article says,empathy feeling someone elses emotional state may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions. this quote talks about empathy and how it is important in knowing how to treat people. using this in a classroom could helpl classmates and teachers get along better. the use of facial recognition technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because knowing the emotions of students can help others in the classroom to react to that emotion appropriately depending on what the program identifies. this helps people in a classroom to communicate more effectively, know when something may be wrong and should change, and display empathy towards one another. it is important in a classroom to know eachothers feelings and can be valuable.