i think that it is a neat idea to have driverless cars but only if all of the things that could go wrong have been evaluated. i can also tell you that they will never work out everything that could go wrong no matter how much they think they have. what if there is a malfunction and the car swerves and drives off of a cliff. that wouldnt be the drivers fault it would be caused by faulty technology. there would have been nothing that the driver of the vehicle could have done to prevent that from happening. what happens if one of these cars runs into another car because the technology stopped working. as stated in the passage would it be the drivers fault or the manufacturer. you have to keep all of these things that could go wrong in mind you cant just think about the upsides of these smart cars. it would be neat to have a car drive for you ill admit that and that is amazing that were working on something that can do that and that we have became that technologically developed. there is just many things that need to be taken into consideration. there are so many ways someone could get hurt in something like this smart car. i think it would just be safer to not have these type of cars out and about on the street. what if they malfunctioned and ran a pedestrian over and neither the person in the car or the pedestrian walking would have seen it coming. there are already so many people being killed by drunk drivers now a days. i think achieving the development of this kind of technology would just make the death rate go up and this world doesnt need that happening it is already heart breaking how many people die in a day already. people should not have to dread walking around if they do not have a vehicle just because they fear of this technology hitting them. they would have to take the necessary precautions in order to have this kind of technology on the streets. i dont think that the developers think of all the dangerous things that could happen by having these cars. they all just think of how cool it would be to drive a smart car. well i can tell you that i think that to many people die from drunk drivers or people that arent paying attention to where they are going when they are driving around. yeah were still going to have people die from these things. we dont however need there to be more people dying because of faulty technology. they can think that they have worked every kink out in their technology but, i can assure you that they havent. there is always going to be a risk of something happening with this kind of technology. its not just safe because the manufacturers say that its safe that is just not how it works. all im saying is that we should be more concerned with what could go wrong than what is cool. i would rather be safe walking on a sidewalk then not wanting to leave because im scared of dying. i think that we just need to stop being lazy its just steering a steering wheel its not rocket science.