in my opinion, the electoral college is not an appropriate respresentation of the peoples opinions. it is true that the popular vote determines the representative, but that does not mean that all citizens views are expressed. many citizens have stopped voting because of the ignorance that is the electoral college. one should not vote for someone they do not know to represent their lives in the federal government. the electoral college might be the easiest way to contract a solid vote from american citizens, but laziness is definitely not efficient. if we want our country running smoothly and in a way that every citizen is comfortable with, everyone needs to be represented. many citizens will start voting when they hear that they wont be pummelled with propaganda about politicians who think they know about what the people want. they will be elated to hear that they will actually be heard. they will actually make a difference in their country. the common people must be represented, not just advertisements. the conflict between upper and lower class will end because both will be able to make a difference in the minimum wages and tax increases. changing the election process to the popular vote would not only represent all people, but cut out the extremes. all politicians must say whether they are a democrat or a republican. with popular vote, we can go in depth to what the people really want. like how gun restraints only go to an extent, so should the poeples views. most citizens arent completely republican or completely democratic, and thats alright. there are the conditions in between that need to be addressed. coming from a centrally liberal family, i think that all elections through the electoral college are hoaxes. the representatives of the college and even the president are picked a long time beforehand. the government wants to brainwash the citizens to slowly turn us onto their side. even if the government rigs the votes but says that the result is completely dependant on the people, it will still belate citizens and get them to participate more in the voting process.