what do you think the face on mars is? a natural landform or made by aliens? most people think the so called face on mars is formed by aliens. i believe otherwise because, landforms on earth are like that and these assumptions are made by conspircy theorist not by nasa officals. now here are my reasons. the face on mars is made by natural landforms and not by aliens. one thing of evience by a picture by mars global surveyor, in paragraph  it says ...anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on the jpl web site, revealing...a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all thats a big piece of evidence that its not made by aliens. also, my second piece of evience that supports that the face on mars is not made by aliens in paragraph  is what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the amerian west. it reminds me most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. thats my first reason i believe that the face on mars is landform made. the fact that conspriacy theorist make the assumption of the face on mars is made by aliens. you have to understand that those remakes are not all true they are just theories which is just provided by evience but, not always right. in paragraph  it says some people think the face is bona fide evidence of like on marsevidencd that nasa woud rather hide, say conspiracy theroists. meanwhile defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. that evidence was never what nasa said thats conpiracy theorist said and its not true. so, mark these words and think about your decision, i think you should change youre mind about the alien theory to a natural landform with this information. the unmasking the face on mars from the evidence is that its a landfrom instead of aliens making these faces on mars. dont always go by what the internet or media says, go by what real experts say. maybe, you people that think that its made by aliens i hope my reasonings and evidence is strong enough to change youre mind. now what do you think of my evidence did it change your mind?