the authors claim of studying venus is a worthy pursuit because venus is closely related to earth, venus has a enviroment that is similar to earth, and scientists want to explore more of what venus has to offer. the first claim of why the author supports scientists studying venus is that venus is closely related to earth. in the passage, it states, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. earth, venus, and mars our other planetary neighbors orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. because venus is sometimes right around the corner, in space terms, humans have sent numerous to land on this cloud draped world. each precious mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us paragraph . this supports the authors claim because the author believes that scientists should study venus because venus is closely related to earth. the second claim of why the author supports scientists studying venus is that venus has a similar enviroment to earth. in the passage, it states, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface paragraph . this supports the authors claim because there are many physical and enviromental dangers that are present on venus. despite all of venuss dangers, scientists still want to explore venus in depth. the third claim of why the author supports scientists studying venus is that the author supports the further exploration of venus by scientists. in the passage it states, if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing futher visits to its surface? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option to visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. the value of returning to venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive?. nasa has one particulary conpelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vechile hovering over venus would aviod the unfrendily ground conditions by staying up and out of thier way. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperature would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy, conditions, but survivable for humans. paragraph  and . this supports the authors claim because scientists want to know more about venuss planatery history and similarities to earth.this statement also supports the authors claim because the scientists wants to try and send humans to venus. therefore, the authors claim supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by venus being closely related to earth, venus has a similar enviorment to earth, and the author encouriging further explorations to venus.