how would i feel about being able to detect somone elses feelings? i honestly believe that it would be helpful to understand someone and what they are going through at that specific time. my first thought on this opinion is that it must of took a while to actually build this and to think of the idea as to what you could use to figure it all out. when dr. paul eckman built this he must of had to be thinking about other people and the concept of wanting to help others. in pargraph four it proclaims by weighing hte differnt units, the software can identitfy mixed emotions. dr. eckman was on the right track building this because any human being can feel up to  emotions at once and he knew just that so he figured he would build it be able to detect not just one but mulitple. in pargraph  it says for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial triat that conveys it. by the arthour of this article i feel like he knows the cainf anf genorosity of being there and helping a friend. this being made is awesome because i dont know about you but most of the times im down or angery i dont like to tell people why or event talk about it being i will get even more upset no matter the size of the issue. the facs is just the answer for helping a friend in need when you know they need the comfort but dont want to say anything. there is so many good things about this new software that only genius could of thought of. a drama coach once made his kids practice making happy and sad faces due to actually feeling the emotions before they went on to a play. placed before me in paragraph  empathy may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions. did you know that actually listeing to you friends or parents when they say put on a happy face it may help. study shows that this actually can make you happy and being happy is more of what we need in this world. i highly agree with this article and give it a  considering it is a very kind think to do and not to mention a brillant idea. all the emotions it can detect right down to the percent in unbelieveable. it can take us far ways and may even make the world a better place. being happy is the number onekey to a great life and everyone deserves that.