i belive that the development of driverless cars should be continued because they help those who are unaware of whats happening by giving them warnings and automatically stoping on their own. driverless cars would be agreat thing for us and even though you have to manually on your own, back in and out of the parking lot or deal with traffic issues, thats still just a small simple task. lately google has a modified a car named the toyota prius. this car has positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video mounted camera near the rearview mirror, four automative radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an internal motion sensor. the most important thing about this car, is that it has a dubbed lidar, which uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. these appliances to a car are very helpful for the driver. it allows them to see whats behind them, sensors that lets the car no when something is coming, and it checks the cars surroundings. technology has been producing more and more ways for us to have driverless cars. so far, cars arent completly driverless yet, but they can steer, accelerate, and brake all by themselves. they are all designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. so, humans still have to be alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires them. gm has developed driver seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. maufactors are considering adding cameras to watch that drivers are focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver, there are still laws that human driver must be in control at all times. if there are to be an continuation of driverless cars, they will have to make new laws so that they can cover liability. so driverless cars are still continuing on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. many car companies are planning new things for ther future, like tesla has a projected in  they will release a car capable of driving on autopilot  of the time, and mercedes benz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that drive themselves by . so, the road to truly driverless cars continues on, and we grow closer and closer to our goal every day for the new age of cars.