living in a world of unusual habits and features would be overbearing and apprehensive for individuals. all people have a structure for their own living while following their beliefs or customs. human beings have evolved from a variety of settings which has enabled them to create enternal memories or daily habits of their own kind. individuals studying another environment such as venus will bring different and numerous facets to their life. people practicing the components of the planet venus is a worthy pursuit because of the planets features, the knowledgement that scientists will discover, and the producement of devices. to begin, earth is a contrasting planet that isnt identical to any other aspect in space. however, the planet earth and venus have obtained similar qualites that would result into a much bigger asssumption. centries ago venus had acquired oceans that covered the planet just as earth. according to the passage,  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. life forms being a possibilty on venus protrays that any kind of living such as humans or animals can be capable of surviving on this planet. even though life has the ability to live on venus, the only obstacle involved with this theory are the animals and human beings adapting to a new way of living. moreover, people and animals getting use to their new structure of life on venus will be able to use the qualities that the planet performs as of today. the passage states, today, veuns still has a some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar featres such as valleys, mountains, and craters. venus having the same facets as earth represents that life on this planet will destruct and kind of livng. at last, the studying and the consideration of life on venus will be an enormous movement for the nation. in conclusion, people practicing the components of venus is a worthy pursuit because of the planets features, the knowlegement, and the creation of devices.