technology has been vastly improving these past couple of years. with all these new technological improvements it can also play a major factor in classrooms. all teenagers these days are very techfriendly. therefore it would only make sense that we should incorporate some of these technological adavances into the classroom so students could be more engaged during class. it would greatly improve many homework scores, quiz scores, and even test scores thus overall having many improvements to their grades in all. the new software  facial action coding system has been a huge technological improvement to this time. in the passage it states  using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotion. this can show how in a classroom if students are being active during a lesson and participating. or if they are dozing off somewhere else with the help of this technology then the computer can change its algorithms to change how the lesson is being taught therefore making the student pay attention during class. in a classroom filled with some kids that just cant focus andor do not understand then this technology can come into great use. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, the passage states. this technology could help students that have trouble with some classes or just are not paying attention whatsoever, in the passages it also states, then it can modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. with this technology it can highly improve on keeping the students attention at all times, this can help the students with making sure they know whats going on during class at all times instead of zoning out then missing something very cruical and overall messing alot of things up but instead keeping them highly engaged at all times. in conclusion the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is greatly valuable. the use of this technological advancement would greatly improve students comprehension of some classes in school that they mightve not understood before. it would be more personalized to that specific person, the more confused you look the more different ways it would look to make sure you understand the concept. thus making the student very proactive and improving their overall grade.