the face on mars there is a great population of people who believe aliens exist and cause strange things to happen and space crafts to appear. many people know that it is just science fiction and that there is no evidence showing that aliens actually exist. this has been going on for decades and the believers need to face the truth. they can belive as long as they want, but there is no evidence. the face on mars was not created by aliens, but is a natural landform. meteors and other space rocks strike the planets, and even the moon. those can be a possible cause of the face on mars. with astronauts exploring mars to see if it is capable of supporting life, the face could be caused by the humans collecting large amounts of the planet and walking all over it. aliens are nothing but a fictional character in the many hollywood movies. as humans with the sense of sight, we are used to seeing faces on a daily basis. we look at clouds and depict them as something we have seen before. or a tree that looks like a face was made out of its bark. it is understandable that you could see a face on mars because that is human imagination. the face is just a natural effect of what caused it to happen. sure, we might not know about everything that goes on in space, but we do know that many people are interested in the fact that mars may be able to suport life. scientist are doing everything they can to know more than enough about mars. they have rovers and cameras to look at mars from earth and be able to study it without traveling all the way there. there are many photos and videos of mars and what you might see there, but no aliens were found. their equipment is high quality and no blurs or scratches could be seen as something its not. for those who support the belief that aliens roam mars, they can invest on the discovery, but find it wasteful. the face is just a landform and you would need evidence to support your alien claim. there are many photos that were taken over time of the face and the differences could be because of erosion or asteroids. many things go on in space, but alien activity isnt one of them.