do you think that the face on mars is not a real face but just a natural landform? well, we think it is just a naural landform because when the first image appeared on jpl web site, it rereal that its just a natural landform. also, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground you would be able to see what they were. in addition, what the picture actually shows is a landform common around the american west. first of all, on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. thousands of anxious web surefers were waiting when the image first appeared on jpl web site, revealing that its just a natural landform. next, as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, garvin added. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks you could see what they were! on the other hand, some people might say that the mars orbiter camera team didnt take the photo cleary than the original viking photos or they could think that the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars but, on april , , malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. said garvin. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. last, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa which is a landforms common aroung the american west. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. in conclusion, we think that the face on mars is not a real face but just a natural landform because we think it is just a naural landform because when the first image appeared on jpl web site, revealing a natural landform. also, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground you would be able to see what they were. in addition, what the picture actually shows is a landform common around the american west. there were no alien monument after all. that is why we think that the face on mars is just a nartural landform.