facial action coding system allows computers around humans to read their emotion based by the look on their face. dr. huang tells that this device can tell your emotion because of the muscles in your face and how they are either tightened or relaxed. facs should be used on students so teachers can help them talk it out, help them understand the material that is being teached and help them learn the emotion of people around them. using facs on students should be allowed. if using facs in a classroom full of teenagers, a teacher will just see a room filled with hormonal teens. they will just ignore it and think they are just moody. or a teacher could see how upset a student is and ask if they are okay. this computer could become useful in helping students when they are upset or angry. if could allow the teacher to talk to them and check up on them every once in a while. facs can detect the six basic emotions such as surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. the computer will detect these emotions through the movement of the muscles. teachers can use facs to help students understand the subject more clearly. learning and understanding school is very important to young students, they need the knowledge to go and be successful in the future. teachers want to know if a student is getting confused while listening to a lecture. it is important for teachers to know how to help their students. this computer will help out with the use of studying and scaning how their facial muscles are being moved or how their eyebrows are being lifted. knowing how someone around another could help out a lot. if this facs could really detect human emotions just from the expression on the face and movement of the muscles then it could help a human understand how the person next to them is feeling. zygomatic major are the muscles that begin in your cheek bones, they life the corners of your mouth. that muscle can determined if someone is giving a forced smile or genuine smile. this could help a person know when another is upset and needs space or if another is in need of comforting. it could also help to see if someone is angry and needs time to cool down. facs is able to help people talk out the emotion they are feeling, help them understand material that is being taught to them and help them learn the emotion of people around them. facs will be able to conclude a feeling of a person and will possibly be able to help someone. knowing how someone is feeling is very important because then people will know how to appoarch them and how to talk to them. facs would be very successful in helping others out and it could be used to know a person feels.