i think that the new technology, facs which stands for facial action coding system is valuable. because knowing how others are feeling can help develop stronger relationships and bonds with friends and family. and can also help a person console another person if they are feeling sad, lonely, and angry, even if the other person doesnt show their true emotions feelings. and the technology facs can recognize different human emotions such as sadness or happiness even if the persons face doesnt have any emotion or expressions on it. and we could also learn more on how our emotions change from time to time and why they change. and could help develop better ways for humans and computers to communicate. and it would help people that have trouble describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, and other emotions like that. and it may help with teaching students. like, say if a person is bored they probably wont learn as much as someone who isnt bored. or that if someone is confused they dont really learn anything and it doesnt really help them focus either. but someone who isnt confused or isnt bored will likely learn better than those who are confused or bored. if it is something that the student likes or is intersted it they will likely listen and probably wont be confused nor bored. but if it is something that they dont really like or it isnt interesting to them then they may not pay attention to it and may get bored andor get confused. and may help people learn and grow well. and also if the person learning doesnt really like the lesson or is not interested or is bored or confused then the computer can change the lesson to something that the student will probably like and not be bored or confused with anything on or in the lesson. or the computer can suggest something else or another lesson for the student to do to see if they do better in the lesson and enjoy it more and focus more. it can improve education and how well students know everything and can encourage good attitudes and positive things in the present and the future. also, it can help encourage people to talk more often and make friends and to also encourage people to help others and things like that. and maybe advise teachers in a way to make the lesson their teaching more enjoyable and helpful by playing games or letting students have a group of partners to help them and such. and may help students have better grades do better in school and maybe even do better in extra curricular activities such as sports. and help student focus on the things they need to do. and help the teachers to make lessons where it will help the students learn better and be more fun for them. may also inspire people to work harder or more and do different things and come up with new or different ideas and such. and may even motivate the person to do something that they want to do or accomplish. possibly even to pursue goals and or dreams . and technology can help us with a lot of different things like understanding how things work and other things like that.