do i believe use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuble? no because a friend can tell when your sad,sometimes the computer can be wrong,and some people look like they are angry but are actually happy. technology is not valuabe for studnets expressions in classroms because a friend would know if you are down or happy or depressed the computer cant see tears on the inside they also dont know your life. an example isa kid who is bipolar they could be happy the one second,then boom anry the next second. you mean to tell me a computer cant tell if youre angry one second then happy another second? another example could be sometimes you just dont know if that person is sad,happy,angry and sometimes the kid doesnt wangt to talk about his or her emotions. i believe this can prove that the computer doesnt know if the kid is happy or sad,but the friend will! the use of technology cant read the emotional expressions of a student in a classroom becaue the computer is not always correct about everything. an example is a game like nba k they can scan your face,but it doesnt look just like you. another big example is the computer isnt always the right answer just like the internet the answer doesnt always come out right so the computer wont get your emotional feelings right. another reason the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of the students in a classroom isnt valuable because a lid could look angry but is actually happy. an example is sometimes i look angry but tkats just my normal face,so the computer would say im angry when im really happy. another examle is a kid could have a dissorder on his or her expression so once again the internet is wrong. this proves that the computer cannot read the emotional expressions of students in class. as i stated in the text all those examples prove that my eviedence prves that using computers to express whether the use of technology reads the students emotional expressions. they cant because the computer doesnt know if the kid is happy or, mad, a friend can tell when they are mad,and sometimes the internet is wrong.