the author supports the idea that studying venus is a wothy pursuit despite the danger it present because people want to know how simillar it is to earth how the envoirment is. another resaon it is worthy to explore is that curistoy people will have to see what venus really is. another reason it is a worthy to explore venus is how many pwople have tried but failed. people belive that venus was exaclty like earth a long time ago scientist state that venus had oceans. in paragraph  it is stated that venus could even have supported forms of life just like earth. even today venus still has some features that are analogous to earth it even incudes valleys moutains. there might be more stuff that is on earth that looks like venus that we may not have seen because we could not properly explore it becuse of the distance. another reason that exploring venus is not such a bad idea is because you might learn new things on that plant that could help our plant out. plus pople will alway have curiosity to learn how venus is if it will ever be a subsitute for earth. poeple want to explore it so bad becuse it is a hard challenge but it should not be discoraged jsut because it is dangerous. another reason exploring venus might not be a bad idea is that poeple who see that it is a hard challenge and that no one has done it will be push to be the firsht one to land explore it better then from long distant exploring. a spacecraft has not landed or even came close to landing in venus in three decades meaning it is dangerous but will be good for a learning lesson and exploration.each misson was unmanned so not a single real person had the oppertunity to land there becuse of how dangrous. the author supports the idea studying venus by stating good things about what we can learn how it can help us and how hard it wil be. one reason the statement above is true becuase he states how we can learn how venus is simllar to earth. how it is difficult to land there to truly explore you have to do hard work. this represents that the author supports his idea by giving deatials about why it is worthy despite how hard or even dangrous it can be.