now a days cars and other veicles are the cause of many situations that many places in the world have to deal with. indeed they do get us to our destination faster, but at what cost? we drive faster so that the earth can die slowly. cars and veicles are to be blamned for earths killer polution. there are some up and downs to faster transportation for example, time management we get tomplaces in onethird of the time we would if we would go walking to our destination. we wouldnt be freezing when its called and sweating when its hot. the down information is that the government waste a lot of money on gas, and car prices, even on fast food resturants. the truth is we dont even need cars, we want cars we dont need cars, theres a difference of the words and there meanings. for example in the story in german suburb, life goes on without cars, studies show that  of vaubans families do not own any type of veicles, and  sold their veicle just to move there. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and a mother of two. polution...... it kills the earth and infact us aswell very slowly. each year the government has to waste thousands of dollars to keep producing greenhouses because the use of any type of veicle is monumentous. if we keep doing what we doing there wont be an earth to live on at all. cars arent the only thing to blame for polution, we also have to blmame humans, they know using a veicle too much consists on the consumption of gas which creates polution, but they still go out and drive for hours and hours just wasting there whole intire tank of gas. for example  of all cars ineurope which is half of all people with any type of car produce fuems, polution that require our government to develope greenhouses, which waste money aswell. if we spend all day driving, we let out into the atmosphere some toxic fuems that kills the earth and us aswell. then making the government waste money to make greenhouses to try to at least advance humans lives for a couple more hundreds of years. up to  of carintensive ares in america, are to blame for the development of greenhouses, stated in the article called in german suburbs, life goes on without cars.