when you turn sixteen, youre filled with anticipation and anxst of getting your liscence, and furthermore a car! i know, i have certaintly been there. but, whats so good about getting a car? well, other than the new found sense of freedom. not much. car usage has accelerated since the s and is starting to gradually decline. why? less stress, less pollution, and more excerise. these things alone may not be enough to convince you, so lets jump into the facts. first off, getting rid of that car in your driveway will greatly lower your stress. as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,. when you think about it, it truly makes sense. when you have a car you have to worry about gas prices, payments, and fixes. but, when you live a car free life none of that is of your concern. so, therefore your stress decreases and your happiness can go up to an all time high. when you have one less bill each month it truly does leave an impact. secondly, we have a big issue that is in our hands... pollution and smog. whos fault is it? ours. fumes and smoke crowding into our atmosphere with no where else to go. our cars are a huge part of it. diesel fuel was blamed in france for their smog layers. cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. we need to put a stop to this. it is destroying our planet. it will continue to destroy it until we make a change and do something to make this stop. its in our hands and we cant just let it go. the problem will not just go away. it will not just fix itself. when you are living in this day in age many people have cars, so they have no need to go out and walk, or skate, or bike anywhere because they have a more efficiant way of transportation. colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, this means that people would be getting up and active to get to work and other places that they may need to be. helping our environment and themselves. furthermore, cars are slowly but surely being forgotten, people are stopping their use of cars and taking alternative transportation. but americas love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. so, its not as big of a deal as it used to be. not everyone needs or wants to have a car anymore. if the pattern persistsand many sociologists believe it willit will have beneficial implications for the carbon emmissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind power plants. when you decide that you dont want a car, youre benefiting from it and the future is benefiting from it. taking the next step seems a bit out of reach but we can make it. in conclusion, people see cars as something that is a must have. or, a next step in their freedom. but, we can change that. show the world that it is more harmful than helpful. one small step for man, a leap for mankind. we can get there, but it takes more than one person to set down the keys. reduce your stress, reduce the pollution, and increase your happiness. all it takes is one person to start a movement.