titlebecome a seagoing cowboy of a lifetime i believe that you should join the seagoing cowboys programi believe that you need help the help the people that are not as lucky as you. my name is luke bobberger,i am seagoing cowboy,i decided to become a seagoing cowboy when my friend invited me to go with him europe. i must proclaim that i made a marvelous choosethe people i helped thought was marvelous choose too. do you join the seagoing cowboys program? why? why do we need this seagoing cowboys program? the reason why we have seagoing cowboy program is, it was ,world war ii was over in europe,and many countries were left in ruins. to help these countries recover their food supplies,animals,and more, nations joined togeether to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration. i went over seas to help other countries depart their hardships and begin a newmagnifcent lifei went over seas to help the people move out of the aftermath of the worst war the world has ever seen. come, help these people move on. join the seagoing cowboys program and help these people. where? if you become a seagoing cowboy you will be able to observe the world. i was able to observe the worldi was able to observe the greatness of the world that had endured this great catastrophe. where ever you go the people there endured horrendous things and need your help. i went across the pacific ocean and the atlantic ocean. to support my statement, luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. join the seagoing cowboy program explore the world. what? what will you do in the seagoing cowboys program? you help rebuild the countries that have destroyed the horrible conflict. you will help the countries and the people inhabiting them. to support my claim, they got their seamans papers and boarded the ss charles w.wooser,headed for greecewith a cargo of  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. i went to greece,a nation in europe, to the people and rebuild their land. join the seagoing cowboys program and help these nations. conclusion. will you join the seagoing cowboy program? the people in these nations need youthe seagoing cowboy program need you. it is not imperitve where you are or how you are helping,but it is imperitive that you are helping. help move the world out of the destruction of the war. join the seagoing program help the world.