all i am imagining is a lot of arguements and court cases on drivers getting angry with manufactures, and manufactures getting fighting back, claiming it is not their fault. if driverless cars are introduced to the rest of the world, there will me so many accidents and court cases that will be very tricky, because no one knows who is at fault. i believe that driverless cars are not reliable, at least not yet, and i know that i would not use a driverless car unless there are a lot of improvements made. sometimes machines just shut down and stop working for no apparent reason. sometimes there are problems with robotic things that no one knows why the problem is occuring. in paragraph  it explains that, they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. this shows that the cars, at least not yet can work all on there own. the driver still has to be alert and watching the road at all times, because at anytime the car could see something that it does not think it could handle, so the driver has to be ready at any time to step in and be ready to take over. then again, machines sometimes have problems that just occur for no apparent reason, so maybe the car could just shut down and might not alert the driver so then right away there is a risk of a crash. who then is at fault. in paragraph , it says, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? if this happens who is to blame? the driver was told that they would be alterted when something the car couldnt handle occurs, but if the driver isnt alerted, then it must be the manufactures fault. but wait, the manufacurers made it clear thar the driver still has to be watching, and if they were not, then again, who is to blame? there are so many questions that either cant be answered, or take a lot of time to figure the answer out. i personaly would not even think about using a driverless car until the manufactures figure out all the problems with the safty issues. it is not just the car itself that there needs to be work done on, according to paragraph , presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times...even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. there are so many laws that would have to change and be made. so even if there are improvement on the car itself there are still also so many other things that you have to consider when thinking of using a driverless car. i dont know after reading this passage, if i would ever really feel safe trusting a machine with my life and even of those around me. there are so many issues still that need to be fixed before i would consider testing one out. i need to make sure that myself and those around me would be safe if something were to go wrong with the car. driverless cars are a new and interesting idea, but they need a lot of work to be done on them before they would be safe enough to be introduced to the rest of the world.