i dont know if you know know who i am but, i am luke bomberger. i have been on a ship for many years now. you should ride a cattleboat too. a cattleboat is a boat that carries animals across sea. when i was younger i helped my aunt katie with her farm, that helped me prepare for the dangers that life holds. even though there are dangers at sea, i still like it. i am very happy while i am on this boat. it is an opportunity of a lifetime. i am grateful for the opportunity. i said back in the s. i was told by a captain to keep doing cattleboating for my service. your friends could help you become a cattleboater. my friend helped me. by participating in cattleboat, you could learn about other people and their needs. you could also learn about more cultures. you may not think this a great job in all but actually, it kind of is. you do not know what is going to come at you. its like a total suprise! you could be the driver of the boat, you could watch over the animals like me, you could do all sorts of things! well make sure you get fed. who knows maybe you could even end up being the captain of the ship. that would be cool considering you just got here. you may think this is a joke but its actually not. there are a lot of men and women on this ship with the animals. you could be one of them, and who knows, maybe youll try it and like it as much as me. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. when my friend asked me to go with him, i couldnt say no because i knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime. maybe you will have one of your friends come up to you an ask you to go to another country with them and away from your family. maybe, youll even say yes. if you do go anywhere, tell me and ill give you all the hints i know. be careful though, the sea is dangerous. there have been a few shipwrecks here and there. but not for a while. you are going to need a couple essentials blankets, pillows, extra clothes, food, water, shoes and that is pretty much all you need for this boat ride. have a good time!