what if there was a program that helped countries around the world? there is and its called the seagoing cowboys program. this program is amazing and i know because i was in it. by the time i was , i made nine trips with the seagoing cowboys program. im luke bomberger and here are reasons why you should join this program. the first reason why you should join this program is you can see lots of amazing sites. i had the benefit of seeing europe and china. i also saw the acropolis in greece, which i thought was special. in venice, italy, a city with streets of water, i got to take a gondola ride. i also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on my way to china. also, you should join because you get to take care of horses, young cows, and mules. thats how they started the seagoing cowboys so that they could take care of animals. when i went the first time, there was a cargo of  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. if you like animals, theres one more reason to join. another reason you should join is because of what happened during world war . what happened during that war was that countries were left in ruins. i went and trust me, this really changes the way you think about other countries and the world. this is my favorite reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys, the fun games during the trip. we used to always play baseball and volleyball in the empty holds where animals had been housed. we would also have tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and other games. i have to say that they were awesome and helped time pass by. the final reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys is because it can open up your world like it did to me. i used to work at a bank and a grocery store and i never expeced this to happen to me. im grateful for the opportunity because it made me more aware of other peoples lives and what they and their country need to continue thier lives. now, that awareness is still with me and i lead my family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. take it from me, being a seagoing cowboy is awesome and helps you learn about the countries around the world. you can see and do cool things and make a difference in a persons life and a countries life. you should agree with the reasons why i said to join the seagoing cowboys because i went and joined and it changed my life. thats why you need to participate in the seagoing cowboys program.