in the challenge of exploring venus, it tells the reader about the challenges that there are for exploring venus. it also talks about reasons why reseachers and scientist should not give up on the exploration of venus. in the passage, the author supports his idea that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by explaining how the trip could be made safer, the technology that can be used, and the value of exploring the planet. the author supports the idea that venus is worth exploring by explaining and giving examples on how travelling to venus could be made safer. in the article, it says at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. in other words, this proves how the trip to explore venus can be made more safer. furthermore, the author supports his idea by giving examples and explaining how the exploration of venus can be safe. another way the author supports his idea is by explaining the techonlogy that can be used to explore venus. in paragraph  of the article, it states nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this shows how this type of technology can be used for the further exploration of venus. lastly, another way that the author supports his idea is by explaining what the value would be if humans explore venus. in the last paragraph of the article, it says striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. it also states our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this proves what the value of exploring venus would be for humans. in other words, the author supports his idea by explaining the opportunities and values of exploring venus. furthermore, the author supports his idea that venus is a worthly pursuit despite the dangers by explaining the travel safety, the technology that can be used, and the value of exploring venus. the technology that humans have right now can bring so many opportunities, such as exploring new planets. these opportunities should be used now and not be on hold.