driverless cars sound like something that you could only see in a sifi movie. they are here to chang the world and trying to make it a better place. driving makes a hug impact in the human life. ever since the first car was invented, humans have had to travel in a shorter way. the transportation way is heading a new direction since techology is improving we can see the difference bewteen the first car to a car that could be able to drive by itself. having a future where no body has to drive a car by themselves sounds pretty impresive. but you also have to think about what could those types of cars can give us and make our lifes better. these new inventions have not all been successful, but the companies making them are making progress by finding new ways to make these types of cars go more then just a small traveling distance and then stop. in my point of view these cars could actually give us the chance of not having to stop for a rest when youre tired, watch movies or televison shows while your car is still running. they could save us from spending so much money on gas and some could be safe for the enviroment. companies such as google, have had cars that could be drive independently under specific conditons since . there have been cars that have drove more then just a few miles with out even causing an accident. cars that are truly driverless may help dealing with complicated traffic issues.not only are they working on smart cars but also smart roads.in order for the car to travel where you would like to go, they might develop a system where the road could have a binary code in order for the car to remember the places you travle to. the car would really have to be smarter for those types of ideas, they have worked with a lot of people to have a clear view of what the car could look and drive like. every car needs ways to protect the passengers. and so automakers find new ways to prevent accidents incase they every happen with these types of cars. automakers are continuing their work on the ways there could be a car that has all the abilities of having good safety measures and having the ability to drive on there own.