first of all i will agree with the development of driverless cars. as we all know that the technique is improving, the new technique is shows the good way of them to serve us. the driverless cars is one of these new techniques. the driverless cars will help us by a lot of different ways. for example, the driverless cars will improve the safety of cars, it can let the drivers have time to sleep in the longterm travel, it also can help old man or childern to drive. the car will be really helpful, it will be more popular than the old car than we are using now. if the technique of driverless cars improved and dont need human driver anymore. thats a good news for old people or childern. because they dont need to drive at all, the computer will fix all of the problems. in the article it talking about the driverless car is still waiting for the law. there are a few states is allowing the driverless car. that is a good start, in the future there will be more states and more counties allow the driverless car. the article also talking about the driverless cars bad way. its still not really safty yet. i know the driverless car is not safety yet. but we should give the driverless car some time to improve. i believe in the future the driverless car will be more safty than normal cars. because the normal cars are contrl by humans, humans will make mistakes. for example, in the long term drive the driver will be really sleepy or maybe the driver will take a phone call when he is in the driving. but the computer will not be tired, so it is better than the human drivers. but we should give them some time to improve the driverless car. the technique of the driverless car still imporving now. i think the technique will be progress and become welldone some day. at that time the technique have already grow up and it will be a lot save than human control cars.maybe now the driverless car are still have a lot of questions but in the future the driverless car will be more safty, more common and more confutable. so i think the driverless cars will have a great development in the future.