do you know the advantages and the disadvantages of having of not having a car? yes, actually not having a car. most people would freak out of the thought of not having a car some are just use to it. but could it actually save more money or would it cost more? vauban, germany people have actually given up their cars, they call it carfree. not everyone has given up their cars. the main thoroughfare, where the tram to downtown freiburg runs, and a few streets on one edge of the community. car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park large garages at the edge of the development, where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home source  byelizabeth rosenthal. the vaubans started getting involved and getting informed on not using a car. soon  percent of vaubans familiy does not own a car, and  percent sold a car to move to germany. some even liked the idea of not using a car when i had a care i was always tense. im much happier this way says heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two. she nows walks verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. in  vauban completed, this is an example of growign trend in europe, the united states and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, this is a movement of smart planning. the advantage is you will have more access to public transportation, a disadvantage is if you live far from public places then you might have to walk or take a bus. in paris they have enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. on monday motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine. nearly , drivers were fined, according to reuters. twenty seven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesels engines int he rest of western europe, according to reuters. the advantage of not having a car is that you wouldnt be spending money on gas, the disadvanteage is that you will be fined. delivery companies complained of lost revenue, while exceptions were made fro plugin cars, hybirds, and cars carrying three or more passengers. public transit was free of charge from friday to monday. after the smog ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. there is alot of disadvantages because would you have a work day on tuesday and you have an odd numbered plate. also soem people are not familar with the public transportation and some people may not think its the best way to get around in town. you also have to get up eary to catch the bus, train, etc. bogota,colombia in a program that sets to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or tooked buses to work during a carffree day yesterda, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. this was their third staright year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal was to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. in bogota there were occasional rain showers . some thought it was a good idea some not so much. its a good opportunity to take away stress in lower air pollution, said a businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. many countries have tried having a carfree day, and many succeeded. for the unoted states president obama ambitious goal was to curb the u.s greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortutious assit from incipient shift in american behavior. the studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. in  the united stes peaked and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis by doug short of advisor perspectives, an investment research company. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . so driving with a car or not it either good or bad because not driving could give you the excerise and driving just means you like your personal things. i think that when the government says its a fine then follow the rules. either way not having a car does has it advantages every country should have a carfree day.