your feeling ten percent annoyed, fifty percent boared, and thirty percent suprised. advancements in technology has been brought to an entire new era with facial readers. one computer can tell people how they feel about themselves just by the muscel structure and movements in their face. who would not want to know what some stranger walking down the street is feeling? i mean, i know i would. today our generation is amoung the nosiest. classrooms today need these computers to better understand their class. emotional expressions can change society by understanding children, making lives easier, and progressing technology. children have mood changes as fast as people chose fast food over vegtables. children are a hard age to understand what they are feeling, becuase they are so quick at changing the things they are doing and always moving. having a brain wired to becoming board with something one day and then wanting to do it again the nest day. that is hard for teachers to keep up with. dr. huang commented, a classroom computer could regonize when a student is becoming confused or board. but, with having a computer that classifies the six basic emotions and picks up each one takes a great stress off of teachers. teachers have a class from anywhere to ten to fourty students. having to know each one personally and be able to read what they are thinking to help further their education is a big task for underpaid teachers to do. those fourty students have all different facial structures and the facial action coding system uses video imagery to track their movements and weight the different units. teachers understanding their students better with the coding system, will help them further their education in a classroom when seeing if they are frustrated or upset. fourty students, fourty diiferent views, and fourty different emotions. that is a lot to take in. having the coding system in your classroom takes the relief off the teachers of figuring out each student. with the easy three step process anyone can read their emotions, but just by video it makes it three steps easier. with no wires and personal information to plug in. teachers have students that do not like to share their feelings, which takes a lot of time for the teacher to understand what they are feeling taking away from other students. dr. huang stated, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. saving the time of teachers and peronalizing lessons for the class creates so many benefits. not having this machine will not do damage in hurting the students, it is helping them. fifty years ago classrooms did not even have a smart board or computer labs, they had chalk boards. it is a fact some people do not like change. parents probably did not like their children learning how to use computers or new technology. but our world is advacing, and makes it that much amazing to see how simply technology is helping change classrooms for the better. dr. huang and his colleagues are developing ways for us and computers to communicate. people think that is scary and weird. the fact is, we can learn about the artwork from hundreds of years ago with the sytem. classrooms can have precise and exact answers with the system. huang used mona lisa and they figured out that she was  percent happy, and  percent disguested. can your art teacher tell you that? technology is helping further our classrooms education and learn abilites. classrooms benefit from the facial coding system. many people will be against this new change, but they have no arguement. the facial action coding system is easy, helpful, and dependable. as a teacher i would feel more comfortable with giving a lesson and teaching views ,they all understood and agreed with. lives can change by understanding childrens minds, creating hard ache free lives, and keeping up with the new technology.