the author states that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.even though its dangerous the astronomers are intreguied by the planet. nasa is working on different projects to study venus. he also states that challenging to meet venus has a value to it. but visiting venus can be dangerous too. in the article  the challange of exploring venus the author describes the planet venus as a evening star because it brights up since venus is close to the sun. astronomers are integuiered by venus because its not only close to the earth and sun, venus can be a earth lookalike because of its features.in the article it states this  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains,and carters. the author describes that venus can be like earth becuase of how both plantes have moutains and valleys. another quote from paragraph  states that  venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit.. even though there could be a long time frame of space travel. even though being able to visit venus is intresting the plan on getting over there can take up days or even weeks. the author also states that the group nasa has found ways to study the planet venus. for example using technology to study it. in paragraph  it says  electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber of venuss surface and it lasted  weeks. this sentence states that the group working on this project succeded into making a technology that lasts a long time to prove that it works. another tech they could use is an old one that contributed in world war . that computer is powerful and flexible to manage instead of using wired up compueters. sysytems that use mechanical parts can be made more resisting to heat. meaniing that this technology resists heat and scientist or astronomers can study peacefully in a safe way therefore no one is in risks. in advance to the challenges the author thinks that visiting venus is in great value. why?because since venus has been more earth alike and nasa has been investigating new ideas to study the planet it brings it to be an interesting journey to take. in paragraph  it reads that  huamn curiousity will likeky lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors the author is saying that the eager of the people to know about venus can raise to popularity. author also says  traveles shouldnt let the doubts and danger expand to meet imagination and innovation. the author doesnt want people to let the rumors or the challenges of doing something to stop them from adventuring. even though studing venus or going up to space to visit venus is adenturing, venus can also be dangerous for humans. in paragraph  it says  venus has the hottest temperature that can cause earthquakes, erupting volanoes, and bad weather. this could cause a huaman death because your headed to an envirement that has high temperature and lightning strikes. also  these conditions are far more extreme than anything huamns encounter of earth. what this sentence is refferng to is that since we are not used to extreme heat, our bodies wouldnt be able to hamdle the heat. despite the danger that venus can be there is still ways to being able to study the planet venus. as the author states that atromomers are intrguied by it and nasa has safe ways of studying venus.plus even the challenges of venus brings a good value.