the advantages of limiting car is great because it helps the environment. also you dont need a car because theres public transportation. some would disagree but i belive its good. this essay will be informing you the advantages of limiting your car usage. also how walking, bicycling, and talking public transportation is better for you and others. also how it is bad for enviroment and there will be less traffic for those people that hate traffic. the number one advantage of limiting our car usage is because cars are really bad for the enviroment. while your driving your car you dont notice how bad it is for the enviroment. the gas that comes out your car causes smog which is bad if you comsume it. ...the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. source . china for example has a big popullation so many people uses cars. the smoke that comes out makes the air so polluted its bad for your health. the second advantage is how walking and bicycling is better for you. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air popllution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicyle with his wife. source . it would give people the time to take a break from everything else and enjoy life more. people would enjoy more the outdoors too. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughtout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by board, smooth sidewwalks... source . the third advantage is it would be less traffic. traffic is very annoying especially when your trying to get somewhere quickly. by limiting your car usage theres less traffic. ...rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic... source .  colombians hiked, biked, skated or took busues to wok during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. source . limitimg your car usage it would let people get to where their going faster than waiting in traffic. in conculsion limiting your car usage will make mother nature happy, time to enjoy life, and reduce traffic jams. were so comsumed by electronics we dont enjoy the life outside. by limiting your usage it will make you enjoy the enviroment more than we enjoy it now.