there is an oppurtunity of a lifetime just waiting for you. you would get to enjoy fun, games, travel, and youd get to help people. you could change someones life. you could become a hero! this oppurtuntiy is to become one of the unrras seagoing cowboys. seagoing cowboys travel all over the world to to recover countries that were left in ruins from wars. you would travel on a ship with animals and other cowboys to help people whos life seems to be in ruins. it might just change your life, like it changed mine. if you become a seagoing cowboy you wont regret it. it was a whole lot of fun. i got to meet other cowboys and you never get bored. when i was on board ships, especially on the way back, we played games and had some pretty fun competitions. we used to play baseball and volleyball games in the empty space that used to house animals. we fenced, boxed, and held tabletennis tournaments. it was a lot of fun! you get to help people this is a big reason to join. you get to become part of an organization that helps people who need it, desperately. you could become their hero. becoming part of something like this changes your whole life. it made me selfless and aware of the world around me. that awareness has been with me through my whole life. although im no longer a seagoing cowboy, im still aware of whats happening to people around the world and how lucky i am. i let international students and exchange visitors into my house as an effort to help. you get an amazing expereince along the way. i got to take a gondola ride in venice, italy, see europe and china, tour a castle in crete, see the acropolis in greece, and even get a view at the panama canal on my way to china. i wouldnt have been able to have any of these experiences if it werent for being a seagoing cowboy. now that you know all about the seagoing cowboys program and the benefits of being part of it, go sign up! you could be a persons hero. mend the hearts of those who feel like they have nothing left. feed those who hunger with no way to recieve food. take the oppurtunity of a lifetime, and, maybe, it will change your whole life, like it changed mine.