driverless cars creating driverless cars in the world seems like a big deal today. in all reality, having driverless cars around the world can be an accident just waiting to happen. if you really think about it, teenagers would most likely be the main ones buying driverless cars. drinking while driving, texting, and falling asleep may accur when entering a driverless car. is creating a car that drives on its own really worth costing a life? drinking when driving is a huge mistake people tend to make. giving them a car that works on its own, and allows you to sit there and get more drunk is not a very bright idea. they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. if you are drunk and the car alerts you to take control you may not even respond. texting and driving happens with anyone and everyone. people are way too focused on seeing what their friend sent them instead of paying attetion to the road. alot of collisions have happend because of one driver texting and driving.  without the option of smarter roads, manufacturers turned to smarter cars but how much smarter did the cars need to be? for starters they need a whole lot of sensors. say those sensors just happend to suddenly cut off and not give any warning. how will a person know when to look up from their addictive phone? working hard days  can make a person extreamly sleepy. say you get off of work and your exhausted, and a peaceful song comes on the radio. while listening to that song you fall into a deep sleep while your car takes you back to your house. their cars have driven more than half a mile without a crash. maybe the test cars didnt have a problem with the driverless cars but what if somthing breaks in your car and it loses control? the sleepy driver is in deep sleep and could die from the driverless car manufacturing. in conclusion, having a driverless car does not make the world any safer nor better. it gives people a better chance to drink and drive, text and drive, even sleep and drive. how is making driverless cars anysafer yet better to the world? in all reality, it makes it more dangerous.