technology is becoming a bigger part of our lives. as time goes on, we develop new technology for different purposes. one such purpose is to read emotions. this technology will benefit our society in different ways, like in education. the technology to read students emotions is valuable to our schools. the first way in which this technology is vaulable to schools is by improving lessons. often times, many students of different calibers are thrust into the same classroom. while some grow bored others become confused by the content of the lesson. in the article, dr. huang is quoted saying, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, and then then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. if we implemented this emotion recognition technology, we could help students of all levels grow and reach their potential. another reason why technology that can recognize emotions is vaulable in schools is because of fighting and bullying. in paragraphs three and four of the article, it discusses how the technology works and what it can do. it claims that it can dectect mixed emotions and even, in paragraph , detect fake smiling. this technology could be used to detect when students are angry and wanting to fight or even sad from being bullied. teachers cannot always detect these things from students, especially if they are trying to hide them. in addition to stopping fights and helping bullied students, this emotion recognition technology could assist in identifying students who have problematic home lives and need help. although this would not always be  accurate, it could help faculty see those students who might be depressed or angry, and need help. this would aid in making schools a happier place. it could also negate problems that they could have later in life. installing this technology in our schools would be highly beneficial. schools need the technology to read students emotions. it would fit in with other technological advancements that have improved our education system. advances in technology helped to improve not just our education, but our overall lives. numerous people in our world cannot live without technology. technology is important to our society.