the electoral college should be abolished. this form of voting is unfair to the candidates. the people that vote for the candidates they only vote for a chance that their candidate may have enough people that voted for him or her in that state to recieve a slate of preselected electors. there is also a very likely chance that the voting may end in a tie and the election will preceed to the house of representatives where the state delegations would vote for a president. the electoral college is a verey unfair way of voting to the candidates because if the majority of u.s. citizens vote for an opposing candidate that candidate would have the chance to lose the election if the states favor the current president or other candidates. in the article the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong by bradford plumer states that under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. on the other hand a fovored president has a higher chance of winning the election just by the vote of the electoral college. when a state has election day the people who vote, vote not for the president but a slate of electors. when the state counts the votes, it then decides which party gets the slate of electors based on the majority of the votes and the elctors cast votes for their candidates. in the article in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner it states that in s election, for example, obama recieved . percent of the electoral vote compared to only . percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney. if ther ewas no electoral college the election would only rely on popular votes and in turn make the process of choosing a president easier and more simple. this process would also recieve distaste as does the electoral college. as said by many the electoral college should be abolished. the process is very complex and unfair. why only dpend on a majority of state chosen elector when the citezens could be the electors. the only way to get a fair vote is without the electoral college.