driverless cars might not be just a myth or a fantasy anymore. google has had cars that can drive independantly since . though they have gone more than half a million miles without a crash, there are cons to these typs of cars. they arnt entirely driverless yet. these cars still need help getting through places like work zones and accidents. these cars are expensive and still need human help, but they do come with a special safety feature that normal cars dont have. driverless cars can be helpful, but they are still expensive. the roads would more than likely have to be updated. general motors and engineers from berkeley have both tried different ways to improve the roads. this included roads embedded with electrical cables or magnets, sending signals to the car. these methods proved to be unreasonably expensive. engineers then looked at making smarter cars. to make them smart enough to drive safely without the help of people and smart roads they would need many sensors. they would need at least nine different sensors. putting that many sensors on enough cars for everyone to drive would be very costly. people could also benefit from these cars if they truly were driverless. these so called driverless cars cant do many things a person can do while driving. for instance, these cars cant pull in or out of driveways. they also cant make it through roadwork or accidents. currently, the fastest that driverless cars can handle is  miles per hour. this would definitly not be safe on a highway or interstate. these cars are ment to take people where they need to go, but the driver must remain focus if they need to take the wheel. there are pros to cars like these though. there has to be something to keep the driver interested while waiting for their turn to drive, so some manufacturers hope to bring incar entertainment. if there is something that keeps the driver entertained, there has to be something to get them alert again. these entertainment features can be turned off when needed, pulling the drivers attention back to the road. these safety percautions arnt currently in cars for texting and driving. though these cars do come with a safety feature, they are still expensive and cant fully drive alone. i do believe the world can benefit from these cars, but i see to many red flags for them to be reasonable at this time.