would you keep your vehicle at home for a day and walk to work? well in bogota there is a carfree day, people all over the town partcipate in this event. according to the article, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yestraday. on this day only buses and taxis are permitted to rome the streets for the day. the reason behind having a carfree day is because cars cause smog, which can cause congestion in the city. in paris, diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france. diesel is favored over gasoine because of a tax policy, because of diesel france was polluted with smog. since france took away the use of cars for evn numbered license plate owners for the day delivery companies complained of lost revenue, but if you had a plugin car, hybrid, or cars carrying three or more passengers had exceptions. on the next day, odd numbered lisence plate owners were followed to keep their car at home but instead the smog had cleared enough on that monday for the ruling french to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates. in german suburb, life goes on without cars article they talked about the people walking or bicycling to work or places they wanted to go. many people might have decided to not take a car to go places because there was limited parking, which only consists of two parking garages. now,  percent of families dont own cars in vauban, which is shocking because they all either walk or take a bicycle ride. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe. the united states of america is now responding to these other countries and their way to reduce car usage. obama ambitious gaols to curb the united states greenhouse gas problem might be paying off. the article the end of car culture states americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. if americans are buying less vehicles than thats a way to a good start for lowering greenhouse gases. in conclusion, limiting car usage can have many advantages. since caar usage causes greenhouse gases and smog, limiting by a little or alot will always help to reduce the amounts of these gases in the air that we humans breath. people in differnt countries like france, germany, and bogota are coming up with many unique ways to help reduce the car usage. limiting the car usage helps with the gas expensives, and helps with finding other ways for transportation.