the planet venus may be one of our most valuable assets to understand our planet, but venus has some dangers we cannot ignore. in the challenge of exploring venus the author does a good job of suggesting that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite its dangers by explaining the value of exploring venus, the dangers, and how the dangers may be overcome. venus is very similar to earth, sharing approximate densities and sizes. the planet also shares geographical features with earth, such as rocky sediment, craters, and mountains. it is possible that hundreds of years ago venus really might have been the twin planet to earth. astronomers have reason to beleive that venus was home to oceans and various life forms. if we learn more about this planet, we could find the key to unlock the knowledge of how our home planet works. this supports the authors claim that we must study venus further by providing reasons knowledge of venus would directly affect everyday life on earth. the author also uses the possible dangers of exploring venus to explain why we must pursue venus, through all the challenges. venus has a heavy atmosphere of mostly carbon dioxide, making it impossible for humans to breathe freely on the planet. the pressure on venus is so great that a person would be crushed, not to mention the extreme temperatures over eight hundred degrees fahrenheit. it would be impossible for an astronaut to explore on the planets surface without proper technology. adding to the already intense conditions, venus has volcanoes, eartquakes, and frequent lightning, which present their own problems. the dangers help prove the authors point that even though dangerous, we must explore venus. the author describes possible solutions created by nasa to show that it will be possible to explore venus, even with the dangers. nasa has proposed an idea of humans studying venus from a vehicle hovering the planet, but this would not be optimal because the exploration would be very limited. viewing venus from thirty feet above would be better than no exploration at all and would create livable conditions, so it is a relatively safe option for gathering knowledge on the planet. another idea is using mechanical computers on venus. the computers can make calculations, without electronics. these computers are also more likely to withstand the extreme conditions of venus, unlike modern computers. no plan can be one hundred percent safe, especially in a danger zone like venus, but the benefits outweigh the risks. the author does a proficient job of portraying this in the article. in the challenge of exploring venus the author presents the idea that venus should be studyed intently, despite the risks. the author does a good job of explaining this by telling how we could benefit from knowledge of venus, telling the dangers, and solutions to overcome the dangers of venus.