driverless cars are about to be the future. google cofounder, sergey brin, has a dreams of a future with public transportation system where driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. in my opinion, driverless cars are going to be brilliant. i believe just like sergey that driverless cars can change the world. and google is making sure it is all safe. the cars that sergey imagines would use half the fuel of todays taxis. that is absolutly great way to save money on gas. the driverless cars would offer way more flexibility than any bus. google has already had cars that could drive independently since . those cars have passed many tests for saftey. the cars have also driven more than half a million miles without crashing. googles cars still alert the driver to take over when pulling in or out of a driveway, and dealing with complicated traffic. for example passing an accident or going through roadwork. to improve these smart cars they needed a whole lot of senors. the car google modified was a toyota prius. google put postionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. the most important piece google put on the car was the spinning sensor on the roof. the spinning sensor on the roof uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surrondings. all these senors google is using is necessary for the driverless car to mimic a human and the wheel. sensors were invented in the s. sensors have improved so much they can detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. sensors can get information too cause the car to apply braked on individual wheels. sensors can also reduce the power from the engine, which is far more that was a human can do from the wheel. even with all the things sensors can do they still will keep improving. in , bmw developed the traffic jam assistant. the car will be able to handle speeds up tp  mile per hour, but the senors from traffic jam assistant will make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. the car can steer, brake, and accelerate themselves. but are designed to notify the drive when the road ahead requires human skills. for example going through a work zone or arounf accidents. the human must stay alert and be ready to take over when needed. gm has also developed the driver seat to viberate when they are in danger. other options they have is flashing lights on the windsheild. manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch the drivers remaining focused on the road. google is making sure all the driverless cars will be on the safe side. i believe driverless cars will change the world. in my opinion driverless cars need to be created for the future. if all the tests goes right there should be no problem. sergey brin has a dream for public transportation to be better. driverless cars are about to be the future.