we are very close to venus and mars, and at some points we are closer to venus than mars and vise versa. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the national aeronautics and space administration has an idea that they want to send humans to venus to study this planet, but there is a lot of dangers involved if they do that. the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by giving all the reason why humans should go, bad things that could happen if humans landed on venus, and things they can do to make this idea work. nasa already beleives that there could be life on mars and that people could be living on mars in a couple decades or even less, so why wouldnt they want to find that out about another planet. it has already been suggested that there once was life on venus. in paragrpah  it states today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. nasa thinks that being on the land we would be able to study it better because they dont think peering at venus from a ship orbiting is doing enough. it is also giving them challenges that they can work on the equipment to make it last longer. in article the challenge of exploring venus, it does state the bad outcomes if we landed on venus and what could go wrong. in paragraph  it talks about the conditions on venus for example, on the planets surface, temperaturess average over  degrees fahrenhit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. it also states that the condition on venus are more extreme than anything humans have encountered on earth. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in or solar system. these things are very dangerous, but despite the dangers this article is still able to support the idea that venus is a worthy pursuit. in paragraph  they focus on things they would have to do to avoid the dangerous conditions, for example one thing is allowing scientist to float above the fray. floating over the fray of venus would be just like our jet airplanes. the conditions in venus are not easy, but they would be survivable for humas. the only way to study venus well is by being on the planet because looking at venus far away can only provide limited insight on ground conditions. scientist want to be able to take samples from the ground and from the rocks on venus. the dangers of going to venus should not stop us. it is worth it to face some of the dangers to make history and discover new things especially on another planet. the dangers of venus will only push scientist harder to find a way to make it to venus. it will also push them to design new technology that could stand being in venuss conditions. there is many evidence to prove that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.