do you want to be limited on when you can use your car? no, i didnt think so and neither do i so i dont agree to this. but residents of the upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before, they have given up there cars. its crazy strret parking , dirveways amd home garages are forbidden on the outskirts of freiburg, near french and swiss borders. they say that they are much happier without a car but they really cant be they cant go on family trips or get abunch of groceries at the store without having to carry all of them its dumb why would you want to be doing that it actaully puts more stress on you then anything else so they can get over thereselves and get a freaking car cause you know they aint happy they are just lieing. they want to call it smart planning but its really not even close to ebing smart i think its the stupidest thing ive ever heard not having a car gives you less stress what if you wake up late for work one morning your going to have to walk what if its raining outside your going to get wet what if its cold outisde or ebtter yet snowing thats going to suyck because you dont have a heater you have to walk and then your going to be stressed yeah you dont have to worry about it breaking down or gas money and stuff but still its just not right to tell people its less stress. everything has been developed to the cars the way around, so why change it now we already took down trees moved everything and are already used to all the cars and everything why change whats not broke? yah i get that we are polluting everything and anything but weve already ruined everything why stop now. like come on. they blame it all on deisel fuel when it really isnt the problem the problem is all the manufacturing and crap that they are doing in all of these factories and stuff. also they state again how its a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution we have already polluted it give me a break im so tired of this boohoo crap. president obama is an idiot hes trying to fix whats been broken and he cant fix the pollution what he can fix is all these lunch rukles because there is no reason why i cant eat candy at school get gatorades get chips his wife can be healthy all she wants but that doesnt need to include us. recent study shows that less americans are buying cras and you know why because all amerucans pretty much have a car or are broke or homeless. with all these changes people who stopped car commuting as a result of recession may find less reason to resume habit. then they are wanting to try to change the age again but i dont think that there are any advantages to limiting our car use ability.