driverless cars are not a good idea for the future. they will create safety problems, cause more people to become obese, and cause more problems between the manufactuer and the customer. driverless cars will create a lot of safety problems. drivers will think it is okay to sit back and relax on a road trip. if they were to fall asleep and there were to be a bad accident, the driver could have a possibility of sooner death. the driver would be more alert without a special car to drive for him. in the article it said that some manufactuers of the driverless car wanted to put entertainment in the cars. the driver will be too distracted. putting entertainment in front of the driver is basically the same thing as putting a phone in front of them, which is illegal, and killed many people in car accidents. needless to say, there can be many safety problems. driverless cars will cause many to become obese. some people are already too lazy to walk a block down the street so they choose to drive. if driverless cars were to start selling, can you imagine how much more lazy people would get? they wouldnt have to do such a simple task such as turnihng the wheel, or turning there turning signals on. people will start bringing more and more food in the car if there happens to be entertainment. people need to excercise even if it is just a walk down the block. obesity is not what people want. imagine getting in an accident in a driverless car. many people will not take the blame because in all honesty, it wasnt their fault. they werent the ones driving the car, so how it could it have been their fault? customers will want their money back from buying the amazing driverless car they bought. manufactuers will only be making more trouble for themselves. this will only result in more conflict. this will create worldwide problems. as a result these futuristic cars are just not a good idea. it will only end in conflict. i think that people should stick to the regular cars they have. there is nothing wrong with cars we have in todays society.