venus is the planet of our solar system. occasionally venus is the closest planet to earth in term of size as well as distance. venus, also known as evening star, is a second planet from our sun that makes it more brighter and warmer. venus is covered with a large blanket of carbon dioxide. the temperature on the venus is approximately  degrees fahrenhite, and also has the atmospheric pressure  time greater than on earth, this circumstances make the human life quite impposible on venus. venusian geology has impediments like volcano eruption and earthquickes. do you ever feel how interesting it would be to visit places that are out of this world? or, do you ever thought, what if we get the chance to visit different planets like venus or mars? well, we are no longer away from the time when we will visit different planets for our vacation trips. although our neighboring planets are inhospitable of human life, however  astronomers are fascinated about venus because it may once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago vinus was covered with oceans and could have supported various froms of life. even today, venus have some features that are analogous to those on the earth. humans have sent plethora number of spacecrafts to venus but didnt get success. nasa has a compelling idea for sending humans to the study venus. nasas possible solution to hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray, as the temperature would be around  degrees farhrenheit above that land, it will make easier for humans to research on venus. to get samples of rock or gas, scientists has to conduct a mission to understand venus would need to get up close and persional despite the risks. nasa has discovered that electronic devices made of silicon carbide can last for three weeks on venus as they will not melt easily. nasa and many other organizations are working hard to make it possible for human to visit other planets. as we know, how many different condition are becoming hindurance for humans to visit venus, but we are no longer away from the time when human will visit other planets and will research about that planet. recently scientists has discovered that their is a life possible on mars. many organizations like nasa and spacex are working hard to send humans to mars. similarly we will find the way to land on venus and know more about it. our travels beyond the earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination.