over the years the amount of cars that have been manufactured have increased immensly. cars help us get to place quicker by making less effort to get there. we no longer need to walk to go to the park or the mall which can take a long time. although cars are very useful and fun to drive, it also has its risk like anything else on earth. which is why i think limiting car usage would be a great idea. most cars use gasoline or diesel as there fuel to get them going. this causes problems because the fuel that is burned pollutes the atmosphere and creates smog. paris had this problem before. in the article paris bans driving due to smog, robert duffer says that paris had days of nearrecord pollution and they attempted to reduce it by applying a euro fine . as a result congestion in paris was down  percent and the smog, as stated in the article, cleared enough for the french party to rescind the ban of oddnumbered plates getting rid of the smog and having less air pollution would help not only the environment but i can also help us breathe oxygen easier. limiting car usage can help us decrease pollution and increase breathable oxygen. limiting car usage can benfit us in many ways. it can reduce air pollution which not only helps us breathe better but it also helps the environment. it can also relieve stress. everyone that drives a car knows how stressful it can be sometimes. any traffic jam can turn a regular day to a stressful day. hearing someone honking their horn, yelling come on! move already! and adding some unnecesary profanity can be very irritating. in the article carfree day is spinning into big hit in bogota andrew selsky says that for the third straight year the city of bogota have a carfree day called day without cars. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog states the article. a lot of people actually participated in this event even thought it rained that day. the mayor of bogota antanas mockus said that even though it is raining it hasnt stopped people from participating. it was a great idea to have a day like this to relax and not be stuck in traffic which is one reason why one businessman was happy. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution said carlos arturo plaza. its a great event that should spread to the world. it will be very helpful to us and the environment. in conclusion, limiting car usage is very beneficial. it can relieve stress and reduce air pollution. it can also reduce car accidents which can decrease the number of deaths that occur in a car accident. if youre on a budget, limiting the the amount of time you use your car can help you save gas money. it can also help you excercise a little. since you arent using a car you have to use a different form of transportation like walking or riding a bike. these are just a few advantages that limiting car usage have. limit your car usage, it can help you and the environment.