the facial action coding system being applied for a student in the classroom can lead to many benefits and improvements in the classroom. this system could be applied in way that help develop the learning and how to teach the student to be more interactive in the classroom. ways that this coding system can be used to improve students in a classroom in that the system can determine whether or not a student is interactive in the class, if a student is cheating or lying, or whether things outside of school are affectingbothering the student. one way that this facial action coding system can benefit the teacher and student is whether or not the student is interactive in the class. if the facial action coding system were to take pictures of the student throughout the class and see what kind of emotions students are experiencing throughout the class, this could actually help the teacher. for example, if the student shows expressions of happiness throughout the class, then the teacher should continue her approach of learning, because happier student tend to be more interactive in the class. if the facial action coding system were to analyze students feeling disgust or sadness throughout the class, this would be beneficial for the teacher in that this implies the teacher needs to change their approach and if the teacher were to question the student, how and what they the teachers can do to allow the students to be more interactive. dr. huang says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. huang, paragraph . this shows that even online learning could be changed using this coding system and that using this technology would be beneficial throughout different kinds of learning systems and different kinds of students. also, as i said before, if the coding system is able to detect students feeling bored or becoming confused in class, it may lead to the teacher changing his approach on how to teach the lesson. also, the facial action coding system could also be helpful in that the system could help teacher find cheaters and dishonest students in the class. an example of this is that if the facial action coding system were to detect fear or surprise if a teacher confronts a student on cheating, this will help the teacher on deciding if the teacher actually cheated or whether the student was actually innocent. also if the student decides to lie and fake an happy expression, the machine would also be able to detect this. this author states the system is able to detect a fake expression when he states, meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus makes crow feet around your eyes. but in a false smile, the smile is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. to an expert, faces dont lie thes muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. dalto, paragraph . this quote shows that the machine to detect a faked expression and if the student is lying or faking an expression, the teacher will be able to call him out on it using the facial action coding system. the facial coding system could also detect whether things outside of school is affecting him and whether or not the student need help. for example, if the student were constantly to have a sad and fear expression throughout the school, the counselorprincipal may be able to ask the student what is going on and why the student constantly is feeling this type of way. the counselorprincipal may discover things that could be traumatizing to the student and proceed to get the studen help or aid. in conclusion, having a facial action coding system may be beneficial for both the student and the teacher in a classroom. with this system, teachers are able to identify whether they should change the way the way they teach the class, if a student is faking an expression when caught cheating or lying in the classroom, and if something is concerning a student outside of school. all of these reasons prove that schools should start implementing this new system into their technology such as video cameras, computers, and tablets.