there will be many different opinions over weather or not we should use this technology in class rooms. the facial action coding system has positive and negative sides. it could be enjoable. there is also a chance that it could just be a complete and utter fail. though, are the benifits of students worth the negative aspects of this new technology? if this new system were applied to our schools, students would be more likely to enjoy what they are participating in. the students would have been matched to their own personal work while still accomplishing what they need to be able to pass. maybe students would not dread school as much as they do now. instead of losing interest in their studies, students could enjoy learning. if students began learning on their own because they enjoyed it so much, maybe they would also take up their own studies. could you imagine how advanced our future would be if people were actually passionate about learning? on the other hand, some people would see the facial action coding system as an invasion of privacy. they would think that what little personal life they had left was being stripped from them. or maybe we could even be being watched all the time and not just when we are aware of it. people are already so paranoid about everything. so why not just throw in always being observed like government projects. some people would say this fancy new system is just to expensive. maybe even a waste of money that could be used for something more necessary and useful. people would debate an argue over what is best and the arguing would be a waste of time all on its own. everyone has their own opinion. everyone wants to be heard. it may just be easier to save the money. though you will never know what you are missing out on until you try. so, why not try to apply this program to the schools. it could be a huge success. we could have a completly new and updated experience of life. if mankind has gotten this far without it, could you imagine where we would be with it?