technology is constantly changing and adapting with the times. some people fear change and loss of control with autonomous technology, especially cars however, technological control can actually improve the safety of driving in the future. driverless cars will help to improve the quality and safety of driving around the world. driving safety is a prevalent issue in many parts of the world. people face daily dangers on the road, such as texting drivers, drunk drivers, and drivers that are too exhausted to focus with autonomous cars, these dangers would be removed. the driverless cars would use multiple sensors to form continuously updated d models of the cars surroundings, which would allow the car to substitute for a human at the wheel. critics might argue that it is unsafe to rely purely on technology to drive people. however, the cars would not be purely autonomous the car would alert the human driver if he or she needed to take over. several large car companies, including tesla, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan, are already planning to release cars that are capable of driving themselves by . rapid technological improvements are allowing cars to become more refined and to take over multiple tasks that were originally done by human drivers. these cars and their sophisticated technology vastly improve the safety of driving on the road. driverless cars would not only improve safety on the road, but would also improve the safety of the environment. currently, cars use up millions of gallons of gas each year, causing pollution and severely impacting the quality of air in many city environments. however, autonomous cars could be used as replacements for current taxi systems. sergey brin, the cofounder of google, believes that the use of driverless cars in place of taxis would greatly reduce the amount of air pollution as well as the consumption of gasoline the cars would use half the amount of fuel that taxis currently consume. driverless cars would improve the safety of the world. it has been proven multiple times that these cars will improve the safety of driving around the world unfortunately, the road to driverless cars is still blocked by laws and by peoples fears. if people allow it, autonomous technology in cars will have a huge positive impact on the future.