the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars but the negative aspects are more compelling. driverless cars require many sensors, they would still require the help of the human driver and there is always the possibility of the technology failing and cause injury. the driverless cars that are being tested require many sensors that are needed in order to allow the car to perform the duties of drivering. as it says in the article  for starters, they needed a whole alot of sensors. it rises questions like, what if they fail? what would be the cost of replacing broken ones? it a sound too expensive to maintain. is there an alert system to warn humans a sensor is going out? as driverless cars need sensors they still need the help of the human drivers. they claim to be driverless cars and yet they arent completely driverless they still need the asistance of the human drivers. in the article is says  in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. and ... but all are designed to nofity the driver when the road ahead requires human skills... in how many situations would the so called driveless cars need the human skills to operate and prevent accidents? there is still the need for human judgement. with automatives there has always been the risk of injury and death which is present in the driverless cars. but who would be at fault as the article says, ... new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accidents. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? car manufacturers have been in fault for car defects that have resulted in injury or death. with driverless cars the risk could go up with failures in the car. even though the thought of having driverless cars is appealing to many, there is many negative aspects to the idea of having them. as driverless cars require many sensors, they would still require help of the human driver and is always the possibility of the technology failing and cause injury or death. we are still far from the day where people will see driverless cars as an everyday thing.