driverless cars have been in all of our minds since television and moives have put them there. google has had driverless cars since , but are they safe to be in one. while haveing a driverless car seems epic it does have some downfall to it. driverlesss cars , or smart cars, are a bad idea because it cost a large amount of money, a driver must be on the wheel and on alert at all times, and it even has problems with the law. driverless cars in the late s had to run on a special track. the smartroad systems worked well. it was actully a succesful test, but it would have require massive upgrades to the existing roads. the roads would be too expensive to upgrade. so instead of smartroads they moved on to smart cars. the smart cars would need a lot of sensors to work. the senors would of course become more advance, but so well the cost. although the smart cars cost a large amount it also still needs a driver at the wheel. the car can handle speeds up to mph, but the sensors make sure the dirver hold on to the wheel. even though it is a smart car none of the cars can go without a driver at the wheel. the car would need a driver for roads it cant navigat thourgh. such as work zones and around accidents. the car can not navigat thourgh these places which is why it alerts the driver that the need to take control of the wheel. to improve this the manufacturers put cameras in the smart car to watch driver. they make sure that the driver is focused on the road. if there is a road the car needs help with, it would vibrate the seat to alert the driver. even if the car can alert the driver the law focus on on how focused the driver is. in some states it is illegal to test a computerdriven car. such states worry the the car would cause an accident to the passengers, and pedestrians. if the traffic laws change it would still need to cover liability of the accident. so if the car fails and caused an accident would the driver or manufacturer be at fault. so in the end driverless cars are a horribly idea. they would cost a large amount of money. as well as they are not actully driverless and needs someone to be there, and they are agist the law at some states. driverless cars should just stay in television and moives.