i accept driverless cars entirely and base my position on statistics found both within and outside of the passage driverless cars are coming. the facts i base my opinion and position on driverless cars are all of the accidents the alphabet formerly googles vehicle driverless passenger mobile vehicle were caused by human drivers alone. the second reason is because the vehicles have instant, high speed, and highly accurate radius road mapping systems to navigate safley for both the passengers and other drivers and passengers. i very much disagree with the sentence found in the passage google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since  in paragraph  because there are very few conditions that the vehicle could ever function under even in the  models developed. i also disagree with the first line in the passage which states can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cards because no one needs them anymore? although specifically ground vehicles that match the appearance of cars may be unavailable for direct transportation, most humans will rely on some form of direct vehicular control as the human inovation proccess brings more variety to forms of transportation, there will always be a time gap between the development of self controlling functions in vehicles and the manufacturing of the vehicles themselfs. we will move on, but we will always at some point be in control of some transportation directly as we progress through the newer types of transportation such as recycleable aerospace vehicles and extraatmospheric transportation manufactured by spacex. to conclude, i believe that taking the step to accept driverless vehicles as they are in posttesting phases is a healthy and natural nessesity for humans to take to allow for greater inovation as it is manufactured. driverless vehicles are proven to be safer and are heavily misunderstood. most of the government organizations that take time away from proper conduct of ensuring the safety of drivers with improved motor ways on the world to focus on neglecting innovation and progression of mankind lack the basic leading skills they are required to have to allow for better and newer mechanics.