the new software update, the facial action coding system can calcutale how people feel or what emotion they are feeling. this software is the lastest invention from prof. the six basic emotions humans have can be read or showed by this facial action coding system. this new technology is being tested to see if it is valuable in the classroom to read the emotional expressions of students. i belive this tecnology wouldnt be valuable in the classroom or learning enviroment. this technology doesnt benifit the students learning or relate to their school subjects. facial action coding system can calculate human emotional expressions. it calculates how you feel or waht you are feeling. i dont think this software would be valuable in the classroom because it is invading the kids personal space. having the teachers or the computers always knowing how you feel is creepy. in the artical making mona lisa simle it states that humans perform this task or calculation of reading peoples emotions everyday. the artical also states that humans most likly can tell how otheres or how their friends are feeling by looking at their faical expressings. having facial acton coding system in the classroom would just be unessasary and invading others personal space. this software or technology only reads humans emotional expressions, it doesnt teach anything or help people learn anything benifiting to school. if this technology was to be put into classrooms it wouldnt be benifiting to the kids or teaching them anything related to their school work. the artical states that the computer would be able to tell when a student is confused or bored while doing a leason. most schools dont even teach leasons on the computer a teacher teaches them the leason they are learning. also some kids or even their parents wouldnt want a computer to be reading their childrens emotions , also the students may not want to be monitored all the time aswell. this technology just isnt benificial to the learning enviroment in that sort of way. the software update, the facial action coding system is cool on how it reads humans emotions and tells you how they are feeling, but it just isnt valuable to classrooms or the learning enviroment. this software invades otheres person sapce by always monitoring their emotional expressions and calculating how u feel. some people might find it creepy on the fact they are always being read by this new technology. this new technology isnt valuable to classrooms also because it it is not benifical to kids learning. the facial action coding system doesnt teach kids realting to their school subjects. teachers teach the leasons and not computers this software wouldnt be nessarsy in classrooms.