the new technology to read students emotional expressions is a very helpful idea.now we will be able to know when someone is losing intrust, or becoming bored.the process begins when the computer contrusts a d computer model of the face. the facial axtion coding system enables coputers to identify human emotions. wow! we can actually calulate emotionslike biology homework. the process begins when the computer constucts a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles.it would be able to idenitfy six basic emtions happiness, suorise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. in the class room your not always happy,but maybe if sombody or somthing knew that you wasnt happy it could change that. the new technology should be put in class room to help the unhappy student be happy or at least try to make them happy. i say this because when you not happy then you dont really feel like doing any school work.so maybe the new technology can help change you or your attitude. to a human facies dont lie, for instance you can probaly tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on there face.alot of us would have diffrent feelings but are face show diffrent. the reason why the the facial action coding system would be bad idea for school is the cost. where will the school get the money from for them to get this high technology from. who will be the paying for them. if somthing was to brake on the facial action coding system it would cost a arm and a leg to get it fixed just because the high technolgoy used to make it. we need these in the class room! if we had the new technology in the class room we love it ,because when you get bored the technology would recoernized that and will swicth to something else.if you are still un happy the technology will know and will keep switch to it see a change in emoition.if you are still un happy the technology could even put up a smiling face to make you smile, because sometimes all you need is a good smile. i think the new technolgy is a good resource for the classroom and can really help and improve the education in the class room.