have you ever been in a car accident or close to one ? do you remember if it was your fault or not? what if it wasnt ? there have been talk about driverless cars , and with these cars there would still be need of driver assistance. these cars could cause numerous accidents. would they still be your fault? if you got in one of these driverless cars you would be accountable for any damage done because you were supposed to be alert while riding in this driverless car.the development of driverless cars should cease because the car still needs human assistance,the car is not safe and the car weakens drivers alertness. driverless cars are not what they seem,false advertisement, you still have to drive them at some point. an article says that these cars are unable to direct through traffic or pull out of drive ways, the complicated things. if the car unables the driver to get out of doing the complicated work ,why have one ? the article also states the car is supposed to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. drivers do not need another human to take the wheel they can do it themselves, drivers need advanced technology to take the wheel , because all humans make mistakes, technology does not. driverless cars are not good on highways because what if there is an accident on the highway and the driver is not alert, the car does not know how to detour its way around.driverless cars are supposedly good on smarter roads , not every road is a smart road. what are people who live in congested city and construction areas supposed to do? the driverless car is not a good product , it is obviously useless to most people because of the rules and regulations with this car. think about your life ,who would you blame for an ingury if you had a driverless car mishap? certainly not yourself one would hope, driverless cars are extremely dangerous if you think about it , the inventers, google, thought of this car. the car is supposedly to be driverless but it is not, the car requires human assitance from time to time.in a case of a driver falling asleep and not hearing the alert of the car could result in a major incedent .the warnings google came up with to alert the drivers were vibrating seats, and flashing windshields that can not be seen if a driver is asleep. if a driver gets in one of these cars and then gets in a nondriverless car they will be left feeling that that can just fall asleep at the will and this will cause more problems. driverless cars will weaken a drivers alertness and decrease the probablity that they will stay focused enough to get behind a wheel when it is needed.drivers need to be alert regardless if they are driving or not , because another driver in another car could not be alert and that could result in an accident.