facial expressions can tell a lot about you, but do you really know what your facial expression is actually showing? well being all about the new technology will tell you a lot about your self. being about the technology will tell you about facial expressions, how the muscles in your face can tell how you really feel, and how the technology works for people. this technology will tell how a person really feels. facial expressions can tell a lot about a person and how they might feel. when someone is frowning others may think that your mad or sad. but when someone is smiling others may think that they are happy or excitied. facial expressions can tell a lot about people but noone really knows what the true facial expresson is. when a person is happy they might simle, when a person is scared they might make a frightened facial expression. each facial expression means something different.the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression.. muscles on your face tell what expression a person is using. someone who is smiling muscles are shaped different from when they are sad or mad. depending on how you feel is the way your muscles are shaped. your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above our eyes raises your eyebrows when your surprised your orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger., said dr. paul eckman. you may be wondering how this technology works and what it really does. well this process begins when the vcomputer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles.. movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit...  there are six basic emotions happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fera, and sadness and then associated each with characteristics movements of the facial muscles. by weighting different units, the software can even indentify mixed emotions, meaning that the weight of it can tell. each one of the expressions that are used are compared to neutral faces. imagine if a computer can tell weather your confused or mad or even sad. what if when it could tell what facial expression you was meaning it woud change to your intrest. this technology could help a lot of people. for an example it could help school kids become more intrested in school work if it could tell you was bored and made it more intresting. by showing the students facial expression this technoloy can better the student just by changing it into something that makes it better for them.