dear, florida senators i believe that the electoral college is a good way of voting for a president and vice president because the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a single vote in congress. the electoral college consists of the selection of the electors is the meeting where the electors vote for there president and vice president. plus the majority of the  electoral votes is required to elect the president of the united states. the united states entitled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its congressional delegation. one each of the memebers in the house of representives plus two of your senators. in our state, each citizens have there own group of voters that vote for a president and vice president of there chose. some even vote for candidates that are going for a person running for president or vice president. our states certificates of ascertainments are sent to the congress and the national archives as part of the official records of the presidential election.  under the electoral college system,voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. if i lived in texas, for example, and wanted to vote for adam pis , id vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to pis. on the note, that those electors won the statewide election, they would goto congress and pis would get  electoral votes. there are a lot of questions that people ask, who picks the electors in the first place? it depends on the state that some citizens are living in because some states can have picked electors and some dont even pick electors so, it must depends what state the citizen lives in. perhaps worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. in that case, the election would be thrown to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. because each state casts only one vote, the single representive from wyoming, representing , voters, would have as much say as the  representives from california, who represents  million voters. its hard to think about this but some are right, abolish the electoral college! by proper_name month_day_year