many people are not in favor of keeping the electoral college. many prefer changing the election by popular vote for the president of the united states since the electoral college is unfair. it is. the electoral college is unfair in many ways and we should change it to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. one reason why the united states should change the election to popular vote instead of the electoral college is because the states arent all equal and electoral college isnt fair. in the electoral college, california has more of a say than georgia. california has  electoral college, while georgia has . how is that fair? because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning plumer . this line tells us that candidates stay out of states that they know they wont win. say there was a candidate campaigning, they will most likely focus on the states that have the most electoral college, like california or texas. they wont go to states that only have three votes. thats not fair to the states that have a small population. it happened in , when gore had more popular votes than bush yet fewer electoral votes posner . if electoral votes wasnt a thing, gore would be president. hes the candidate that won most popular votes, meaning that he got the most votes in the nation. can voters control whom their electors vote for? not always plumer . not always? whats the point of voting if the vote wont even count? another reason why the united states should change the election to popular vote is because the popular vote will be more precise and its much easier. there could be less ties, and the candidate that everyone really wants as president will become the president. gore had more popular votes than bush yet fewer electoral votes posner . gore was the candidate that everyone wanted as president. it just doesnt seem fair that the candidate that won popular vote, isnt or wasnt the president. overall, the people should change the election to popular vote for the president of the united states instead of using a system that is unfair to the states and the people.