in everyday life, students go through a rollar coster of emotions with only few known of. they become happy on a sunny day or become upset after not doing so great on a test. many emotions can be seen on the face but, students have learned to keep those emotions well hidden with the intention of not wanting anyone to know or find out. technology being able to determine students emotion would be extremely benefitial in helping the student fell better and being able to share their emotions. using devices to read our emotions would help frowning students smile more when they need it. the computer would be able to read their face by seeing the facial movements and determine whether a student is becoming bored in class. according to prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, having a computer that can read emotions in class  could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructordalto . this could improve the students learning skills and can help the teacher be notified when and where a student needs help. this technology would not only be benefitial in the students school life, but also in his or her personal life too. computors would be able to see if a student was truely unhappy or upset and would be able to help in a way a human could not. the student may not want anyone to know of their sadness, but a computor knowing is harmless. depending on the mood,  if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different dalto . with this technology, when someones is upset, something happy and encouraging could pop up and make them smile. this could brighten a students mood and encourage them to keep working with a better attitude going out than going in. the ability to know how someone is feeling without them having to say it could make it easier for people to jump in and help each other out. if one student sees another who was putting on a fake smile, they may be able to encourage them or say something nice to put a real smile on their face. theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses the emotions, but may even produce them dalto . putting a smile on someones face, even for a second, can truely make a difference. this technology would be extremly valuable a students academic life, to help them to do their best and succeed, and in their personal life, to be more of a light to others.