my argument for the driverless cars would be against them. i feel like it would be alot that comes with having one of those cars. there are alot of things you would have to do and know in order to stay more cautious then a car you would normally drive yourself.the driverless could also be dangerous in the most simplest ways. there are also alot of things you have to watch out for. all easy ways to get out of somethings are not always the safest. i feel as if alot would come with the cars because you have to really make sure you know what your doing and keep your eyes on the rode at all times although you should already do that. i also feel like parts for the car would be way more expensive considering it drives on its on. it will eventually become a headache to some who thought it would be easier to just hop in a car that goes on its on , not knowing everything that comes along with the car. sometimes you have to think about what you really getting before you just hop in it and go. thats why i said i feel like its alot to come with those cars. when buying a car like that there are alot of things you need to understand. you will have to have patience and structure. i say that because even though it drives on its own it still needs a human hands on the wheel at certain points and times of the day. even though the driverless car drives on its own most the time , a human still has to take over when coming upon a construction zone or coming upon a pedestrian maybe even alot of traffic. its only so much a car can do automatically. the car could be dangerous because by it not being able to go through certain things it can lead into yourself or somebody else getting hurt. it also can lead into somethings even getting damaged. when driving a automated car you have to be more catious then what you would be driving a regular car. not all easy ways are the safest ways out of situations especially when dealing with a car. cars can be a dangerous thing to choose , thats why when you do get a car you should choose wisely and make sure its good for future refferences. so once again i am against driverless cars. i feel they are not say for people to just drive as an everyday car. i feel as if somebody get one it should only be used for fun in like an empty parking lot or brung out at night when there is really nothing going on. i only say that because not only do i want the person that has one to be safe i want everyone around them to be safe as well. so no driveless cars should not come.