i think that sometimes it would be good to use facs, but at the same time, it would also be smart to not use it all the time. facs is a facial action coding system that detects the way someone is feeling. it can tell if you are feeling sad, happy, energetic or tired, just by your actions. i think we should only use it if we have to, otherwise, just use our human instincts and look at each other to tell how one another is feeling. i believe we should use facs if it is a necessity. if someone is showing signs or actions that are just merely impossible to interpret, then yes, we should use facs. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, says dr. huang. if someone is just smiling kind of broadly, like the article tells us, and not really showing us if they are smiling or not, i believe that is a time that we should use facs facial action coding system. some people though, think that we should not use it, and i agree with them just a little bit. when should we not use it? i think times that we should not use it are when it is easy to tell the way someone is feeling, or if someone has a medical problem that would be affected by this. we also should not use this if you are at home. i know that in todays age, most homes probably dont have a pc that hooks into the wall anymore. nowadays, most homes just have a laptop that everyone will share, and they will call it a home computer. either that, or most people probably just have their own personal laptops. what i am trying to say though, is that we should not use it at home because as the article say, a home pc could not handle the complex algorithms that facs requires. now, if you are one of those people who are somewhere in the middle, you dont know if we should use it or not, i would say just look at how it works. all facs does, we as human can pretty much do ourselves. it just takes movements that you do, and then says what it thinks your emotion is that you are feeling. but, if you think about it, we can do that do as humans. so, there might be one reason that you start leaning more towards not using it. you might start to think again though if you think about what i said earlier. if someone is smiling broadly, we cant really tell how they are feeling. so, that might be a time that you would say use it. now, even after looking at all of this information, i will probably always be one of those people who just dont know if it would be good or not to use it. if you dont, then you would just use your human instincts and try to tell what someone is feeling. you might just be one of those people who likes to do everything old school. if you do, then that must mean you just dont want to try to tell what someone is feeling. this could be laziness, but who knows. maybe that is a time that you should use facs.