i think the use of technology to read emotions in a classroom is valuable to classrooms. students can learn alot more when using the facial coding system. it can help them be aware of their own emotions, and can help them have more fun learning. to start, it can help you have more fun by learning because it can detect your emotions and change up the lessons. in paragraph six, it says, ...then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. its saying it can be aware of how you are feeling about the lesson. weither your bored, cunfused, etc. it can make it less confusing for you, and make it a little bit more enjoyable and easier for you to learn. also, in the same paragraph it says, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different by either smiling or frowning it can go on the the next thing or ad that you would most likely enjoy. it can make waiting for what you are waiting for more enjoyable so you dont sit in boredom. for example, while waiting for an ad on youtube or any video you are watching that wont let you skip,or any game. it can detect your emotion and go on to a diferent ad the next time. that can make watching or seeing ads more fun then the last ad that had. next, it can help you be aware of how you are feeling either happy or sad. in paragraph four it says, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression, using video imagery, the new emotion recognition software tracks these facial movements by them tracking your movements, it can help not only them notice you are sad, happy, bored, or any of emotion you are feeling. it can also attract your attention too and helping you realize it. your mouth is stretched sideways and uses the zygomatic major while you fake a smile. if you pay attention, you can tell if you or others around you are smiling like that. it can help you be aware if they are faking their smile and happiness. it can also teach you a little bit of science, and you wouldnt know. dr. huang talks about about how the process begins, and how many muscles you have. the system can teach you how about all the emotions we have also. i think the facial action system is a good idea for the classrooms. it can teach you a little bit about science. also, about how to reconize yours and others emotions, and make learning and wiaitng more enjoyable for you.