this artical is about, facs facial action coding system, which is a new software that has been developed, it improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. this computer software was made so a computer can detect your emotions to understand what you like and dont like. the author states that, the software is the latest innovation from prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, working in collaboration with prof. nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam. dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. i believe that we should use this process on computers at the schools, so that the computers better understand the schools students. the author states that, this new software, the facial action coding system, has promising applications for a variety of industries. this software can express many different emotions such as, happy, mad, sad, ect. it can also store infromation, as to what you like and what you dont like, by the way your muscles movwe in your face. in paragraph , the author states, yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical infromation as electronic code. it can also help a student if heshe is having trouble on the computer, it can do that by reading the emotions on your face by the way your facial muscles move in a certain way. the author states in paragraph  that, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the author wrote the article, facs facial action coding system, to help computers camunicate better with humans, by reading the way their muscles on their face move, or react, to express how humans feel. this new computer software would be a good thing to add to the schools computers, that way the computers can better communicate, and help, the students if they are confused or bored. even if you have different face expressions, or mixed emotions. the auther says, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece. each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. computers need to be able to better communicate with humans.