cars or no cars cars are motor vehicls that run of disel fuel . some places such as vauban, germany and pairs has giving up cars . president obama has created a project call mustang sally  created because science has proven that fewer americans buy cars  fwere people get there licenses. some places have fins for driving a car some dont. young people organzie there lives and summer jobs around where they can walk or car pool with a friend. last year study shows that there are fewer young people driving which drops the driving rate by  percent. first , people shouldnt drive if they dont need to. the disel fuel cars run on are creating air pollution . at the rate we are at now in a couple of years the world would be full of dirty air. things that can prevent dirty air  car pooling walking riding a bicycle hybird car some of these things people wont do because their either lazy or just selfish and dont care about there kids or grandkids future. if we dont have any fresh air to breath how do you expect the world to breathe let along function ? become a place like geermany by not letting people drive by having public transpotation mondayfrida only  they care about the enivornment . second, you should want to protcet the enivornment. fresh air is such a beautiful thing to have why waste it because people dont want to protect it ? ford motor has layed out a plan that can and will conserve resource, lower emossions and improve safety , by using private cars and public transportation which also cuts back on time . just help protect a place we all live . third , the last past two decades there has been efforts to make cities a better place for walking and bicycleing. a few houndred people cant do it alone they need you as humans to help nevertheless, help stop the world from air pollution. you should want to secure your childern childerns future . make sure your family can have a clean life and that they can help improve the world to make it a better place . make sure they know how important it is to have clean ar to breathe .the future is in you , so protect it  . the smallest things can help walking to work during the week using car only a few times a month , carpooling ,using your bicycle on the weekend anything can help make the world a better place.