alien comics are the real deal? the average conspiracy theorist might think the picture of the face was created by aliens but science and reasearch shows otherwise. many people connect space with aliens but its all really fiction. everyone wants to believe that those comics and fairytales they used to read when they were younger are actually real. so any piece of information from mars that could be the slightest bit connected to earth makes everyone go bananas! here is why your ideas and the rest of the conspiracy theorist ideas are way off. first, how are you putting out their ideas and beliefs but we have yet to see you guys give any evidence whats so ever. see, the team at nasa has actually done research and its our job. when we went out to the sight where the face is located us and other scientists figure it was just another martian mesa, also, these are common around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. next, if this accusation was in deed truthful why in the world would we hide this from anyone!? it would honestly help us and make us even more financially stable. even when we revealed the picture it engaged many common citizens and it attracted attention to mars. so, even if the whole alien thing was true it would really benfit the people. not only are they going to learn about possibly alive aliens but they get to learn even more about mars and how they function in space. also, weve provided all the evidence that we possibly can. we even went back out to the sight and took pictures again to prove these you and the rest of the conspiracy thoerists wrong. when we went back out to the sight we used a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! now you and many might say well i still dont think their telling the truth, their probably hiding something because it might discredit them and their business. well, nasa and the rest of the scientist have done all we can. our job is to explore space and find new things that might help us on earth. so, after all the reseach weve done. plus all the trips weve made back out there to provide the community with evidence and pictures and you guys still dont believe us thats your problem. when conspiracy theorist provide us with  percent credible and sufficent information then we can look into it more but for now you guyses arguement is full of opinions. in conclusion, this is how you and the rest of the conspiracy theorist ideas are very false and irrelevant. nasa has been in business for awhile now and we like to be looked at as very honest, diligent and hardworking people. we do not at all appreciate you and you team degrading us. we spend thousands and thousands of dollars each mission just so we can have evidence and information that is accurate. we take our jobs very seriously. after speaking with you today i hope you can rethink your ideas and your beliefs because weve done everything we could to provide you and the rest of the people with good sources to support our decision and our arguement.