emotions in the classroom? this is a question ask by many people. should we or should we not include technology that can read our emotion in the classroom. i believe that we should because this could bring learn to a whole new level. we all know that moment when a teacher is teaching something on the board and we pretty much have no idea what they are talking about, imagin a computer being able to reconize that and help you out with out the teacher having to stop the lesson. this would make the lives of students and teachers better, student that understand could go on with the lesson as the teacher teaches it. the students that dont understand could wait up for a second and learn that part of the lesson before they through another wrench at you. this topic intersest many people because we have the ablity to change the way students loearn every day. i often wonder when my parents ask me what i learned today. many days i come home without a clue on what i learned then im expected to do a homework page or two everynight. with the new technology we wouldnt have to worry about students going home without a clue if because if could reconize if they were having a tuff time. then it would instantly jump into action to try to help the student. this could also help students learn their intrests, here at my school we have a class called careers. this class exposes us to many diffrent career choices, with this new technoloy this could help us decide if we like that career. the emotion detecer could really help when you are stuck between to jobs. it will tell you what you are feeling between the jobs. the only issue with this is how could they make this famous around the globe. with technology where its at right now the invention could take years to put into a class room. how would they mass produce this peice of technolohg? this is a question i often find myself thinking about when i am told a new invention is coming out. paragraph  really hits me hard with the question of, how do we need to wait until our home pc can handle it? this is something that the creators need to take into conideration if they want this exposed to the pubic. i say yes to this technology joining the everyday classroom because i believe that so many kids would beafit from having anothe teacher in the class.