would you want somthing that reads your emotions and finds out weather you are happy, sad or depressed. if so read more to find out some more information about this device to see if you would want this at your job or school. the reason why this can be a major impact in the class room is that it can read your facial expresstions. teachers can see if students are struggling or if they are goofing off in class. teachers can use this type of tool in the class roon to see what they cant see from their desk. this device can read six emotions such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. also can associate with peoples movements of the facial muscles. for example, your frontalis pars lateralis muscles above your eyes raises your eyebrows when youre suprised your orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling as broadly. using video imagery, the new emotionrecogntion software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. by weightign the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpice. each expresstion is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. we has humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell hoe a friend is feeling simply by the look on hishers face. of course, msot of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. yet dr. huang observes that the facial recognitinal machine works wonderfuly and would be amazing in any class room. in conclustion, i belive that this device should be in schools all round that united states. my reasoning is when people come in the school that system can do backround checks on parents or adults that come into the buliding. that makes sure they keep the school safe for teachers and students in the process of everyone else in the building at that time. plus they can have data that will be saved for when they know when that person can to the school and left the school.