using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom could be valueable. it can help actors learn how to make a smile or frown look real, it can help a teacher figure out if a student needs more help just by scanning his or her face, and it can help us figure out what our friends are realling feeling. first, movies are a big part of our life. it is never fun to go to watch a movie and see that the actors arent good they either look like they dont know what they are doing or they try looking sad and actually look like the happest person on earth. with this technology like the arthour says  drama coach, constantin stanislavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. this shows that even just practicing a fake smile for a movie or for when you are on stage could make the play seem better than it already would be of the actors didnt know how to put on a real smile. facial action coding system can also be helpful in the class room so when you have a kid on the computer you can see if they are strugging and they need more help or if they are powering through it and need a bit more of a obsticle to go through. like in in the article  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confussed or bored...it could then modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this could help a teacher out cause they cant always tell of a student is having trouble. they also dont always see the when they are doing their work at home. this is like the teachers second hand man when coming to helping students get the help or challenge they need. lastly, you may have a friend that you cant tell if they are sad or happy because . the article states  most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. you never if a friend is putting on a fake smile to keep you from getting down, but thats just hurting them even more so you sometimes have to do things yourself and get them the help they need. in conclusion, i believe that being about to see someones emotion just by scanning their face could be very helpfull to get kids the help they need or the challenge, helping a friend get through a rough time, and making movies better.