driverless cars are cars with an automated driving system. cool right? using binary code, sensors and even d imaging to check surroundings. sounds futuristic like something from back to the future or star trek. but what good could they really do in society. driverless cars are coming but should they? society today can do better without technology controlling even more of our lives and something so vital as cars. google has gotten a head start on this process of driverless cars. the article states the car can read the positive and negative polarity as messages in binary code. yes the car is smarter than the average human being, thats because its a computer. a computer cannot make judgement calls like a human being. with the intent on not crashing a driverless car could make mistakes and not know that they are mistakes. such as hitting a child in order to avoid crashing into a tree. something this article did not touch on was that the google self driving car had its first accident last week when it hit the side of a bus in northern california. today we have sensors and cameras in our cars but the driver maintains the speed, directions and trajectory of the car and where it goes. humans must remain alert at all times, as stated in this article. even though with self driving cars there is no human error involved consequences could emerge from there being to many of these types of automobiles on the road at once. if this car goes into mass production problems will emerge just like with every other car brand. we have today many tools to assist our cars in knowing when to stop, turn and check coolant and power steering levels. we are still in control. in the article isnt was stated that if a problem should arise the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. what if this function doesnt work? should the driver always have to hands on the wheel or would that ruin the point of this driverless car. is society ready for this or is this years in the making and we are just getting ahead of ourselves. either way self driving cars should not be allowed on the street without a driver until the technology is  proven error free. this could take some time but its worth it. this will significantly limit the cost of lives that could come from unnecessary laziness caused by this driverless car. human error will always be a problem but human judgment will by far outweigh the intelligence of automated systems.