driverless cars should be used in the near future. i believe that drivless cars can be very benefical in the near future. driverless cars will be very useful because the people of our country are getting more lazy as time goes by. there are many benefits and many concerns when it comes to driveless cars. driverless cars should be used in the near future because they are benefical by their technology used, sensors, and functions. the technology used for the driverless cars are very beneficial compared to an average car. when the article states, the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. this quote shows that the technology used for the driverless cars are very beneficial and above an average car. with the driverless car having sensors it can mimic the skill of a human at wheel which is a amazing. sensors are not new in technology. the sensors used for the driverless car are one of its many benefits. the article says,  the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. this quote shows that the use of sensors is more safer and leads to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. the driverless cars functions are out of this world. the driverless car for the most part can work well indepently, but may need the drivers help in certain situations. the article states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notfiy the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this shows that driverless cars have very important and benefical functions, but may need the drivers help in certain circumstances. driverless cars will be very benefical in the near future. there is a lot of debate between the driverless cars as to whether they should be used or not in the near future. the driverless car has its many pros and cons. the driverless car has many special qualities and should be improved to be used in the future. the driverless cars should be used because of their technology used, sensors, and functions.