transportation is a must in todays society, and car usage plays a big role in the subject. limiting car usage has many advantages. reduced usage of cars can help the enviroment in various ways. less car usage can help citizens be less dependent on cars, and can be a great stress reliever for others. the enviroment is a big part of the lives of people and needs to be taken care of. cars are known for polluting the air and damaging the enviroment. one of the problems about the air pollution involves greenhouse gas emissions. in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, paragraph  states passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. limiting car usage can reduce greenhouse gas emissions. smog is another issue due to car usage. paris is a known city for smog. in the article paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer, it says paris typically has more smog than other european capitals... last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found., meaning that smog is a big problem in the enviroment. air pollution can be reduced with limited car usage and can help the enviroment in which we live in. being independent can be one of the many benefits of limited car usage. relying on car usage can put people at a disadvantage. limiting car usage can help citizens become less reliant on automobiles. paragraph  states bogota,colombiain a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. source , andrew selsky. there are many differents ways of using transportation without having to rely on car usage. jobs and businesses can be accessible through many alternative choices of transportation. source , by elisabeth rosenthal, states he and i have similar obsercations about our children. mine  and  have not bothered to get a drivers license, even though they both live in places where one could come in handy. they are interested, but its not a priority. they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk of take public transportation or carpool with friends. paragraph . different transportaion routes, or options, gives a wider variety of getting somewhere. limited car usage can help citizens be more independent with transportation. limited car usage can be a way of relieving stress. citizens believe that limited car usage gives them the advantage of relieving stress. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, source , paragraph . reduced car usage can cause a fellow citizen to feel happier. paragraph  of source  says the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. citizens feel more connected with friends without the neccessity of car usage. less driving impacts the lives of citizens in a postive way. limited car usage can only be seen as an advantage, it brings out many positive things. reduced car usage is enviroment friendly and reduces air pollution. less driving is a better way of being independent and stressfree. the world can be a better place with limited use of automobiles.