do you believe in aliens? i mean, do you honestly think that aliens are roaming around in our solar system? some say yes, some say no. do you believe that aliens created the face of mars? let me tell you, they didnt. aliens are not here  they didnt create this face on mars. plenty of research is found to back it up too. first, research has been concluded  done to prove that this is a natrual landform. in an article called unmasking the face on mars it states, thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web sit, revealing...a natrual landform. there was no alien monument after all. websites arent enough for some people though. next, this face on mars simulates some landforms on earth. therefore, it would be a natrual cause that happened. it states in the article of unmasking the face on mars, what the picture actually shws is the martian equivalent of a buttle or mesalandforms common around the american west. it reminds me most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. says gravin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa around the same height as the face on mars. by reading this, it is making it clear that this landform is somewhat common. it stated that landforms such as the face on mars is common around the american west. if it can happen on earth, why cant it happen in outer space? on the other side, the face on mars has attracted a lot of attention, especially in the social world. it states in the article of unmasking the face on mars, the face on mars has since become a pop icon. it starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk showseven haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. people seem to think that they can believe everything they hear  see on television or on magazines or even in movies. presenting us all with fake gossip  fake news is how these businesses get money. they know, one person will believe it, leading to thousands more. we tend to believe in the juicy filled drama. not everything you hear out in the world is true. i know, id rather believe real scientist, than businesses thirsty for money. in conclusion, evidence from scientist like me from nasa is much for believable than hollywood movies  headline magazines. there are no aliens. the face of mars just so happens to be a natrual landform.