cars, some people think they are the most important things ever made. in some places like colombia they barley ever use them. some people in colombia even say that their everyday life is maybe even easier. people actually do get more easilystressed by just owning a car. with all this evidence given it is clear that limiting cars would be an advantage. cars are in fact a big disadvantage. in source one it even goes into detail about how much money it is to just to be a carowner. in freiburg, vaubans streets there are carfree carowners spend , along with a home to have space for their cars. as results to this  perecent of people in vauban are not carowners and  percent sold their cars. in source one it also says that the united states previous bills were  percent alone have gone to the highways and another  percent to transport. in source two and three paris and colombia were having to pay for fines of  to . as another result to all the money people are playing just to be a carowner people get very stressed over all of this. in source three colombia banned cars with the exception of buses and taxis. after three years of banned cars people hiked, biked, skater, took the bus or took a taxi. with the three years and still in progress people in colombia soon began to relise that its a good opportunity to take away stress said carlos arturo plaza a local buisness man in colombia. of course no one could buy any cars or stress over them if we cant breath. cars do hurt our enviroment and green houses. by the gas and pollution we put into the world by just driving our cars around isnt any safter as if we got into a car crash. everytime we drive cars or take the bus we just hurt our planet, plants, and people a little more and more. just by this fact alone people should know that driing cars around everywhere is a giant disadvantage. it would be an advantage to limit car usage because cars make everyone pay large amounts of money just to be called a carowner. from spending all this money and being fined over stuff people do believe isnt fair most people in fact do stress themself out over this which is not healthy for anyone. another fact abput limiting cars is that it would indeed improve our saftey not one for us people but for our enviroement too.