driverless cars are coming out really close to use! i think they will be a really good advantege because they can be helpful for disabled people, they can help get around serorityold people and a really good advantege for people that hate driving during the night part of the day and even for long trips. i wouldnt consider myself as a person agenst or with the driveless cars, because in my point there are good and bad things about these cars. would you trust a driveless car to drive you around? places like florida, nevada, california, and direct columbia have let people drive these cars around there city because they believe that they would be able to work and would like to be know for were the car was used at. acorrding to the book it says that the law belives that more states will follow as soon as the cars are aproved and safe. automakers are continuing on fixing the problem that are willing to be solved be for they are aproved. the bmw company has tried to make a driveless car but can out different from what they expected. the driveless cars are not that bad, i mean the help you drive around. they icluded a gps, a dubbed lidar for a d car surrounding. the have also reduced the engine power and applyed brakes on the individual wheel which allows better respones and contral then a human diver could. the bmw company made a car close being to the driveless car, the car can function up to mph but has a sersor made to make sure that the driver keeps hold of the wheel. in fact the car can steer, it can accelerate and brake by its self but it is also desigined to navigate the road ahead to tell the driver when it requires human skilld, it will navigate working zones and even accidents. so most of these cars still requiere human skills and are not ready yet have earned the driveless car name. some cars have considered using carmeras to watch that the drive is focued on the road. the gm has requested vibrating seats for the driver, which could be a bad idea to put in a driveless car that they dont even know if it is ready to work on its own without kill or having someone injurd yet. most of the thing included to the cars can be displayed but something not avalible to the drive is texting will drive that is a system featured of the safty. driveless cars sound like a fun thing to try out but well never find out if its really safe to use, even when they announce it and say it is. i still think there is a good side and a bad side to it because the only word to know about something and to test it is if its same for us to trust. most companys like nissan, mercedes, benz, audi have said that they would have a car that can drives themselves by , but i would belive that mercedes would have a driveless car ready by , but would behard to belive in right? we just have to wait and find about till car companys have more progress and information for us about the cars, which i hope soon because i would really like to try out this drivelss car, wouldnt you like to try it out?