you should participate in the seagoing cowboys program. the program will allow you to experience many different adventures and go to many unique and eccentric places. one time my friend, don reist, and i went to new orleans after the pacific war had ended. we boarded the ss charles w. wooster, and we headed to greece with the cargo of  horses with enough oats and hay to feed them. that was my first order, and i had fun. the cattleboat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a smalltown boy, such as myself. besides getting to help others, i had the side benefit of getting to see europe and china. when i first went to greece, i saw the acropolis. i had also toured an excavated castle in crete, and i marveled at the panama canal on my way to china. see, there are many adventures you can take on side of joining the seagoing cowboys program. one time when i was going to china, it took about two weeks to cross the atlantic ocean from the eastern coast of the united states and a month to get to china. caring for the animals during the crossings always kept me busy. the animals had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. stalls had to be cleaned. luckily for me, helping my aunt katie out on her farm as a boy had prepared me for hard work, just not for the dangers of the sea. as another example, if you had the experience i did of helping on the farm you have been slightly prepared with hard work. one dark rainy night, after making my hourly report to the captain, i slid down a slippery ladder on my backside. my heart raced as i shot my feet torward an opening on side of the ship. the only thing keeping me from falling overboard into the deep, dark, and dangerous atlantic ocean was a small strip of metal along the edge. i was really happy to still be alive. but, i couldnt work for a couple of days because of some cracked ribs. ill admit it, there some dangers working as a seagoing cowboy. but, the people there really look after you, and they care about you. being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for me. participating in the program opened up a whole new world for me. i am really grateful for the opportunity. the program helped make me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. that awareness stayed with me, leading my family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years.