my position on driverless cars is that im against with the driverless cars, because in paragraph  it said that its waiting on the law. it talks about that most laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, but what if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? it going to take forever to figure out to se who fault it is, because  is going to be driver he didnt react fast enough and didnt try to stop it or just becasue is the owners car is going to be the owner fault in paragrpah  said that manufacturers are considering putting cameras to watch drivers to remaining focused on the road, but there going to be some people that are going to agruement about privary with the camera in the car. manufacturer is going to be there fault for not checking the technology to see if they will work. that something tht the supreme court or court doesnt what to go through. it sounds like a good idea to help the environment, would you less fossil fuel but there are still risk that can happen with the technology. the introduction of this article about driverless cars are coming talks about how if you can see the future where no one buys cars. well the google cofounder sergey brin is trying to do see the future with public transportation system that are driveless. sensing the world in the late s general motors created a car that could run on a special test track, but how is it going to help in the open road with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car on each highway that the only why that car would be able to run. in the the smart road systems it worked but they need a lot of upgrades to existing roads, something that is to much to pay for. without the smart road there is no driverless car on the road. driving or assisting is talks about the antilock brakes and driver assistance still seem a long way from the dream calling a cab that is driverless, but in the article driverless cars are coming to that  bmw said that had devloped a system called the traffic jam assistant that it help the car be handle driving the right speed up to  miles per hour. it the system makes the drive keeps its hand on the steering wheel. on the driverless car they can do is they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but they have not meet the human skills, like driving through work zones and around accidents.