i think that driverless cars are a good idea for tjhe majority of the time, but there are some people who will try and abuse the power of a driverless car. there were many negatives to using a driverless car like who is at fault when a accident occurs or who would want to drive a driverless car. i will tell you my argument for why i strongly believe that driverless cars are not so much of a good idea. for my frist reason evin if there are some catious drivers in the u.s. there are more uncatious drivers than catious drivers. if we have driverless smart cars then people will be put at more risk then when they were manually operating of their vehicle. also what if a malfunction occurs and one or more drivers or pedestrians get hurt then, who is at fault the driver or the manufactuer? says the article and i would believe that the manufactuer would be at fault but one would say otherwise. my next reason is that a lot of driving laws would be altered or changed and more laws would be added. that is a big time consuming process and development would change every year with new designs, and other things of the sorts. with changing or adding laws people will start to loose their intrest in the car and look for something new in a manually operated vehicle. most people would try and say that it is worth the wait but why wait for new technology that could malfucntion without alerting the driver like it says in the article about the development of the driverless car. my final reason is that it is a big waste of money and could hurt one or more if not developed with the right technology and the right safety percaution are taken. the article says that there would be considerations of flashing lights in the windshield and this could be a big hazard because it could possabliy blind the driver also it could distract on coming traffic. the reason this would be a big waste of money is because if one were to get in a accident then there driverless car is completely totaled and rendered useless. also with all the new features that would be added the cost of the car would be doubled most likely so this would be a very exspensive purchase for most who even considered trying the new technology. in conclusion i have said for the most part a driverless car is pretty useful in many ways, but if you think about the big key which is safety then you would have to reconsider your choice. even with the fact the car will be equip with many ways to alert the driver when it is time for them to take control it would just not work with the safety standards of most people. so really it all falls back on safety, so this is why i strongly believe that driverless cars are not a good idea.