in the article driverless cars are coming the author gives us positive information and negative information. different people are going to have different opinons on driverless cars. some may think it is a good idea while some may think that it is a bad idea. there is no right or wrong answer. it is based on your personal opinion on what you think of driverless cars. i believe that it is kind of dumb to have driverless cars. there are many bad things that can happen with them such as safety hazards, unattentiveness while driving and accidents that may occur with them. driverless cars are not a good idea to me. when you drive you always have to be attentive. driving is already not the safest thing in the world. there is always people walking out in front of you, animals running out in front of you and many other things. if you get a car that can drive for you there is bound to be something bad to happen. a computer is all that the car is. computers go down all the time in the world and they shut down. what if your car happened to stop working in the middle of the highway where the speed limit is seventyfive miles per hour. there would be many accidents happening if that was the case. there is a positive thing about them though they can help you if you have children in the backseat. if they are acting up and you put your car on autopilot then you can get them to quit arguing. but still it is a very dangerous idea. no way would i trust a car to be able to drive me places when i barely trust myself driving me places. so i dont believe that these cars are one hundred percent safe. i think that there are many safety hazards that they could bring. i also think that driveless cars are a bad idea because no matter what you have to be attentive. if you look away to the side for three seconds and your driving, your car is already the that side of the road. i believe that if there is going to be television and stero systems in these cars, that people are not going to be paying attention to the road, they are going to be paying attention to the televsion or whatever may be on in theirr car. when i drive i listen to the stero and it distracts me when a good song comes on. i could not imagine what i would be like if i had a television in my car. the good side about these driverless cars with televsion in them is that if you are going on a long road trip with your family and you want to watch televison you could. i know that when i take long road trips i wish that i could bond with the person that is driving. so it would be a good thing for families that had little ones. if the little kids were getting cranky then they could cuddle up next to mommy or daddy or whoever may be driving. but again the driver would not be attentive or aware of there surrroundings if that was to happen. they would probably fall asleep if they were relaxing to much and dozed off. finally i believe that these cars can cause many highway or country road accidents. for example, if a family was watching a movie and their was a sudden stop on the road they are most likely going to run right into that person in front of them. if it is a sudden stop there is no way a computer can see that and slam on the brakes. if it could do that though, the person behind the car would probaly get ran into. like i have said in the beginning all this car is, is a computer. i mean my computer goes down so many times in a day. i would not rely on a computer made car for the life of me. there are already so many accidnets that happen when people are driving, there is no need to add a computer made car and let it make accidents to. i think that for a car to be completely driverless or ninty percent driveless is ridiculous. on the plus side of this if a car that was driveless did happen to work then it would come in handy for long trips on the road. if there was a actual car that got tested and it could go on for hundreds of thousands of miles and not wreck now that would be pretty amazing. but in my opinon i do not think that there is a car that is capable of being able to do that. a car takes human assistance to drive and if it all technology no way could it work effectively. there is going to be accidents if cars become ninty perfect driveless or any percent driveless this concludes my opinion on driveless cars. i think that they would be a very neat invention but i do not believe for one second that they would work all the tie one hundred percent. i have been driving for a year now and have already been in accidents because i was not paying attention. so i know that being a human and driving is already complicated enough, i do not believe that a computer could handle it. i know that companies are trying their best to make this become an actual thing in the world but i dont think that it is belivable. i think that they could make them, i just do not believe that they would work that great. i am with the idea that there is no way driveless car is even imaginable. so with the facts i have presented here i am sticking to my topic that driveless cars are the most ridiculous thing that i have ever heard of.