in the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is worth it because we still dont have enough information to explain others about it. the people that go to it can gain more information, tell us how things are, how things move, and how they see things that are different from earth. one reason people should go to explore venus it to discover how the weather is there. in the passage it said that venus is one of the brightest point of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. this is not abnormal for a planet that is second from the sun. i imagine that it would be really hot because if earth is hot venus is nine times more, which would be around  degrees fahrenheit. another reason is that you can go to venus to see how to surface is transformed. the scientist said long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supposted various forms of life, just like earth. this means you have the danger of stepping into something that you dont even know if its going to be ground or water with grass that makes it look like land. you can also be an danger because you dont know if the surface is really hot or cold. my final reason on how the author supports the idea stuying is worhty but danger is because people can check how techonology is there, or maybe if they have more advance technology then there is in earth. for example it said  another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers that gives them an idea of how smart technology was in venus. another example was  modern computers are enormouslwy powerful, flexible , and quick , but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical condition. this means that the technology is good it just depends on the nature things like weather. those are reason on why the author suggest why people should go visit venus although it might be dangerous, people also want to learn more about it but we dont have enough information because people dont go explore venus.