using the technology called the facial action coding system is not useful to students if a student wants anyone else know how heshe is feeling the student will allow it, theres no reason why a student should have them forced out of them. if a student is in the subject of photography or painting anything artistic facs would be very useful indeed, but if a student has no interest in any part of it they will not take it serious. now someone who is starting a business or wants to pursue a sream and be a great artist such as leanardo da vinci they will find facs helpful, imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad, for example if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen a smiliar ad might follow. it will allow them to see how a client feels about the artists work or how theyre feeling that day maybe its not a good day to take photos or such. the work that goes into facs is great the ways they compare a persons facial muscles to a photo with no emotion to simply see the difference that much easier. taking anatomy would be such a good help if intrested and to make it way easier to figure out a persons facial changes that much eaiser. studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey a specific emotions. facs a good project that was developed but it has no big use for students, their feelings shouldnt be forced if youre doing something for the student they should go ahead and be open about it most human communication is nonverbal, including emotinal communication. allow someone to see how they truly feel. an artist could get their feelings hurt by working with a client and then seeing how they truly feel about their work or about doing the project. you cant really just get emotions from someone with a quick snapshot you really have to put work in taking the photo so you get their true emotions. facs is a great project for someone in the industry of art not everyone wants to know how a person feels based on a photo, i would say, i am against the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions. making mona lisa smile by nick dalto