the auhtor begins with information about earths twin, known as venus, has been a scientific question for decades. one of the brightest points of light in the sky and somewhat the closest planet to earth looks and proximity wise, is in fact venus. venus may be very easy to see from a long distance, but the closer you get the more danger you are in. there are manyreasons on why scientists and astronomers keep going back to venus and attempting after many fails. considering that venus is sometimes, depending on the speed in which venus orbits the sun, the closest planet there are hardships on why humans cant land a spacecraft on it. sending a spacecraft to venus has been done numerous times, but not one survived more than just a few hours. this issue has caused nasa to be discouraged and havent sent a spacecraft in over three decades.  each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours paragraph. this is just one reason on why venus is a very challenging planet for humans to study. the author states that venus atmosphere holds clouds made of sulfuric acid which is highly corrosive, melting most metals into liquid. on the surface, tempatures are over  degrees fahrenheit as an average. venus has the hottest surface tempature in our whole solar system. the air pressure is  times in what we experience on our own planet. these condiotions are far more worse than what an average person encounters on earth, let alone a professional astronaut. venus environment alone could combust a submarine made to withstand the deepest parts of our oceans. the author also says that venusian weather and geology have presented additional information such as erupting volcanoes, frequent lightening strikes, and powerful earthquakes. so why does the author think that studying venus is worth these dangers? the author found that scientists are discussing further visits to venus becasue once a long time ago venus might have been home to various forms of life. the planet holds a surface of rocky terrain and similar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. given the long time frames of space travel, venus is the nearest option, yet still isnt safe enough.  the value of returning to venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive?  paragraph . nasa brought forth a very compelling idea for sending humans to venus in order to study the planet. nasas solution is for humans to hover above venus harsh ground conditions at  or so miles above the landscape. temperatures will still be at a whopping  degrees fahrenheit, and air pressure similar to sea level on earth. not easy but survivable for humans, this is the best idea nasa could provide. although seeing venus from a blimp like ship hovering safely above the planet would provide only limited insight on ground conditions, because some forms of light cannot penetrate venus dense atmosphere. as well as sight, astronauts cannot take samples from  plus miles in the air of the gas, rocks, or soil. despite these hardships, nasa is formulating other approaches to studying venus. the author provided examples on their ideas such as simple electronics made of silicone carbide have been put in a chamber simulating the chaotic nature of venus, and survived at least three weeks in these conditions. in conclustion the author supported this idea very well, and had a lot of information about the hardships and ideas formulating our jpurney to study venus. i think that we will find the answer someday and unlock the many secrets that venus harsh conditons and unfriendly nature have kept hidden for so long.  our travels on earth snd beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation  paragraph