the author supports his idea that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers very clearly and effectivly. he supports his idea by stating how much its like earth but its corroive atmosphere, weather, and the atmospheric pressure are to extreme for humans to encounter with. he then talks about nasa plans to approach venus and how at one point it may have had oceans,mountains, and varous life forms like earth. the author states venus is often reffered to as earths twin because it is the closest in terms of size and density, and sometimes in distance. when venus is closest to us, humans have sent many different spacecrafts there to explore the planet. each of the ships were unmanned since every landing was terminated after a few hours. this was due to the dangerous environment of venus. the author also states thst venus has a very harsh and inhospitable environment. its atmosphere is  percemt carbon dioxide and they are highly corrosive with sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. venuss surface on average is over  degrees fahrenheit. he talks about the planets atmospheric pressure is  times greater than earths. the author also states what type of weather the planet offers which is said to be erupting volcanos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. the author then asks a question to himself if the planet is so inhospitable why is nasa still wanting to take visits to its surface. the author answers back by saying the astronomers are fascinated by vesus because it may well once been the most earth like planet in our solar system. the author says long ago venus was probable covered in oceans and could support life forms similiar to earth. venus is said to stilll have some features that are analogoous to those of earth. the author states that nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions would alow scientists to float above the harsh surface although the tempertures would still be hot but the air pressure would be closest to sea level on earth. thus stating all support of his research of venuss dangers and possible history he supports his main idea to us without confusion and going off topic. he states clearly what his purpose and idea was.