my dream job was to become a scientist. i finally accomplished my goal, but it was a lot of hard work. being a scientist is not an easy job! i had learned about unmasking the face on mars, and now i have to interview with mrs. sally backbone because she thinks the face was created by aliens when i beg to differ! ms. breadwill here to do an interview with mrs. backbone, because she thinks unmasking the face in mars was made by aliens. ive did some research and i have all the answers to your questions mrs. backbone. lets get started!  few scientist believe the face was an alien artifact and i think they are right said mrs. backbone.  well your certainly not wrong mrs. backbone, but cheif jim garvin told us  we photographed the face as soon as we could get a good shot at it, plus what about in the years of  and . replied ms. breadwill. i immedeitly showed mrs. backbone the photos that were taken in the year of  and in the year of  and she was speechless. mrs. backbone had another question for ms. breadwill me. i told mrs. backbone to let all the questions she needed to answer be said. mrs. backbone told me that the face on mars was located at  degrees south martain latitude. ms. breadwill shook her head and replied  your wrong, because the scientists and i studied and found out that the face on mars is located at  degrees north martain latitude. mrs. backbone was once again speachless and i think i seen her roll her eyes.  mrs. backbone how are you feeling? ms. breadwill commented. mrs. backbone simpliy sighed and said  can we move on to the last question? mrs. backbone had one more question, and i was hoping it wasnt too hard since i have been answering all her questions correctly. mrs. backbone said,  the face is not a natural landform and i still believe there is an alien monument. i sighed and told her she was wrong once again. she yelled  how?! i simpliy told her on april ,  when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, micheal malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing... a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. i also told her on april , a cloudless summer day in cydoniamars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. they had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view. she asked me was that all? ms. breadwill told mrs. backbone one last thing and it was  what the picture actually shows is the martain equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. mrs. backbone had all her questions answered, so i believe that my work here is done! i am ms. breadwill,and i am a scientist at nasa. if you need questions answered about the face on mars, then i am the one to help you. i will answer all your questions whether they are easy or very difficult. i believe i am the best scientist in all america.