as the world develops and time goes forward, technology is advancing by the year. from cell phones to gaming devices, every piece of technology is getting better and better. one piece of technology is also getting better as years go on, and that is space techonolgy and transportation. nasa has created an idea to be able to live close to the hosstile conditions of venus in which, people would live on blimplike vehicle over the planet itself. venuss climate and terrain might be an issue to the growing pursuit that people and companies like nasa are making towards travilling to venus. thats not to say that the study and travel towards the planet can have pros and cons. the weather on venus is more perilous than anything we could think about on earth. in paragraph  of the challenge of exploring venus, the author states, even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. with the facts of how dangerous it is on venus, it is insane to think of anyone who would want to travel to and study the planet of venus. on the other hand, nasa and the author of the challenge of exploring venus, think the study of venus is a worthy pursuit. in paragraph  of the challenge of exploring venus, the author says, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well one have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system...furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit.. while the conditions of our neighboring planet, venus, seem to outweigh the history of the symetry that our planets once were exploration and the study of venus might be a worthwhile cause. even without the traveling to venus, companies and astrologist can still learn a great deal about the atmosphere of venus without putting their lives at risk. in the concluding paragraph of the challenge of exploring venus, the author breifly talks about how studying the planet of venus can benefit the intellingence of our world. the author states in paragraph , striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the authors opinion in the article could possibly be spoton. with the challenges of trying to gain access to venuss surface, the united states, as well as several other countries, have expanded their technological advances. with everything being said and done, exploration and the studying of venus has major pros and cons. the pros being that with the challenge of venuss surface, technology has advance to the point where one day, humans may be able to travel to the hostile planet. the cons of course being the temperature, pressure, terrain, and atmospher of the planet we are so desperately trying to travel to. travel should not just be expanded to neighboring planets with the topic of space travel being more popular than ever, human can start the new era of space travel.