the big debate is wether we should use automated cars that are operated without a use of a driver controling it. i believe that this may be the way to create driving easier and safer for everyone. driverless cars are going to be a great thing if the big companies like google and general motors keep developing this concept of a car drving on its own. the whole idea of having a car drive on its own just seems like a dream. well in todays world we already have driverless cars in use in states like california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia. i believe that this is a big long term plan. it isnt just going to change in a year or two, this process in going to take time to develop. in todays world there are car wrecks that happen every single day, but what if we could stop the amount of wrecks with automated cars that sense danger and bring down the percent of wrecks a day. if we would be able to do this, it would make it safer to be on the roads and the streets not having to worry about other cars crashing into you. now there are a lot of people that are highly against this idea. they believe that it will take to long. that we should trust our instincts while driving. another thing is this process would have to be allowed by the law and government. i have to argue that this going to take a long time to covert everything for automated cars, and yes it will be expensive for the starting years. think about it long term, everyday we use up natural rescources of our planet. scienctists say that there are only so many natural resources and that we need to start conserving these resources. cars fill up for gas everyday and use up these resources. googles cofounder sergey brin envisions that these automated cars will use half the fuel of regular cars today. that is a big difference and it will save us in the long run.these car can keep a safer environment for people. the humans cant rely on one another while driving. too many people die every year in car crashes because someone was drinking too much or had some impairment while driving. just think, the automated cars cant get drunk and swerve into another car. when this discussion comes up later in life remember this. these cars can hold the key for more resources in the future, and make it safe to be on the roads again. be on the side of this argument that can make a difference in todays world and society.