the author gives good reasons on why we should explore venus. heshe describes the environmental hazards of the planet in order to explain to us on how nasa can explore and research it more. the author gives reasons on why we should take the risk to explore venus such as it being closest to earth, has potential for an earthlike atmoshphere, and can be a good use of planetary visit in the future. according to the article, venus is the the closest planet to earth after mars but that is depending on where we are when orbiting around the solar system. often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance toovenus . this part of the article is what describes the fact that it is similar to earth. the planet is our neighbor, which makes it easier so that we wouldnt have to use tons of time, energy, and money on something that is too many light years away. the author gives info on how venus may have some earthlike features which would be good so that we can use it as a secondary planet if something goes horribly wrong with earth somehow. venus has been reported to have similar structures such as valleys, mountains, craters, and even potential ocean life. the planet even has weather and similar natural disasters like earth such as volcanoes, earthquakes, and even lightning stikes. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surfacevenus . these are just some of the reasons the author gives on what potential venus could have. finally, the author thinks that venus would be a good backup planet to earth, but it would be difficult to claim the land as ours and so that we could live there without any type of circumstances. the author also gives reasons on why it would be difficult to explore and find a way to live on this planet. but, it would give nasa a challenge on figuring out on what type of innovations they can make up. the author says on paragraph ,nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their wayvenus . these reasons alone can convince the reader that exploring and studying this planet would be worth the hard work and effort put into the inventions. the author could have given some reasons on why another planet to live would be worth that much work, but they did a good job otherwise. the author has given good reasons and claims that made his or hers article convcing for the most part. they had evidence that can convince us and give us high hopes on what nasa could benifit from. the author wants us to explore venus because it is closest to earth, has potential for an earthlike atmoshphere, and can be a good use of planetary visit in the future.