studying venus is a worthy pursuit. studying venus is a worthy pursuit because it is speculated to have been the most similar to earth, studying it can be done at reasonable expectations, and combatting the difficulty of studying venus will have great benefits to our knowledge on the planet itself and space exploration. it has long been a conspiracy yet to be proven as to if venus is one of our known sister planets that are the most similar to earth today. space explorers long ago predicted that venus was likely covered with large oceans and had the potential to possibly support multiple forms of life. without an indepth study of venus at a close and personal view, nothing can be predetermed factually. in paragraph four the author explains that it venus may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this shows that the possibility is there but without extra measures taken to pursue an indepth study, the question remains unanswered as to if venus is a sister planet of earth. while an upclose, indepth view of venus is not predictable due to the harsh environment, nasa has found potential ways to make exploration dueable to an extent. in paragraph five, the author states that nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions of the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. this helps widen the idea that exploration of venus can be done and met at a reasonable expectation and limit safe for explorers. the author proceeds to state that while the conditions are not particularly easy they are survivable for humans. this helps detail and push for the idea of the exploration of venus because it is and has been discovered that the study can be done safely. the overall study of venus can prove to be extremely beneficial to our knowledge on the planet alone, and our knowledge on space exploration at most. in paragraph eight, it is stated that striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value. in which it does, combatting the challenge of venus proves to be tough, but if done, it can mean more to the exploration of other planets that are tougher than venus alone. further in paragraph eight, it is said that travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. once we begin to limit our exploration and discoveries due to the dangers and doubts, we take away from our progression of knowing what is out of our way. with the study of venus we can extend our doings to meet every innovation and curiosity about our solar system all together. studying venus is worth the pursuit despite the dangers it presents. with the study of venus we can determine if venus is a sister planet of our planet today, and if the planet was once inhabitable for organisms and humans. studying venus is also worth the pursuit because the study can be done, and if the study is done, it will benefit us far more than the study of any other planet has yet to. the study of venus will bring our knowledge and our future immense benefits in all aspects.