today i will be disscusing the the different aspects about driverless cars. in the first paragraph i will be talking specifically about the postive aspects of driverless cars. in paragraph two im going talk about the negative effects on the situation. for our third body paragrapgh ill be introducing the cofounder sergey brin says that he foresees that wed use half of the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility then a bus. in , bmw announced that these driverless cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but they all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. mercedes benz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by ! the cars that google has had since  have driven more than half a million miles without a single crash. they alert drivers when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. one negative question i have for these driverless cars is, whats the point of having these cars if you still need a driver? new laws will be needed in order to cover liabilty in case of an accident. if technology fails and someone gets injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? this requires human skills which means humans have to be alert at all time in case of emergency. these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads. in s automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. these sensors are in need of improvements so that these driverless cars can be capable to handle more of the driving task that can lead to dangerous accidents. the  cars had become more advanced to detect respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. in the end these cars just need a lot of sensors so they can sense when things are about to occur. today ive talked about three different preview points. in the first body paragraph i talked about the positive upside of the driverless cars. in the second paragraph i had a dicussion about negative effects on driverless cars. with my third body paragraph i ended with talking about smarter cars and their sensors. i really hope youve enjoyed the conversation about these so called driverless cars coming in the future!