living on a different planet would be something amazing. getting to see new enviorments and see new things. that may be why scientist are trying to study venus. venus is filled with things that show that it once was livable. some even say that it can be the earths twin beacuse of the similiarites they have. but its also very difficult to be able to study venus because of conditions that make it use impossible to be there.which can be a major setback for people. but if they succeed it can be a big deal heres why. venus shows many similarities to earth. some people even consider them to be twin planets. we know this because according to the article on paragraph  it states often referred to as earths  twin. venus is the closest plant to earth i terms of denisty and size. this shows us that their just consider as twins but they also show similiar size and density. which concludes why they are consider twins because of their size. this also shows many more similar things to earth such as what it has on the planet. eath has valleys,oceans,moutains, and craters. well venus is considerd to have these millions of years ago. we can confirm this because from the text on paragraph  it states venus still has soe featyres that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains and craters. from this information we can pick out some key simliarties that show that venus once had these things that earth also has. once nasa found out about these things on venus they wanted to explore the planet. so nasa decided to launch nurmerous spacecraft to venus once the plant would get closer to earth. but each spacecraft was unmanned, we know this because if look back into the text you can see in paragraph  it states each pervious mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. from that we can pick out to thing. nasa have tried to land multiple aircrafts on the planet and that the plant was impossible to land on. the reason the planet was impossible to land on was because the planet  degrees. which made very difficult to land on. we know this is true beacuse accorinding the passage it states  on the planets surface, temperatures averager over  degrees fahrebheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. from this information we can see how it is very challenging for nasa to land on venus. in conclusion i think studying venus can be worth it beacuse it shows great potential.it also shows lots of possibilities for human life to be on it. just beacuse of the extreme weather conditions doesnt mean we shouldnt be able to explore it. it can lead to another world that we can discover. this is why i think we should study venus .