over twentyfive years ago a face was spotted that looked almost like an egyptian pharaoh, but was soon found out that this was just another mesa in the cydonia region. once this was seen by alien theortists though, they really believe it was made by aliens, but heres my reasoning why they are wrong. when the face was first spotted by nasas viking  spaceship, in , the scientists in the jet propulsion lab were amazed by what they saw. though it was only a little while when the scientists figured out it was just another martian mesa, but the shadows around it gave it the illustion of a face. once this was released to the public not my people believe it was a mesa. the alien theortists said, the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. even when the defenders of nasa said, wish there was an ancient civilzation on mars. this still did not make the alien theortists want back down. years later, in , michael malin photographed the face with his mar orbiter camera. this picture was ten times sharper than the viking photos years before. soon thousands of people were waiting for the face to appear, but when it did, it was shown to be a natural landform, no alien formation. even when shown this, many alien theortists said that the clouds were blocking the alien markings. in , mars global surveyor took a picture of the face. there is no excuses on whether or not this is a mesa or an alien formation. the sky was clear, the picture was . meters per pixel, than the viking fourtythree meters per pixel. there is not argument that this a natural landform. even if there was something as big as the egyptian pyramids or as small as a shack, you whould be able to tell what it was in a picture like this. after that picture was taken jim garvin said,it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain in idaho. also, he said, thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated measa about the same hieght as the face on mars. this is proof on whether or not the face is a natural landform. after the first sighting in  to the lastes picture taken in , the face on mars is clearly a natural landform, not a alien formation.