ever wanted to go live on a diffrent planet scientist feel as though venus conditons are good enough for people to soon be occupiants on the planet,but according to the passage they have alongway to go in way of technology and traportation and the controlloing of the harsh conditions in the beginning,the author states that  these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. the passage also states that astronomers are fasinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. it is evident that the author is trying to suggest that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dsangers it presents because scientists and nasa want to try to find a way on the planet without touching it dangerous ground. nasa has come of with an idea as such as having hovering cars or a blimplike vehicle hovering over venus for closer obsevations. and many scientists have said if they could could get the temputure to around  degress fahrenheit the it would be survivble for humans. in addition f the author feel as though the scientists should not continue to do these expiriments or the test visits because of all the dangers and the safety risks of trying to get inform on venus. according to the passage, the temputure can get to a high of  degrees or more!, and the atmosphere has a  blankets of cabon dioxide covering it. also, the atmosperic pressure is about times greater than what we expirence on earth. the passage states, these conditions are far more extreme than what we are used to. the article also decribes venus as closet to the sun which is another good reason why not to keep exploring because the harshness of the weathe and the harsh stoms and weather that venus expirence. in conclusion, scientists and nasa and other organizations who are trying to come into contact or reach venus should not bceause of weather conditions and condtions that arent meant for humans. not only are the condtions bad but the atmosphre is,including the  carbon dioxide blackets covering venus. also the passage states that,nasa is still work on a new and more efficent way to reach venus such as a electronis made of silicon caride chamber. and another plan is to rewind bac k in time to use a stategie called mechanicle computers used in the s. it is evident that scientists should not exlore venus anymore because of its harsh conditions and bad weather and the poisionous air and harsh storms that occur on venus. would you like to vist venus one day with these harsh conditons?