driverless cars sound amazing right ? in the st century you have many different people trying to create some type of new technology to make peoples everyday lives to be much easier. how safe is the driverless car going to be ? is the car going to help you stay safe at all times? people have gotten really close to making car to where it doesnt need a drive to drive it. driverless cars may sound cool but are they really useful? in the text it states that  they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the car can only do so much without a human having to come in and take over. the car has certain features that it can do all by itself but it is always going to need a human to do most of the task. i do not feel like the cars should be made to drive themselves. if an accident were to happen there would be no one to put the blame on because you have a car that can drive itself but then you have a driver in the driver seat. in the text it specifically states  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or manufacturer?.since there is no one to put the blame on the person is just going to be injured and is not going to know how they are going to make it if no one is responslibe for the accident. in conclusion the driverless cars should not be made because they arent really useful. in the text it says  why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?. if the car cant drive itself there is no point of the car being made. if its called a driverless car then why does it need a driver when accidents are near or while they are driving through work zones? the cars would just honestly waste everyones time because they are not what they say they are. in the text it also states  this means the human driver must be alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. the car will never be able to drive with out a drive in the car to help get it out of certain situations like a traffic jam , accident or etc.