driverless cars are right around the corner according to driverless cars are coming. everyday scientists and engineers are coming up with better techniques and programs for the cars of the future. these driverless cars, once they are fully driverless, can benifit mankind. driverless cars can benifit everyone. there are lots of car crashes everyday in big cities, but google had made a car that can drive independently under certain conditions that can go half a million miles without a crash. if the technology gets better, people will not have to lay a finger on the steering wheel at all. there would not be as many drunk people causing car accidents if there was a fully driverless car because they will not have control of the vehicle. i am ready to see a driverless car because if this car really does happen, then the roads will be a lot safer than what they are now. safety is a big issue with a lot of states and some of them will not let any driverless cars be tested there. manufacturers think that once they prove to the states that this car is safe on the road, then those states will support the use of driverless cars. once the car is proved to be reliably safe, then some of the driving laws will have to be changed in order to keep up with the technology. technology will keep advancing, making these new cars even better than before. driverless cars can be a good thing to the world, but there are aften some downsides to advancing technology. if some of these cars are made to run off of electricity and you forgot to plug it in to charge, then they could die and you will end up stuck somewhere. there are a lot of people that like the old ways of life without all of the technologies and will end up boycotting the car. some technologies need to be more developed before being exposed to the public. even with the advancing technologies and the downsides that they have, i think driverless cars would be a good thing for everyone. they seem to be safer than people themselves while driving. there will be less car crashes than if people were to drive and that will result in less death. technology is good, but this car is better than what is on the roads now and is becoming better as time goes on.