venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents and the author supports this idea by stateing how earth like it is and how even thought there is a mass of co and the clouds of highly corosive sulfuric acid and tht the planted is on average  degrees fahrenheit they still belive that we can live ther because it is our nearest planet to earth and could at onew point be our backup planet. they also want to study it for its land feature valleys, mountains, and crater. nasa has found out how to send humans to study the surface of venus, venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. nasa imagine a blimplike vehicle hovoring  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. it wont work due to the fact that it will still be at a tosty  degrees farenheit they could still do it, the air preasure would be close to that of sea level on earth and solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed that of earth levels. it is survivable for humans. alothough venus may not seam like the best planet to live on one day it might be the only planet to live on if we keep poluting the planet we have now and not take and helping our planet out of its situation. nasa does say that  human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginationand innovation. life as we know it will one day end and by exploring these new planets we may have somewhere else to go if our earth decides to regect us as humans due to our events of life and destruction we have done to it. by the time that we may have to leavecomputers may be more advanced and scientist may figure out how to make humnas live without oxygen but for the meantime we need to take care of the earth that we have so our species and others to come may use this beautiful planet and treat it better than we have. venus is known as the twin to earth due to is closeness tho earth in terms of density and size. earth, venus, and mars, our other planetary neighbo, orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mean that some times we are lcoser to mars and other times venus. mars is another planet that we plan to look into moving mars has beter living conditions but not a lot of plaants but it dies have ice and water inside it but mars has a very large nebula large huricane of gasses that is quite dangerous for human life. thank you for reading, student_name