dear senator, i believe that the united states deserves someone who will lead this country to do the right thing, to make independent choices, and to be the best version of ourselves we can be every day. now, how do we know when choosing a leader to represent us if thats what we will acheive when voting? we dont for sure, but we can make judgements and calls that will give us a better understanding to whom we are choosing. one of the biggest fought over rights was the right to vote, in which everyone wanted. now that we have that vote, we should be able to use that freedom and have a say in who we want to represent us. therefore, i think we should change the election to popular vote for the president of the united states rather than relying on the electoral college. the electoral collge consists of  electors and a majority of  electoral votes are required to elect the president. each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. the electors are generally chosen by the candidates political party and given their own says and responsibilities. that being said, i think that getting rid of the electoral college will eliminate all biased decisions and will create more freedom and responsibilities for the people of the u.s. to use their own judgement and choose who they think will best represent the country. being in the electoral college and being selected to have a heavy say in who will be chosen is a big responsibilty and in that responsibility are duties to not only look at each candidate with one mind set and one point of view but to make an unbiased judgement. to make an unbiased call would mean to put away all your own thoughts and judgements and really get a good understanding of who the people truly need. back in , it states that segregationists in the louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose john f. kennedy. how can we tell that something like this will not happen again? well if we choose to keep the electoral college it very well could and the people of the country would not be making decisions for themselves as well. most worrying comes from the fear of a tie, in which the election would be thrown to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. because each state casts only one single vote. that single vote from wyoming representing , voters could have as much say as the  representatives from california who represent  million voters. so therefore the election is really only a few swing voters away from a disaster. because of the winnertakeall system, candidates really dont spend time campaigning in states they think they have no chance of winning, really only focusing on the bigger states with more votes. this is also unfair because then the people with the right to vote do not get a say in who they want to represent their country. the electoral college really takes away many rights and freedoms to the people of the u.s. and doesnt give us the chance to have a say. studies even show that  percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now! as well as having such a biased voting system, this is such an unfair system due to the fact the the popular vote winner could loose because of the electoral college voters. this would be a very bad decision to keep the electoral college especially if these electoral voters have had their decision swayed by something. then we will have a president that is only the president because of some voters biased and unfair judgemented calls. if one electoral college voter has a certain view on a candidate, they could very well share that and somehow persuade the other voters decisions due to one persons thoughts and points of view on the candidate. one person can easily influence many peoples own judgements, which would cause them to choose poorly and only go under the pressure of that persons thoughts. the electoral college has so many cons which would make it such a bad decision to keep this system and go by a biased and unfair advantage. so i believe that the best thing for the u.s. voting system would be to abolish the electoral college and to keep the popular vote system so that everyone has their own say on who will acheive great things for our country. thank you for keeping my thoughts in mind, madison