in the article, the challenge of exploring venus, the author effectively supports the idea that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by arguing that it is the closest and most similar planet to earth and highlighting the strides made by nasa that would keep humans safe on venus. these two points are made in order to convince readers that the good outweighs the bad through logic and scientific discoveries. the author begins with the argument that venus is the most similar to earth. this is a good argument to make because it lowers the ambiguity which may cause those opposed some heartburn. the text reads, today, venus still has some features that are analogous to earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this provides insight into the physical makeup of venus that needs to be explored while showing that it has similar features to earth. they also mention that it is the closest planet to earth which lowers the amount of space travel. this could be a safer option as it would lessen the amount of complications on the way there that are caused by long periods of time. next, the author uses nasa to prove that exploration of venus would be safer due to scientific discoveries and manuevers. according to the text, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. from there the author acknowledges the shortcoming of that idea due to distance and lists out innovative technologies that could get closer to the surface, the first being a mechanical computer. the mechanical computer does not rely on technology and is made of material that could combat the intense heat of venus. this is an effective way of proving the claim because it provides one solution, acknowledges its faults, and provides another solution to remedy that. this does not leave room for an opposing arguement because the opposition work has already been done. lastly, the author makes an effort to appeal to the emotion of the reader. the author states, ...human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.. they claim that if we never explore venus due to doubt, then we can never explore other places that may give us some doubt as well. essentially, they claim that fear should not stop exploration. in the article, the challenge of exploring venus, the author makes the case for the exploartion of venus despite the dangers by using a number of arguments that appeal to readers both logically and emotionally. the author effectively supports the idea by using evidence from trusted sources, like nasa, and putting them together to make a logical arguement that could appeal to readers.