is a seagoing cowboy a real thing? people might think that it is just a silly pretend game, but it is actually a group of people that were hired by the unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration. the unrra was created to help the countries that were left in ruins by the end of world war ii, and the seagoing cowboys were hired to take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. since i was  i started crossing the atlantic ocean, helping the people of the world start a new life, and it felt amazing. so, would anyone join me along my adventure across the oceans, seas, and rivers of the mysterious earth? the seagoing cowboys is a great program that is helping the people of the world, and also serving your own country. like in the paragraph , of the article, a cowboy who rode the waves. luke turned  before arriving in greece, which meant he could be drafted for military service. when my draft board learned that i was on a cattlebout trip, they told me to just keep doing that for my service. being a seagoing cowboy, is an opportunity of a lifetime, like in paragraph , of the article, a cowboy who rode the waves. i say, besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. but seeing the acropolis in greece was special. also, in paragraph , i say, so was taking a gondola ride in venice, italy, a city with streets of water. as well as the work of hauling bales of hay and bags of oats up from the lower holds, and cleaning stalls, we had lots of fun on the trips we took together. in paragraph , in a cowboy who rode the waves. it states, the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where the animals had been housed. table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and gamed also helped padd the time. being a seagoing cowboy was special to me, helping people in need, serving my country, living an opportunity of a lifetime, and having fun while doing it. it only takes courage and bravery to sail the ocean as a seagoing cowboy. so, is anyone joining with me on my journey to europe as a seagoing cowboy?