the self driving car, it used to be a dream of the futre but is now a reality. as new technology appears, new distractions rise as well. the well beilng of people is important, especially while driving. therefore cars that can drive themselves are safer and more reliable. with the increase of self driving cars, it means the more they are tested and the safer they get. self driving cars are safer because they have sensors all around, that means that the car is fully aware of its surroundings and is constantly analizing what is going on around it, something most people dont do. the sensors used are not new, in the s, automaker used speed sensors at the wheel in the creation of antilock brakes driverless cars are coming,. since sensors are not new that means that there has been plenty of time to improve them and increase their safety. like people the sensors in self driving cars can, ...cause the car to apply bakres on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine driverless cars are coming,. but sensors can do that much quicker than people, which makes the car and driving much safer. self driving cars are much more relaible than most people. they are more reliable because the driverless cars are less likely to cause an accident. with new technology rising today, like smart phones, tablets, and computers, the amount of distracted drivers increase as well. but with the self driving cars people wont be as distracted and driving because the car itself would do most of the driving. also if there was a need for the driver to take over, there is plenty of ways to get the drivers attention like ...flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays driverless cars are coming, . the driverless cars are also reliable because the option of using cameras to make sure the driver is not distracted and focused on the rode is increasing, which is more reliable than just trusting that the person is paying attention to the road. the selfdriving cars can insure peoples safety with sensors. they are also more reliable by decreasing accidents by making sure the driver is paying attention. therefore by being safe with sensors, and reliable for peoples well being, driverless cars are a positive mode of transportation.