we have been fascinated on driverless cars since the late s.there is both pros and cons when it comes to the aspects of driverless cars. sergey the google cofunder envisions a futeer with a public transportation sysytem theat would use half the fuel of a taxi .the car would even have more flexability than a bus .driverless cars could fundamerntally change the world. but there are roadblocks that lies ahead for driverless cars the companies that are making driverless cars for example, general motors created a special test track that has electrical cables in them that send radio signals to the front end to the car. the road systems worked really well surprisingly but was to exspensive to build .so google modified the toyota prius with sensors on the wheel ,the roof , and a gps receiver.and a internal motion sensor the car had ther skill of a human driver behind the wheel. even though, the car could basically drives itself it could not handle such things like work zones and around accidents.the car simply notifys the driver to take over but how would the driver remain focoused on the raod? why would annyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? . the aspects of automation is really challenging because wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for there turn to drive? safety is aslo a very big concern such as keeping drivers,passengers and pedestrians safe. we know safety is best when the driver is alert and in control at all times so how would that happen if they arent driving most of the time?there are not even any liability laws yet so if the technology fails who would be acccountable the driver or the manufactuar? in some states it is illegal to even test computer driven cars . so is it as safe as we thought it woul be? the devlopment of the driverless stretches ahead of us. we grow closer to finding the answers that we need to figure out if the autonomous is truly right for us .even though,its some good points that need to be figured out about the driverless car.but it wouldnt be truly right until we get them all figured out.until then we get closer to that destination every day.