in the years of , a spacecraft snapped photographs for possible sites for the viking  to land. in the photo that was taken, a fairly large headlooking object that was nearly  miles long was on the red planet. this caused many people to believe what if theres life on mars? it seems like a head but i strongly believe it is just a natural landform. scientists have proved that the theories of the object being a sign of life was highly unlikely. however when it comes to consipiracy theories, people are very stubborn to believe them without any proof. the scientists figured that it was simply a mesa which is pretty common around there except according to the text, this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. later, the image was unveiled and it certainly caught a lot of attention! since it caught a lot of peoples attention, it soon starred in a hollywood film, was in books, magzines, and radio talk shows according to the text. this would obviously cause more people to believe it is a sign of life on mars, since it went so viral. but the thing is is that it is not evidence of life, yet so many say it is. it has not been scientifically proven. nasa themsleves have said that it is just a natural landform. also, movies, magazines, and books overexaggerate things so they really arent evidence. i believe it is a landform just like any other. here on earth, we have plenty of landforms. according to the text, scientists have said that landforms are very common around there, specifically martian mesas. coincidentally, this landform just so happened to be shaped like a head. there are plenty of landforms and other objects that look like other objects. here on earth we could have a rock shaped like a heart or a pond shaped like a nose. i also believe that it is just the peoples imagination that leads them to believe this. sometimes our imaginations and theories cant always be correct. there are plenty of conspiracy theories out there. i believe that if you do not have solid evidence for such theories, dont believe them. on april , , the object was proven to be a natural landform which proved some scientists wrong about their theories about it being an alien monument. it was proven by the mars global surveyor which flew over cydonia to check on the unusual object. this proves that there is no life on mars and that the face is just a natural landform. according to the text, it really is the martian equivalent of a mesa or a butte which are common around the american west. so this concludes my argumentative essay on why i believe the face is just a natural landform.