transportation has been a part of society for as long as the worlds been turning. it all depends what mode of transport you are willing to take on a daily basis. cars are becoming fewer and fewer in some places of the past few years. people are less dependant on personal transportation which in turn creates a safer, healthier enviroment for ourselves and the others around us. by limiting car usage the main reaction would be less pollution and less smog in largeer cities. places like new york, paris, berlin, london, or beijing could look so much better. everywhere you look you see and hear about pollution and greenhouse gases and global warming. all this is caused mainly by humans hand and the cars we drive spitting out toxic carbon dioxide wastes. in paris they had a one day ban of half the cars in the city and the smog went away in that amount fo time.source  if we limited cars we could unlimit our world to a new, longer lifespan, because cars are truly ripping our planet to pieces. the chance of finding public transportation in america is very slim. most places you go dont have subways or things like der ubahn in deutschland. our counrty is made for cars and we throw money at them every year which will eventually come to bite america in the butt.  percent of appropriations have gone to higways and the rest goes to other types of transport in america.source  by creating more viable public tansportation methods we could cut the spending on highways and put the money back into public transportation. by doing so we could limit accidents at the wheel and reduce pollution which i mentioned earlier. we already know that this system works in vauban, deutschland where residents rarely own cars and they live happier, quainter lives. source  the time to by a car is not now. recent studies show that car purchases, licenses, and driving has become fewer as each year goes on.source  either from high vehicle and gas prices or an actual social spectical, driving is slowly decreasing all over the world. hopefully within the next  years, public transportation will be a must in cities all over the globe, and im not just talking about buses. people are more reliant on planes and trains in europe than any other continent. and we could benefit highly from what we learn elsewhere. if we just join together and stop driving alltogether for just one day, the results would be both extraordianry and frightening. we have neglected to see that by not limiting our car usage we have limited our time on this planet. hopefully our generation will correct the wronging of past generations and improve transportation so it isnt such a loud and obnoxtious hinderence.