lukes point of view is that other people should participate in the seagoing cowboys program. one reason is because you get to go to different places. another reason is because luke was already for this because he worked on a farm with katie. you get to go to different places like greece, and by time he got to greece he was  years old that meant that he could draft for military service. then he could see europe and china. they crossed the atlantic ocean from the eastern coast of the united states and a month to get to china. caring for the animals during the crossing kept luke busy. they had to feed and water them two to three times a day. the stalls had to be cleaned. luke was already for this because he worked on a farm with aunt katies farm as a boy had perpared luke for hard work but not the dangers at the sea. he had different jobs each time. the second time he was a watchman. and his job was to check the animals every hour. but being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke. it had opened the world to him. but he was greatful for the opportunity. it made him more aware of of people of other countries and their needs. and the awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. that is why lukes point of view for people to participate in the seagoing cow boys. and i think that it would be good for people to do what he did that way you get to go to different places that you may of not been to before. and that way you get to see what its like on the sea taking care of all the animals and all of the jobs that you have to do. it would be cool if people would do what luke did that way you get a learning time where you get to see what it was like for luke and do what he did i think that it would be cool i we did that. and if we did what he did i think that it would be fun takeing care of the animals and on a sea ride and going to different places that are in different countries to see what there life is like and how they eat and things like that would be cool.