the autthor of the passage the challenge of exploring venus has used some substanital evidence to try and coax us twoards believing that venus a a planet that has not been studied as much as it should be but i think other wise. venus is a risky investment with the technology that we have a availble. i belive we waste time and money on venus where it could be used on existing problems and studies on a planet where it will be moost effective. one portion of the passage that the author tried to push in your face was the fact that venus hadhas a great deal of geographical similarities to earth. he said thisngs such as  venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size which appeal to a certain group of individuals who are afcinated by the thought of there being somewhere else like earth. the author also says  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this also would appeal to that same group of pepole giving them the thought that they are going to be able to live on venus but still there are the harsh living conditions that contrdict that thinking. in opposition to what the author says about venus and its geographical similarites we also need to talk about the differences that cause problems not only for living on the planet but also studying it. venus has an atmosphere that is  percent carbondioxide which alone has ended the thought that venus can any longer sustain life as they think i could before. also the atmosphere makes it hard to even get any documentation on how the planet looks. in paragraph  the author uses the substance silicon carbide as an example of a way to get around the crazy atmoshpere but this leads me to my next point that the author failed to even mention in the passage, all of this study and exploration costs money. the author forgot to mention one of the most cruccial pecies to the equation which is where is funding coming from and where could the money be used more effectivly. or economy at the moment is not stable and be are in great need of help but that doesnt mater to some. they are more focused on the future how we are going to advance but without a good present situation there is no way we could proceed. the money could be given to the city of flint, michigan so that they are able to drink and bathe themselves with clean water. im sure that it costs way less to fix the pipelines in city that to take years and fly to venus. venus and the other planets are cool specticals but we were given our own plant that we have beaten and mistreated for years but we dont to go back and fix the problem search for somewhere else to destroy. i think that we should at least try to better the situaton with the money that we have for the planet that we have not to spend on the expoloration of the others.