i am personally against the idea of driverless cars. some people are already dangerous behind the wheel as it is. i dont think a computer would do any better behind the wheel. dirverless cars can be very dangerous and i think people would be better off not being lazy and driving themselves where ever they needed to go. one reason that i am against driverless cars is that they are not  driverless. there are still issues that the car cant handle on its own and will require the driver to take over. driverless cars can be very dangerous because if the car would ever require the driver, and it fails to alert the driver in time, there could be fatal consequences. drunk drivers could also try to take advantage of the fact that the car would be driverless and have the car drive itself. but if he driver were to be too drunk to take over, it could casue a very bad accident. another reason that i am against driverless cars is that they would be compter dependent and would run on its own. and every skilled programmer or hacker would know that you would be able to hack the computer driven car to do what ever they wanted it to. hackers can already hack a lot of vehicles as it is, they can send codes to a smart vehicle to unlock and even start the car without owning or having the key to the car. there are way too many dangerous things that could possibly happen with that to list. hackers could change the course of the vehicle to any given location, they could make the car crash itslef, and they could make the car failt to alert the driver and every one would blame either the driver or the car. one final reason that i am against driverless cars is that people today are already lazy enough as it is. we dont need computers taking over our lives. people are becoming more and more dependent on technology causing them to be lazier. one example that has already been made is in the movie walle where everyone was in floating chairs that were controlled so no one would ever have to walk again, making them even lazier and very obese. i am really against driverless cars and i think that they would do way more harm than good no matter how much time, effort, and improvements they have made on it. i think we are better off just driving ourselves where ever we needed to go and that we should be less dependent on technology istead of being completley dependent on it.