in this article it talked about the position on driverless cars informing people about the driverless cars and what it can do. googles driverless car can be a good thing worldwide. the driverless car is safe and it has been driven for more than half a million miles without a crash, although google is not truly driverless it alerts the driver to take over when it needs pulling out of the driveway, the car is able to handle driving at a speed up to  miles per hour, and the car comes with a special touch sensor that can make sure the driver is able to keep hold of the wheel. the car is safe and google has cars that was dable to drive on its own since  and their cars were able to drivemore than half a million miles without a crash or an accident occuring. the cars is not as independent as it should be. when the car need to back out of a driveway it alerts the driver to take over and while it is dealing with traffic issues when the road is busy and need help redirecting where to go when there is roadwork or an accident. the car is safe and smarter on the roads when stuff is not going on unexpectedly on the road. the car can handling driving up to the speed of  miles per hour which requires the driver of the vehicle to still stay alert because the car can not do everything a regular car can when somebody is driving it. when the driver is not paying attention the drivers seat is able to vibrate and let the driver know when there is on coming traffic occuring or any problems. to also get the drivers attention the google car can announce when the driver should prepare to take over. the car also flash its lights on the windshield and other headsup displays. if the driver is sleeping when the car is watching the road they also watch the driver and pay attention to the driver to keep the driver safe. the car comes with a special sensor to keep the driver and the car itself safe earlier in the s automakers did make speed sensors to create antilock breaks and later on the same sensors became advanced to watch out and respond to the dangers on the road that would occur. the special touch sensor can also make sure the driver is keeping their hands on the wheel. bmw crweated the traffic jam assistant to help out the driver alittle bit when the driver is in need of help with this google car. the driverless cars are proved to be safe because it alerts you when situations occur unexpectedly, if you fall asleep or if you are not paying attention the car with vibrate all by itself that way you are alert and see everything that going on around you when you not paying attention, the car has driven for more than a million miles without a crash occuring or an accident, it drives up to a maximum or  miles per hour, and the car comes with a special touch sensor that senses things.