aliens or a coincidence? i have a strong belief that the face on mars was a natural landform. i do not think that the face was created by aliens. it could be a possibility but there is no proof that would back up that statement. although, the fact that that the face was a natural landform doesnt need much backup because its something that naturally happens. the only difference is that its not usually a face that is usually created. how could aliens know what to make a face look like? and not just any face, a human face. as the caption noted, a huge rock formation...which resembles a human head, formed by shadows giving the illusions of eyes, nose, and mouth. i doubt that the aliens could make an exact replica of a human face because they have nothing to reference it off of. also, theres another question. how the face could have been made by aliens? what could the aliens possibly have made the face with? im sure they would have required some tools to make this face on the planet of mars. their hands would not be likely to complete that task because of what the planet is made of. the nasa didnt say they found any tools or objects that could be used as to make this face. another doubt i have towards the aliens creating this face is what aliens? in the passage it said manwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. this implies that there is no civilization on mars. so if there is no civilization on mars, there is no one or nothing that could have made this face. how would they have made it if there is no one there to possibly make it? there is reasoning i have to back up my opnion that it was a natural landform. natural landforms happen here and there, almost everywhere. they come in any shapes and sizes. the form of a landform could be in any kind of shape. its whatever it comes out to be. in this specific case though, the landform has captured the form of a face, somehow, with the correct facial features in the right places. in the passage the face of mars is compared to the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. if there are other more specificly shaped landforms in the world, why cant it be one on mars? theres no difference in the form that natural landforms come in. they all can come in any type of way. it doesnt make a difference where theyre at or what theyre made of. a natural landform is always going to be a natural landform. in conclusion, i believe that the face of mars is a natural landform. there is no evidence disproving this statement. i do not believe that it was created by aliens. that was just an assumption that was made about the making of the face.