should nasa go to venus? our solar system, earth, space. many astronomers want to get more information on our solar system and the planets on it. for example, venus. nasa should not make ann exploration to study on venus because of the risks and the affects it could have on humans. in the article,the challenge of exploring venus, it states the interest nasa has on earths twin venus. however many of the condtions on venus are very different from our home, earth venus has the hottest surface tempature of any planet in our sola system, paragraph . with hot conditons many risks can arise. well, what about humans? as in the last paragraph venus condtions are not very safe. nasa knows the risks that could play out, but they believe it can work nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scienetists to float about the fray,paragraph . with the right technology, the risk of venuss hot and rocky could be elminated, with a few minor problems. with nasas possible sollution to explore venus, it would eliminate some problems but the overall condtions would make it hard for humans. this is seen in paragraph ,tempatures average over  degrees fahrenheit...these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. even with nasas sollution,the heat and the enviorment would not prevent that much harm with this sollution. some people might say that even with the condtions being risky, it is still survivable not easy condtions, but survivable,paragraph . however venuss weather and condtions can be very unpredictable. it would put peoples lives in danger not knowing what to predict. if nasa does have a sollution will it be able to be ready for unpredictable weather and conditions additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface,paragraph . however some people might add that there are conditions on venus that humans could survive, like solar power and less radation,paragraph . these things would be somewhat okay condtions for humans, with nasas sollution in place. but overall a trip to venus would cause many risks and problems due to the conditions and affects they would have on humans. therefore, sciencetists should not study venus with the dangers present.