in german life goes on without a car and for some of us that wouldnt be too easy. just think how much money they save for not paying for gas,car payments and parking places,plus if you dont have a car its always good to ride a bike or walk somewhere. and  sold there car just to move here. its easier for citys to walk and drive around somewhere. its easy now to get where you need to go if you walk because they made stores close by so you can walk to them. paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. if you had a even or odd license plate one day you werent aloud to drive that day you had to wait. but some people did not follow this rule about , drivers were fined. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france after having some of the people not drive and after five days of intensifying smog. cold night and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap in car emissions. what they are doing is really good because this could help people not drive as much. bogota,colombia people hiked,biked,skated or took buses to work during a car free day. it was the third straight year cars have been banned. only buses and taxis were allowed for work and transportation. even when it had rained they didnt care they still kept walking. parks,sport centers and shopping stores have gotten alot better because of the people walking. for a very first time colombian cities ,cali and valledupar joined this event too.s is when they started a day without cars in bogota. trying to make less people drive now a days. president obamas goals is to curb the united states greenhouse gas,it says americans are buying fewer cars ,fewer licenses and driving each year. the kids now a days dont really care about driving too much or care to even get a license. driving by young people decreased  percent bewtween  and . the number of people driving now has gone down from the miles on the cars. mercedes and ford are already rebranding themselves mobility companies with a broader product range beyond the personal vehicle.