in the article  making mona lisa smile , the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. now for this techology to be used in the classroom i have mixed feelings on weather this is appropriate to use. in the other hand it could potentially increase the student body to be more compatiable with being in school and truly enjoying the enviorment and space that they are in. due to the fact that the teachers know how the students feel or mentally react to on what is happining. the reason that i feel that this should not be used in school is the fact that it violates all of the personal and private feelings of a student and the lack of emotions it can tell, according to the text it states  eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger , disgust, fear and sadness. there are more emotions than that. one out of the six actually represent something good and happy the other five are more on the sad and unhappy emotions. another quote from this article states  in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. if that is true then there would no point in for an emotion to tell you how they truly feel. there is nothing better than another warm blodded person with emotions aswell to say something such as hey i can understand what your going through i feel the same way you didnt have to tell me but i knew. on the other side of the spectrum and saying how this could benifit the students and the teachers is how to make the class or more engaging to the students. as stated in the article   a classroom computer could recpgnize when a student is becoming confused or bored , dr. haung predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructure.  that could help a lot of students especially the ones eho normally dont like school. plus this machine will potentially make you happier stated in the article  the mona lisa demonstration is realy intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows you just how much this computer can do. this coul help people with persay deppresion and confusion on making a choce or big decision on something. this manchine the  facial action coding system could help with you arround your freinds or a crush significant other on how they truly feel twoards something. aswell as trying or attempting to make them feel better. in the article stated it sites  for instance, you could probably tell how a freind is feeling simply by the look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc this could say help the autistic kids who cant read emotions or conversation ques, and understand them so they dont hurt somebodys feelings. furthermore, the text states  according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only express emotions, but also may even help produce them.  doing so could help your freind whos having a bad day have a happier one or a loved one because thinking and trying to be happy will actually make you happy. in conclusion in the article  making mona lisa smile, the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. i have personaly mixed emotions about this being used in schools as seen. then again my overal feel of this is posiitive and sholud be regulated within schools. due to how this may impact the teaching area and enivorment to best help the student or just a person in general.