it seems that technology gets upgraded yearly. recently, apple has created a software called animoji. this software allows you to have an emoji replicate your facial actions. this ties into the new software, the facial action coding system. this software analyzes your face and can tell you how much percent happiness, anger, sadness, fear, suprise, or even disgusted you are displaying. since we already have facial recognition, why not have the software to tell you your mood. this software would benefit education and provide a safer area for students through recognizing extreme signs of depression or anger. our mood can either help or damage our learning processes in school. if you are in a bad mood, you will not care as much as you would if you were happy. this software would be very benificial for any classroom. having this software could help students learn. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr huand predicts. then, the software could modify the lesson to suite the students need. this software could boost the students grades, because the students would be more focused or not get confused due to the facial action coding system. not only will the software boost the students education, it could also help the school identify if someone is extremely depressed or angry. this software could prevent anything drastic from occurring. it could prevent suicide, shootings, fights and all sorts of things. it could save someones life, if not many peoples lives. overall, the facial action coding system can benefit our education and learning processes in numerous ways. it can recognize when a student is confused, and then it could modify the lesson to help the student understand the topic. it could also recognize when a student is bored, and then modify the lesson to be more interesting. it could improve the schools awareness to when a student is extremely depressed. it could also improve the schools awareness to when a student is extremely angry. the shool could then help the students who are depressed or angry to prevent anything drastic from happening. these are several reasons to how the facial action coding system could benefit education and provide a safer area for students through recognizing extreme signs of depression or anger.