that one person, having the overall say in the united states. the u.s. has ever four years on the tuesday after the first monday in november elections to determine our leader. the process or system that takes place now is the electoral college votiong system where people elect electors to vote on the president your state discides on. i disfavor the electoral college system, because of the overall fairness. planning the future, the college of electoral system has a lack of democratic pedigree. having things change for the worse the states elect all their trust into a elector that may not vote for the president the states civilians want. then the ratio to the amount of civilians to the number of electoral votes are off. wyoming represent , voters, would have much say as thee  representatives from califormia, who represent  million voters. voters have to realize that their political prefrence will not make as much difference in the electoral college, than in the popular vote. if the population of voters want a certain president, then it makes sense to have him elected. it has the same concept as the winner take all system, but their will be no faith in an elector that may confuse his purpose of votes. the electoral college avoids the problem of might having the states with no candidates to cast their votes. also making the president visit certain states with a enormous amout of voters and try to win their votes. this make the president learn about the conflicts of the states and what their problem is to try and compromise it. some people prefer to have elector, because they want to have a political prefrence. in a proportional manner with equal input into the election, the future would have to change making it popular vote wins. in the point of view of other civilians, other people from other regions may feel disenfranchised. then segregationist will be equal in input taking out the favortism. december is now here and the elector will vote in a new president. the rules of electing an offical leader may change, but the proccess of being offical doesnt. the president must first prepare a certificate of ascertainment witch causes the president to record all the people and information involving in the election. this is for the record of the congress and national archives. the proccess of election should change, because of the overall fairness of the amount of voters to electoral votes. this democratic pedigree will give everyone an equallity to voters and amount of input.