in the passage the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author supports this idea because it shows us the positive side as well as the negative side. for example a positive thing is venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. it is also the closest in distance too. despite all the dangers venus has the author wants us to examine and study the benefits and the challenges venus has for all of us. here in earth we are used to the atmospheric pressure and the amount of carbon dioxide we encounter on earth. the quote on the planets surface,temperatures average over  degrees fahreinheit,and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. shows us how a negative thing is that those conditions are way more extreme than what us humans contribute to on earth. meaning that we would not survive in venus in those conditions. another thing is that venus has a way more hotter surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. this shows us how even though mercury is closet to the sun, even venus has a hotter temperature which to us that is dangerous. more over high pressure and heat, the venus weather presents additional inpediments such as erupting volcanoes,strong earthquakes,and most likely lightning strikes. scientists are discussing further visits to venus. as well as astronomers think that there might have been a possibility that in venus it may well once have been the planet that has been more earthlike planet in our solar system. the quote long ago,venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life,just like earth. shows us how venus one day could have became a planet just like earth and have life. which is a positive thing because today venus still has some features that are similar to those on earth. some of those characteristics that venus has similar to earth are valleys,mountains,and craters. in the future this could be a recall that venus can one day be a safe option for a planetary visit,space travel,and maybe one day it can have life. the nasa has an idea for sending humans to study venus but could that really be a safe plan? there plan to the rare conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above. the quote at thirtyplus miles above the surface,temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahreinheit,but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. shows us how those would not be easy conditions for humans to travel and be survivable too. this is a risk that humans have but scientists are telling us to look at them as challenges and not risks. which could be a negative thing. in conclusion the author explains the negatives and positives that venus has for us in the future and today. there can be risks but if they find a way for us to be safe, everything will be okay. human curiosity will lead us into many new adventures in the future. our travels on earth and beyond shouldnt be limited by the dangers and doubts, but lead us into the safest way possible.