can you imagine in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore? i cannot imagaine a future like this. i see a future where we all learn to drive safely and without pollutuion. i do not believe that driveless cars are good for the future because pollution may increase. also with drivers not needing to drive could cause more accidents. and expenses will increase on buying the driverless cars. the first reason a future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore is a bad idea is because people wont want to learn driver safety. if we make cars that drive on their own why would someone want to read or learn how to actually drive? with cars that doesnt require you to focus on a road people will text, play games, talk to other passengers in the car and not even realize whats going on on the road. without driver safety people will question why we need driver tests. my second reason a future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore is a bad idea is because accidents could occur more often than usual. with the need to not pay attention to the road people will be more likely to roughhouse within the car or argue over who can sit in the front seat. everyone knows, technology fails from time to time, if we allow these cars to be made then what does the driver do if the car malfunctions? drivers and passengers will not see the need to wear a seatbelt because they believe that the driverless car will keep them safe because machines cant make human error. my final reason a future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore is a bad idea is because expenses will increase on buying cars. with the way the economy is who is to say that everyone will be able to afford a car with such technology? the way that families and jobs are it is not to say that a person may have enough money in the budget to buy these cars. if they we to buy the car how will they get the money to recieve this veihcle? saving, the people will save all their money so once they buy the car the will be broke and it will be even harder to keep a house or food on the table or even to wash their clothes. so to conclude. the reasons why i believe a future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore is a bad idea is because driver safety will be ignored. accidents will occur more often. and expenses will be to much for the people.