driverless cars should continued to be developed and improved. the driverless car has such a bright future. think of a world were there would be no car crashes or long lines of traffic due to an accident. the driveless car could do that for the world. if the driverless car is continued to be improved, who knows one day it may not need a driver at all. even if it never gets to that point theere are still many positives to this car. there would be a large decrease in the number of accidents due to the fact that people wouldnt have to text and drive or be on their phones at all while drive. this car could change the way of driving as we know it. the technology of this car could improve to where there would be no need for a driver at all. in this case, the world of driving would be dramatically different from the one today. they amount of accidents would probably be cut down to almost zero and the amount of lives saved from this would amazing. this would happen due to the fact that human error would be taken out of the driving world. there would be no accidents due to drinking, not paying attention, or cell phone use. the amount of time waiting in long lines of traffic would be none existant because there wouldnt be any accidents to hold up traffic in the first place. even if for some reason there was traffic you could just pass the time by taking a nap or something of that nature because you would need to contistly pay attention to what is going on. the world with completely driverless car would improve the daily lives of the people. nevertheless, even if this technology never reaches this point completely the driveless car is still a step in the right direction. the driverless car that isnt completely driverless can still decrease the amounts accidents just not to almost zero. this driverless car can still cut down the accidents do to not paying attention and cell phone use. since this driverless car cuts down the amount of accidents there will be less chances for traffic but in some cases traffic will occur. this driverless car still improves the daily lives of people just not to the same exstint as the completely driverless car. the driverless car is a step in the right direction. weather it be the driverless car or completely driverless car, they have to start somewhere. as technology improves so will these cars and one day they maybe able to drive themselves completely but to be able to get to that point that need to continue to develope this idea so that it can get to its full potiental. the future for this car is very bright and could change the world as we know it.