a huge crowd gathered around me. teens and young men were crowding around, adjusting themselves to get a better view. this was going to be difficult. someone shouted,why are you here? i closed my eyes and prepared my speech, here goes nothing. my name is luke bomberger and im am here, gentlemen, to persuade you to join in a program called the seagoing cowboys program. there was a hushed silence as i finished my proposal. i could see the looks of confusion on many peoples faces. im off to a good start. after a few seconds there was mumbling in there was mumbling in the crowd. whats that mean? someone shouted. what do we do in it? another chimed in. there were multiple questions being fired in my direction and i was starting to get a headache. lower your voices! i shouted as i raised my hands in a stop gesture,i cant answer your questions when you guys are being so loud. finally th crowd calmed down. one young man pushed himself to the front of the stage where i was and asked, what do we do if we join the program? i was prepared for this question and replied, well, in this program you have to help take care of the animals, like horses and young cows, to cross the oceans. i felt like that sentence didnt have enough information, so i added,world war ii has ended and we need to assist other countries that have been affected by the war. will it be boring? one man asked from the back of the crowd. all eyes were on me, their gazes intent on what i was about to say. i stopped and mulled over my thoughts before answering,well, not really. you would be able to see other countries and their landscapes, but you would have to clean the stables and feed the animals. when they are returned to their destination, on the return trips you can have a lot of fun. i had played some sports like baseball and tabletennis with the other boys who had join during one trip back to america. the crowd looked interested. i felt like i had said the important parts to persuade them. is it dangerous? one person said. it can be at time when its raining extremely hard on deck. i admitted. i thought i needed to say more, so i added,all the adventures you can have will be exciting, but one thing this program has helped me be aware of is the people of other countries and their needs. i played my part in assisting others, will you do the same? there was excited murmmuring as everyone surged forward. i felt pride in what i had said. i want to join! someone shouted. where do i sign up? another one asked. i allowed a smile to appear on my face as i pointed to the left. you can sign up over there.