cars are a very, very common mode of transportation used all over the world. people depend on cars to get them from place to place every single day. while driving cars seem to be the quickest and easiest form of transportation, there are negative sides to it. these negative effects can be harmful to the environment and humans if we arent careful. therefore, citizens should take a step forwards limiting their car usage. the advantages of limiting car usage is that it reduces smog, saves resources, and is a healthier lifestyle. when cars are used, they can pollute the air with harmful chemicals and toxins. air pollution is a serious issue that is occuring around the globe. this is important because cars are polluting the air we need in order to survive. some cities around the world have gotten so polluted that they had to restrict people from using cars over a period of time to try and cleanse the air. if you drove during the ban, then you would recieve a fine. paris and bogata are two cities that particitpated in the ban. after the pollution cleared up some, the ban was lifted in both cities. therefore, reducing the air pollution is a major advantage to not using your car as much. over time, cars can use up a lot of resources. cars run on gasoline, which is a fossil fuel. there is only so much of it and once its gone, its gone. our fossil fuels are being used up quick, so its time to start saving them. you can save resources by driving around less. instead of driving yourself, you could either walk, ride a bicycle, skate, ride a bus, or carpool with some friends. these are all ways you could help save the planets resources. lastly, limiting how much you drive your car can be beneficial because it is a healthier lifestyle for you. you could get more excerise and help the environment at the same time. one community in germany, named vauban, gave up their cars completely. they are in a movement called smart planning. this community gets around by walking or riding bicycles. their lifestyle includes having stores and markets a walk away so they have easier access to them. having a healthier lifestyle is an advantage because its important to take care of yourself. the advantages of limiting car usage is that it reduces smog, saves resources, and is a healthier lifestyle. driving less reduces smog because it helps clean the air from toxins. it also helps save the limited amount of fossil fuels that we have. not to mention, driving your car less will give you a chance to live a healthier lifestyle because you will get much more excercise. overall, driving less is beneficial to both humans and the environment. therefore, join the movement and limit your car usage.