i believe that driverless cars are not a good idea. they have the potential to be very beneficial but there are many complications. driverless cars are expenzive, cause liability issues, and may not be  safe for all of the passengers. driverless cars have many parts to them. they contain lots of technology and different types of sensors, a gps receiver and a camera near the rearview mirror. self driving cars require all of these things and more in order to be able to drive around the same skill level as a human driver and to be semidriverless. all of the technology required to build these cars will make the cost of these cars very high and not very affordable. technology is not fool proof, and neither are humans. both make mistakes and legally you would have to be able to answer the question of whether or not the person in the car that is driving is the one at fault in an accident, or if it is the fault of the technology and the manufacturer. at the moment, these cars are only semiautonomous and require a human to be in the car and ready to take over in case problems arise. if the driver isnt able to avoid an accident because of the cars technology, then whos fault is the accident? safety is another important concern. will fully autonomous cars be able to react quickly enough to prevent an accident that a human could have avoided? i think that semidriverless cars are a better idea than fully driverless cars as technology can fail or malfunction and that can put all of the passengers in the car in a dangerous situation. having an alert human driver that is able to control the car at any point and time would be important for the safety of the passengers. i do not think that having cars that can drive completely by themsleves is a good idea. it would be very expensive and they would not be available to everyone because of cost problems. there is always going to be oppurtunity for the failure of technology in these cars and that can cause not only liability and legal issues, but would also raise saftey concerns for those riding in them.