in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative ideas of driverless cars. some say that driverless cars will be the future to public transportation, but others think that dirverless cars should be illegal even to test on roads. the development of driverless cars should be illegal. google has had cars that could drive indepently but under very specific conditions. googles driverless cars are not truely driverless. these cars still require a driver to navigate in and out of driveways and if there is complications in traffic such as contructions sites. the driver must stay alert at all time is complications are ahead of them. for some smart cars there must be electrical cables sending signals to the car. but without the opition of smarter roads manufacturers how will the car sense what is ahead? the manufactors would have to install more motion sensors, which requires more money and time that people do not have. humans are far better off to control the car, rather the car control them. the driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. lawmakers know the right way to get the alert the drivers if something is happening ahead. most traffic laws are written with the conclusion that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. for most states it has been illegal to even test ccomputerdriven cars. though some people believe that driverless cars should be legal to develop and drive.google cofounder sergey brin envisions that the driverless cars will be the future of public transportation. the use of driverless cars can decrease the use of gasoline and can be less harmful to the community. if driverless cars become popular there will be less accidents. yet the people would still have to navigate the cars into or out of driveways and through construction sites. the author of this article presents the reader with a positive and a negative aspects of driverless cars. some people believe is a great idea to develop these cars, but technology always has a down fall to it, if someone is injured by the driverless car who is to blame.