many people go through many different emotions throughout their day. they show their emotions with facial expressions which also lets other people around them know what their current feelings could be. although some peoples expressions are hard to read due to them not showing emotion in their face or hiding it,they can go through a process in a computer system named facial action coding system in other words facs ,which makes the computer determin their feeligs. this is also a good system for when historians are trying to figure out old pantings like the mona lisa. this computer system can work well because it determins a persons feeling,it can help make better computeranimated faces more expressive,and it can help modify a teaching lesson according to the student liking. first the computer system can tell what a persons feelings are. in paragraph four it read by weighting the different units,the software can identify mixed emotions. each expression is compared againts a neutral face. another example can be found in paragraph five, it talks about how the computer software stores simliar codes to figuring out emotions and also talks about da vinci studing human anatomy to help him paint human facial expressions. these two examples show somewhat how the computer system works and how effective it when it comes to facial expressions. secondly facs can help develope better computeranimated facial expressions. in paragraph six it read the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery another example is found in paragraph three when the author talks about d computer models of the faces. he also talks about the muscles used when we make an expression. this two examples can show how facs can help figuring out which facial expression is used and how to demonstrate it more strongly. lastly facs can help figuring out lessons based on the students facial expression. in paragraph six it said a classroom computer cpud recognize when a students is becoming confused or bored,dr huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson,like an effective human instructor. another example is found in paragraph four when the author talks about individuals showing vary degrees of expression making it hard to tell exactly what they feel. this examples show that knowing a students main emotion to a lesson can help modify a special lesson making them enjoy it better and learning more. in conclusion facs can be very usual when it comes to determening and knowing exacly ones feeling. it can also be useful when historians need to figure out emotions people felt during erlier times based on a panting. facs also can show the many different moods a persons facial expression can contain. facs will be used when determining a persons feeling,makeing better computeranimated faces more expressive,and help modify a teaching lesson according to the student liking.