i believe that driverless cars are pointless. they arent really driverless, there are laws in some states against testing driverless cars, the traffic laws are written assuming that it is most safe to have a human driving the car  you dont know who will be to blame if an accident or something goes wrong. driverless cars arent fully driverless. the driver still has to take over when pulling in and out of driveways  dealing with complicated traffic issues. for example, navigating through roadwork or an accident. whats the point of having a driverless car, when you still have to be alert and paying attention? people want a driverless car so they dont have to do any work.many people dont pay attention sometimes or get distracted while driving. this a dangerous disadvantage. the driver could be distracted and get into an accident because they werent paying attention and didnt take over the car when they needed to. the laws for driving rely on an alert driver to achieve safety while driving. today, traffic laws are written assuming that the only way a car is safe is if it has a human driver in control at all times. in most states it is illegal to even test computerdriven cars.manufacturers hope that more states will allow them if they are proven to be more safe. however, if there is an accident involving a driverless car who will be to blame the manufacturer or the driver? driverless cars also require a lot of sensors to mimic the controls of a human driver.googles modified toyota prius uses sensors on the left rear wheel. on the roof, a video camera near the rear view mirror, four radar sensors, gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. all of the sensors could malfunction and something could go wrong with the car. having to rely on all of the sensors to work correctly isnt very safe. i believe that driverless cars should not be used now, in the future, or ever. if you have a driverless car, they arent driving themselves they are just assisting you. there are also many things that could go wrong with the driverlass cars also.technology isnt always reliable, and could not work at any time.i think that there are too many disadvantages to having a driverless car. dont get a driverless car, they are useless and complete nonsense.