cars that drive them selfs well that sounds a lot easier than having to drive everywhere youself. if cars could drive themselves there would be a lot of pressure lifted off of people. for the fact we dont want to crash or get pulled over, the simple stuff like that. after all there still would be areas were humans would have to handle depending on how smart they make the cars. it would be nice to just sit and be able to look around while the car drives itslef and im not the only one to think that. first, say you were going on a long road trip you could finally pay attention to the view for the fact your not the one whos driving so you could stare out the window and admire the view. being able to see things you havent been able to see befor for the silly fact tha you were driving and had to pay attention to the road. there might be times were you have to take the wheel because of where you are and how many other vehicles are around, but you could always get back to admiring the view anytime. say you had to wait in traffic you wouldnt be the one to have to do it because your not driving. there are a lot of good reasons to let the vehicle do the work for you. second, if the wehicle is high tech enough were it could sense danger or out of control skids or rollovers then you could feel more safe knowing youll be safe. driving safe is a huge part of driving period if the vehicle can do that on its own without fail then you can do what you need in the vehicle like maybe text or call and still feel safe. eventually the vehicles will become smart enough were it can do almost anything a person could do so it could handle more driving tasks on its own. so far the cars arent fully developed to where the vehicle is completely driverless. the in car system is actually a safety feature and safety is a huge concern. last, in the near future cars will be a lot more efficient and safer to get around in. there will be aguments about these vehicles. the point is the future is near and we are becoming a lot more advanced in technology. to move forward we need to create inventions tha no one has thought about weather they like it or not. eventually everyone will get used to the idea. the fact is we have a long way to go before the cars can truly do what we want. it is ahead of us eventually well see things we never thought we would. we have to keep moving forward with ideas like this brilliant one. every step we take we keep pushing toward the idea of driverless cars and we will get there.