driverless cars really are not such a thing of the future anymore. they are here and they are improving to imitate human driving abilities, but are we humans so sure that we want them? i mean, sure the driverless car seems so convienient and everything, but if you still have to pay attention to the road then what is the point? driverless cars may seem great, but they truly are not. so many teenagers are foaming at the mouth practically to get there license when they turn , and some people just love to drive in general. they would not want to be driven around by a computerized car. driving yourself around is a passion for some people. i personally do not think driverless cars should be a thing. technology is always getting bigger and smarter, but will it truly be smart enough to simulate the thought process of a human brain in a bad situation while driving? it does not seem very likely. while there are many pros to driverless cars, there are also cons. one of the main cons that comes to mind when i think of a driverless car is the safety of it. i mean sure, they may be proven to be safe, but almost all technology messes up at somepoint. how can the creators of driverless cars say that they are completely safe. for all they know there could be an unknown glitch in their server and it could cause the car to crash and the driver to die. also, in the article they said they use a lot of sensors and radars to simulate that of the human vision. what if one accidentally broke or malfunctioned, but continued to drive seemlessly without error? as mentioned in the article, the driver could be using one of the entertainment systems that they build into the car to occupy the driver while the car is selfdriving consequently, they may neglect to see a car in front of them and crash because they were distracted by the entertainment system, and then there is a possible human life lost. who would be at fault then? would the company that made the car be responsible? or how about the driver who was distracted by the cars entertainment systems? no matter who is at fault for the wreck, the wreck could have possbile been avoided if there was a human driver behind the wheel. these are jsut a couple of the many safety concerns that come with the possibility of driverless cars. while they may be advanced, futuristic vehicles, they seriously be thought about before trusting a humans life with them consequently, i think they should be kept off of the roads until they are proven  safe. i really do not think driverless cars are a good idea until they can prove that the technology that goes into them will run  error free and not malfunction. until that happens they should not allow them on the roads just for the sake of human lives being at risk. all it could take is a single crash, and while i know that hasnt happened yet, it is bound to and a human life will be lost therefore, i say keep them off of the roads. driverless cars are not for us until we can prove that they will not glitch or mess up and crash.