pursuting venus imagine having a twin, but never knowing anything about your twin due to the dangers they posses. well, earth and venus are a great example of that scenario. earth being the planet us humans live on everyday of our lives, venuss aspects are similar to the ones of earths. keeping this in mind, venus has a plentiful amount of dangers that lurk the planet, delaying the exploration of our twin planet. so why does the author suggest that we should pursue exploring venus? the author belives we should pursue exploring venus due to the possibility of a crucial planetray vist, being scientifically productive, and overall just having more knowledge of the planet itself. to begin, if earth were to ever start to decade and there were still human life, would living on a different planet be an option? astronomers have conducted studies showing that venus may have once held life there itself. in paragraph , the article states today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rock sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this example shows that our earth has similar factors of that which venus has. another example to show that us humans may one day be able to colonize venus,if the occurence were to happen, is the conditions. in paragraph , the article reads solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. although the statement claims that the conditions are not easy, they are still bareable to the human population. summing up, venus could soon be a home to us, and scientest will soon be able to know whether or not that is possible by exploring venus. secondly, the exploration of venus can provide more scientific facts, proving to be scientifically productive. to do this, the national aeronautics and space administration nasa will send humans to collect data. hostile conditions may play into how we do this, but nasas possible solution would allow scientists to exam our sister planet without interfearing with the hazardous conditions. in paragraph , the article states imagien a blimplike vehicle hovering  or more miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus wpuld avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying out of their way. the idea of this hovercraft is based around the already scientfic facts of the planet venus, such as the temperature and air pressure the hovercraft would be experincing. in paragraph , the article reads ...temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees farenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. consenquently, the hovercraft could provide more benifical scientific evidence of planet venus for our astronomers and scientists. last, but not least, using what we already know about the planet could help nasa and scientists to further explore venus. studies conducted to enhance our technology of exploration have shown what venus could damage. in paragraph , the article states for example, some simlified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this exmaple shows what possible scenarios could produce from the pursuit of exploring venus. the end results will then contribute to greater advancements of that certain technology to one day be able to withstand that conditions of vneus. overall, our previous knowledge combined with new facts and information can assist with how nasa and scientists will explore our sister planet. concluding, the author belives we should pursue exploring venus due to the possibility of a crucial planetray visit, being scientifically productive, and overall just having more knowledge of the planet itself. the conditions and atmosphere may affect how much we are able to learn and explore, but nasa has innovated new developments to help us explore further. consuming all the information, data, facts, and end results have pushed the determination of exploration. with this all being said, are you ready to learn more about our sister planet venus?