venus is a very worthy pursuit despite the dangers. why is it a very worthy persut depsite of the dangers? because venus is the safe vantage point of earth.venus is the twin of earth it is very close to the earth and many other planets.venus has a lot of reasons to be a worthy pursuit. venus has some dangers like not a single spaceship has touched down or landed on venus in three decades. it has a thick atmosphere of  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus.the more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the temperature is over  degrees fahrenheit and is  times greater than what we have to deal with on our own planet. these temperatures and conditions are far worse than what we humans have to deal with on earth. it could even crush a submarine. there are also frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. next is the benefits and upsides to venus. astronomers are shocked by venus because it was one of the most similar earth like planet in our solar system. venus today still has some similiarities to earth.venus has supported most forms of life and has covered largely with oceans.. venus can be our nearest option regardless of the distance in space travel. although, there are the upsides there stills questions on how to make going the travel and mission to venus both safe and scientifically productive. the national aeroonautics and space administation nasa has an idea by sending humans to study venus. nasas possible soulution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. take a vehicle for example it could hover of venus and avoid the friendly ground conditions by staying up in the air and our the way. definitely are not easy conditions but humans are capable of surviving it. scientist are seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus and would to find a way to get up close and personal regardless of the risks. systems that use mechanical parts can be resistant and untouchable by pressure heat, and other forces. venus still being studied today by nasa by finding different and safe approaches. in conclusion the author idea on venus being worthy pursuit depsite of the dangers is very true because venus has value. the knowledge on venus will clear up human curiousity and will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth should not be stopped or limited by dangers and doubts but should expanded by the imaginations.