one thing that robots have never been able to do is having emotions. the facial action coding system can provide a new opportunity for emotions to be incorparated into technology. the software allows for computers to read emotions on humans faces and interpret that data. in a classroom, this software can be extremely valuable to educators. the use of the facial action coding system in the classroom can prove to be an extremely powerful tool to educators, as long as it is used in moderation. an educator could use the tool during a lesson to make sure students are engaged, and if a student is bored, the teacher could adjust the lesson plan for that student. the teacher would also know when to help students if the machine is reading them as confused. however, the technology should not replace a teacher in the classroom, as dr. huang suggest, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor dalto. the software can read the emotions, but it cant provide its own emotions or give the same oneonone connection a teacher can to help a student. the facs facial action coding system should not be used as a teacher, but by a teacher, so as to help every student get the most out of their education. while this new technology can be a fantastic tool, if not used properly, it could have a terriblle outcome. the machine can read a face and give percents of emotions someone is feeling, as shown in the first paragraph, shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry dalto. however, if humans start using this software constantly, it might begin to replace our own emotion reading skills. however, the ability of the software to detect certain muscle movements associated with faking a smile and other complex emotions, can prove extremely useful in a school. educators can usually read emotions pretty well, but when a face shows mixed emotions and a student is trying to hide some of them, this system could help a teacher understand whats going through a students head. the facial action coding system is a huge leap in computer and human interaction. used carefully, this software can allow for teachers to be even more engaged in their students and know how each person is doing with a lesson. this technology is very valuable to the classroom and should be implemented to benefit students education and to further our knowledge of emotions.