there are many controversial ideas about what was seen in the picture on cydonia. some belive it was from alien life form some do not. i do not believe that the face was created by aliens. i say this because we have pictures proving so, landforms are known to form in odd ways, and we have double checked and there were no signs of alien life forms. the face was not created by aliens because we have pictures proving so. in the article unmasking the face of mars they said that when they first saw a picture of this mysterious face is was the year . a lot of changes were being made that year, it was the peak of technology for americans and we were bound to go on in our experiments. it states in the article that  and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original vikings photo. and in return it was a natural landform. but people were still not satisfied. they claimed that the picture was taken at a cloudy time of year for the red planet so they tried again as stated in the passage,  nevertheless on april ,  a cloudless summer day in cydonia mars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look and the results were as followed,  marlins team captured an extroardinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution the results still came back as a lanform. i do not believe that the  face  was created by aliens because landfroms are known to form in odd ways. for example in the article it states that  what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or messalandforms common around the american west. they claimed this after taking the picture april , . the picture simply shows a huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose,and mouth. as said in the article. how many times when we were all children did we think we saw someone when it was just a shadow? plenty of times and in this instance it is exactly the same. and lastly i do not believe that the face on mars was created by alien life form because we have double checked and checked again and we did not find signs of any form of life on mars. it said in the article that they took a picture in , then they were astonished so they checked again in , and then when people were still not satisfied they checked agin in . it sates in the article that each pixel in  image spans . meters compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo and not only that but,  as a rule of thumb you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, he added so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptian style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! this goes to show that there were no life forms ever there and that the face is simply landforms and shadows and that aliens did not have anything to do with this sittuation at all. however though, it states in the article that  the face of mars has since become a pop icon. it has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines,radio talk shows even haunted grocery store checkou tlines for  years! some people think that the face is a bona fide evidence of life on mars it is not uncommon or odd that peopkle would want to belive that there is another life forms besides what we already know, some would go as far to say that  evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. as stated in the article. but the most shocking thing is when it says that  defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. i dont see why anybody working with nasa would ever doubt the system if they are a aprt of it, but then again nasa most likely does not just give out important information to everybody who steps foot into there office claiming to work there. and it wouldnt surprise me actually if the budget defenders of nasa did wish that there was actualy life forms because nasa is having to dump more and more money because people like the conspiracy theorists cant just have faith and believe what nasa tells them even though they had evidence to back them up. to all of this is still say that i do not believe that the face was created by aliens . i say this because we have pictures and images proving so, landforms are know to grow in all sorts of shapes and sizes, and because we have double checked and checked and there were no signs of alien life or any form of life at all up on mars. i think that the information that i have presented you with would go to show and prove my theory right.