welcome says a screen once you get in the car. the driveless cars are coming and we have to get ready for them. some people might not like the ideal but i here do. i would like to get in the car without putting my foot on the gas to get to my destination. i wouldnt have to worry if im going to fast or to slow. driveless cars are going to be the next big thing. they are going to attract lots of people. driveless cars are going to help you get to you destination with out you worrying about being tired of driving, they can help you stay at one speed so you won t worry about if your going to fast or to slow, and they are also are going to attract lots of people to them. the driveless cars are going to help you to get to your destination without you simply being worry. they are going to help you so you wont be tired of driving to get to place and for you not to enjoy the place because of tireness from all that driving. they can get to destination faster than they can because of the gps they have located them. they are a great help if you have children because the car can be moving and you wont have to worry about keeping your eyes on the road while your kids can be fighting in the back seat. driveless cars can also be a great help for they people who tend to go over limit. the car can stay at the limit you tell them to go or if you press the gas. its an easy project for people to love. you can now go on trips and you wont have to worry about the police stopping you for going over the limit. you can also be on the highway and you wont have to worry about keeping your speed at a certain speed. the dirveless car is going to attract many people when they come out. many people from around the world are going to buy them. i know many people are going to say its a bad idea to have one because there are going to be situations when teenagers drive the car without a license. other than that there is not a thing that anyone would like to have one. the driveless cars are going to be a worldwide sensational. so like i was saying the driveless cars are going to be phenomenal when they are out. there are somethings the car wont be a good idea. for example the kids who are only  they are going to be around they city driving. other than that the car itself is a great idea. they are going to help you get your destination faster and you wont be tired. they are going to help you stay out of trouble from the police. they will help you stay at one speed rate and you wont have to worry about getting ticket while on vacation, they will also attract many people to get one. these cars are going to be a worldwide sensational when they come out. many people will still have doubt on the car when it comes out but when them everywhere they are going to want one. so whats your opinon about driveless cars?