as of , there has been a photo from viking  showing what appears to be face on mars. this information came straight from nasa back when they first discovered the face. this is well related to the topic around aliens and alien theories. people have believed forever that aliens exist somewhere is the universe. then recently becuase of the picture showing the face on mars strengthening their beleifs. they have said, the face is bonafide evidence of life on mars. many people believe this face was a monument created by aliens so, heres why they are wrong. this photo was first taken sometime in . it is a photo of small region of mars with a couple of formations. but one formation sticks out like a tall man in an elementary school. this picture was taken at the right angle at the right time. it makes it look a face with the angle and shadows. and many people believed it to be a monument made by extratellestular figures. another reason why they believe for it to be made from aliens is because, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. their is a lot of people that would disagree with belief of this face being real. they would believe this way because they would its childish to believe that a rock formation on a foreign planet could ever possibly be made by aliens. another reason why is because if it does resemble a earthlike formation that was not man made, that means the face was made by aliens, it was just an act of nature. it is physically challenging to make a formation, the shape of a human face, on a planet way far away from its neighboring planets. people have also taken more recent pictures of the face. one in  and another one in . the newest one from  is pretty old but gives the most recent information. it has the highest resolution of any picture of that face. in this picture, it is zoomed in more than the original photo and a lot more clear than the first one, their is a lot more detail. but in this photo, it doesn look like a human, it has more of a resemblance of a lion. but also, it looks to be more natural than before because the higher resolution and less blur. again, the people that have believed that the face wsa alien made rock formation were wrong. it is merely just a natural formation that has facelike features that was believed to be a face because of a shadow and a good camera angle. the so called face on mars is no longer real and was just a moment of glory for the people at nasa.