how do you feel about driverless cars? what do you think theyll be like for you in the future? are they better than cars that have to be personally operated by the human? well, they named a few good and a few bad things that would come with the driverless car. they told how you will still have to keep focus on the road in the driverless car because it will need to be hand driven when it comes to work roads and accidents that have happened or even traffic jams. the good things they said about it would probably be, that it is sensored so you dont hit nothing or it tells you when something is wrong and where your far is at and how its driving itself. the things that are good about the driverless car would be, it could drive itself, you could relax and chill while its taking you where you need to go. also, its good because it has all these sensors in the car that it can tell when to brake, or when to slow down. this could be a good thing kind of , when it is driving itself you should always be prepared to take over. but it said in the article  while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. so if they ever got into a car accident they could probably go back and look at the cameras too see what the driver was doing and how they crashed. the things that are bad could be that whenever the car wants to go down the company could shut your engine off at any tme and at any place. whether its still driverless or not you still have to pay attention so you might as well just stick with the divers car. the other bad thing could be your car can decide when to brake and that could be at any point and you could brake at the wrong time and someone could hit you. one bad thing that could also be good is the sensors , sometimes they could go out and your car could start messing up. in my opinion i think driver cars are better because there is so much that could go wrong with the driverless car. like the car going out and the sensors messing up and you just break down and you wouldnt know how else to fix it, because it has so much technology. but with driver cars you can know when there is a porblem, you know when and where you need to fix things under the hood or on the car in general. the driver cars are better i hink because the person in the car should always have their eyes on the road. if we have driverless cars what was the point in the drivers licence and permit if the cars will drive us? you know ? with a drivers car where you have a person driving  you know how to operate the car. you know how to change the oil or how to change the breaks so they dont go out and you get in a wreck. i mean yeah you could do something wrong with the car and it mess up but im sure if youre working on a car you have done it before. but drivers cars you dont have to worry about the engine reducing power on you, you just fill the car with gas and your good. but driver ccars you gotta worry about the car breaking down etc. but there are always to fix your broken down car unlike you can with driverless cars. so if i had to choose any car whther it was drivers or dirverless, i think i would go with the drivers car. because , for the fact i know i could trust the car and i could have the car checked to see if its good for running and driving unlike you could with the driverless car. the driverless car could be good for so long then something bad could happen and you not know what was wrong with it. so if i had to get a car of my choice between drivers and driverless i would most definitely choose drivers.