the challenge of exploring venus is most important to the earth that is close to the planet where people in. sometime the challenge of the planet is for humans to study, apprently its proximity to us. the author support the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers becuase sometime venus is right around the corner and human will sent some spacecraft to land. not only studying venus will pursuit other life, but some scientist are looking forward to work with the venus to undertanst more of the challenge that they will know more about. the first reason why venus will pursuit despite the danger it present is that venus are also a planet becuase the reader know that its the second planet that from our sun. it could be a bad idea that  venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface . this is way studying are needed to be used with protection at any case that involved danger. the second most reason important about the challenge of venus in this planet as an enviornment would crush can be made as  these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth . because of this solar system like venus impact the hottes surface temperature of the planet. the challenging of venus consider many researchers into working with the machines that probably would allow them to constribute its to be knows as knowledge. most third reason that will be know is that scientics are more knowable to learn more about venus than other people because they are more to understand better. more likely,  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation  just as we know about how it should not be limited, most people wount know what to do unless they know what will be next in their challenge. it somehow need to be survivable for humans as well into going forward on something that is challenge. in conclusion, the challenge of venus is really important to most of the people because venus is like the second planet that need to be look out for and this the reason it dangerous to explore. all it take was to have a scientics that are impresive to know where it actually is.