is venus survivable? venus is the only planet in our solar system thats like earth. the author stated three reasons why its worth exploring. the first reason its like earth, the second reason is scientist can make discovery, and last but no least its going to be challenging. venus is as closest as earth, some of the feature they have are density and size, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. paragraph  if earth was dying venus would be the first place we would go to. scientists said that the only reason why we cant go there now is because of the temperatures. if scientist can discover venus there there may be a chance we can discover other planet as well and if we know everything about venus we can sent people there. nasa is finding ways to to explore venus like nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions.parapraph  this shows that sooner or later scientist will find a way to make venus survivable. the challenging parts are the floor of venus is way too hot, the text states that a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. the longest they can land there three weeks without getting burn. thats the main thing thats keeping humans from venus. venus is the closest planet to earth it has its differences and similarties. venus is the referred at twin to earth. scientistnasa are working on a way to make venus survivable.