what make a person wonder about how the other people feel about them? imagine being able to know exactly how a person feel and their emotion toward you or other things. dr. huang, the prof. of the beakman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, have created a way for us to figure people emotion. he created the facial action coding system. facial action coding system is a system that make you understand a person emotion by the muscles in their face. the use of this technology to read emotion is valuable for many reason.the reason are that it will make us understand how our friends are feeling, to make sure the politician or celebrity is being truthful, and it help us with our everyday life. the first reason is that the facial action coding stystem will help us understand how our friends feel. according to paragraph , and line , it stated that  you can probable tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. there always that friend that doesnt express herself well. if she need help with her life or when she is sad she wont understand how to express these emotion to her friends. this will help the people to understand how they feel and know when they need a shoulder to lean on. futhermore, the technology will help the citizen identify whether the politician or the president is being truthful. paragraph , line , it explain,  these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politicain or celebrity isnt being truthful. if we dont have this type of way to figure out if our politician are worth it, then the world would be a mess. we would never know if that person is very truthful in his or her job. also it a good way to find that good president that will guide us with real emotion and not a fake one. the last reason is that the tecnology will help us with our everyday life. according to the last paragraph, it stated that  moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them.putting on a happy face actually work! when we have work or when go out it always important to have a happy face. when you look mad and depressed, other people around you will know and they will judge you. having a happy face will make the other think highly of you. you will be able to get along with your coworker very well. it to make your life easier and better. in conclusion, facial action coding system is valuabe because it allow you to understand your peers emotion, when a politician is being truthful, and help you make many friend. some may argue that it personal and it not our buisness to know how a person feel. in order to make our world better, everyone should understand each other emotion for it to be easier to communicate. other will understand and make this world peaceful.