the author supports the idea of studying venus very well. they give informational texts such as statistics and important information that intrigues the reader into wanting to know more about our sister planet. he explains his idea,of studying venus, our sister planet , by using facts such as venus being the closest planet to us, describing the atmosphere the planet has on a daily basis, and incluiding the fact that even astronomers are fascinated by it. when the author said  venus is the closest planet to earth. despite earth and venus being our neighboring planet theres still many accomdations they must keep in mind,yes they have similar mountains and other landmade items, but its also very different. in paragraph,  the author tells us how about  percent of the planets atmosphere is consitsed of carbon dioxixde. this would surely put the life of a human in danger. with all of this information and comparing and contrasting being made the author is still able to provide us with accurate infromation about the planet itself. even astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well have once been the most earth like planet in our solar system the author says in paragraph . breaking it into a segment of fascination for the astronmers because it has so many earth like similarities such as, a surface of rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. the fact that land made surfaces, that are prominently known on earth,are being found on venus shocks the readers and provides them with an inspiration to see more similaritites. they go as far as to mention that venus may have once been scattered with oceans. this surpised me very much considering the fact that a planet a years travel away would have some of the same natural things happening on them. when discussing the possibility of traveling to the planet one day, the author describes the climate as being very hot. observing the planet from a ship orbiting or hovering far above the planet provides only limited sight on the ground conditions because some light simply cannot break past the dense atmosphere. due to the almost opaque climate nasa has been working on different approaches in order to study the climate. the author does a fantastic job of supporting his claim of venus being a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. they included some of the most important ordeals and questions some may have regarding to the situtation. they address the climate, astronomers fascination with the planet,and discussing the relativeness it has to earth. the author provides a strong claim at the end that somewhat encourages the reader, by saying  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and inovation he is saying that our advances in the future should not be limited, but adjusted to meet the requirements needed to expand our knowledge.