it takes more muscles in your face to frown than it does to smile. emotions are everywhere. people and animals around the world give off emotions everyday. joy, sadness, anger, doesnt matter, its a part of everyday life. facial action coding system, a software made by professor thomas huang, is allowing us to read peoples emotions, based simply on their faces. as cool as it is, there are some real life applications that can be used with this. whether it is for fun, or for research, facs can change the way see emotions. facs can be used for fun, research, or both at the same time. in the article, to test facs, they scanned the mona lisa and came up with the result saying she is,  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. this is when facs could be used for fun. imagine going to museums with the worlds most famous painters paintings, and scanning their faces. you could see what the artist wanted them to have their person feel like. also, you could use it on animals to see if your dog or cat really is excited or faking it. it doesnt have to be used soley for research, but can have a joking or fun aspect with it. now, it comes down to research. within the article, they explain its possibilities in classrooms to see if students are bored or losing interest. this can be used in classrooms to change the way the person is being taught if they are starting to lose interest because it can change the lesson to make it more interactive. if a person looks frustrated or stressed over a a lesson, the computer could find another way to explain the subject. or even if the person is excited, then it could make it more challenging to push them to do better. possibly, on the more controversial side, you could use this to detect malicious intent. if someone consistently seems upset and angry, it could warn the school or the persons counselor to have them talk to them about any issues theyre having. this could prevent possible future issues. lastly, they could use the information collected to make flexible lesson plans for entire schools or classes. there would be little to no downsides to having facs in classrooms. lastly, facs can be used for both fun and research. similar to the first paragraph, one could scan their animals face to see if it is excited, sad, or angry. not only could it be used for fun by scanning your pets faces, but it could be used for research to detect animal patterns or if an animal is sick. all that could help prevent or detect future problems in our pets. in conclusion, facs is a software that lets one determine someones emotions based on the look of their face. it can be used for research, fun, or both at the same time. facs could be put into classrooms to help make better learning plans, used to detect patterns between animals emotion for the well being, or just used to tell if your dog or cat is excited to see you. whether it is for fun, or for research, facs can change the way see emotions.