in this passage the author has more cons than pros on why studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite all the danger it that comes with it, i can say the few pros the author presents are fairly well but not good enough to make someone and even themselves believe that various forms of life can survie on the planet of venus. at the beginning of the article the author starts to compare venus to earth. they start off by saying that venus is often referred as the earths twin because, venus is the closest planet to earth in the terms of density, size, and occasionally distance. after comparing the two planets the author jumps right into the facts and cons about the planet venus. the author states since venus is right around the corner in space terms humans have sent several spacecrafts to land on the clouddraped world. then he follows with saying the previous missions were unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survied the landing for more than a few hours. these two statements wave big red flags. it has been three decades since the last mission. venus has a thick atmosphere of  percent of carborn dioxide, and thats not even the most challenging parts, the clouds contain highly corrosive sulfuric acid. venus temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, with the atmospheric pressure over  times greater than what the people living on earth experience. the conditions on venus are entirely far more extreme than the living conditions on earth. if the passage states all the facts about the extreme living conditons on venus and how it is pretty much impossible for any human to live there, why are scientists steady disscusing and planning more vists to the planet venus? the article states that the astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may have been the most earthlike planet in the solar system. the author brings up the history of the planet venus and how long ago, the planet waas covered with large oceans and could have supported different forms of life just like earth does. the passage also states that still to this day the planet venus has the features of valleys and mountains. as of right now and maybe over the next several decades venus will not be survivable nor a place to call home. if it is some way the nasa workers and astronomers to figure out how to remove the sulfuric acid, lower the extremely high temperatures and the atmospheric pressure then maybe you could say it was some hope. after they made the changes to the atmosphere they would then have to go venus test things out to see if it is  percent safe for human life, after all the test are ran they would have to man make everything from the sources of water, to places to sleep, and things to eat. in conclusion, if nasa workers could make these major changes to venus, then possibly there would be some hope to have human life available there but as of right now there is no way that any human could live there and be healthy and satisfied under the conditions that venus has now.