hello mr. fulkerson. i said, mr. fulkerson was a very stern and witty man. he would always be very strict with what is alowed and what isnt, but he loved people, he would always play or say hi to kids at the park, random kids that he didnt even know. since he loved helping people so much i asked him to join the unrra. hello mr. bomburger. said mr. fulkerson. so why am i here? you are here because i need to ask you something... umm...okay? what? well, you know how im working for the unrra? yea, what about it?  i want you to join. mr. fulkerson looked shocked, like he had just been hit by lightning. mr. fulkerson answered butbut... why me? i was kind of confused. wasnt it obvious? did he not know? was he joking? a million questions popped up in my head. who did he think he was? well...you are very good with children and animals. you would be very good with this job. but i have a family i need to look out for. and my pet snake wont feed himself. everyone who lives wiht me is afraid of snakes. they wont dare go near him! just hire someone who will go near him. i said but what about the yard, it grows like my daughters hair! he said worried you can just pay that kid across the street to cut it. the unrra is a great orginazation. you would be happy and forget about everything at home, it would give you time to just relax once. yea, i guess your right. he responded on the bright side! it must already be a hassle trying to clean all of the dishes. actually mrs. fulkerson does those. i just cut the lawn and clean the bathrooms. said mr. fulkerson still, you wouldnt have to worry about anything else happening, you could just help people, because thats what you like to do. yeah i guess so.  we could really use your help. our other lookout kind of fell overboard the ship... mr. fulkerson looked worried. just kidding! relief quickly brushed upon his face. the lookout had to go back home, his wife got in a car wreck, all we need is a replacement for a few days until he gets back. umm... ok,but when and where is it? on washington street in new york at  pm. meet us there to talk about it. i said