the author of the challenge of exploring venus definietly leans towards giving it all we got and pushing to find a way to land on venus. in paragraph , the author describes the different dangers of even being on venus, like the atmosphere being to thick and made out of carbon dioxide, and the tempatures being extremely high. even so, the author writes about how its the cloesest thing to earth beside mars, and even says it could have been covered by large oceans and mountains and could even support life on it at some point or another. paragraph  and  both talk about both of these points, along with paragraph , which includes nasa scheming up ideas for how avoid venuss dangerous conditions. such ideas include a blimp like vehicle  or so feet above the ground. although itd give much better insight than staying on the very edge of the planets atmosphere, such an idea wouldnt be able to recover samples of any kind since id be too high up. the author gives off even more ideas that nasa is thinking up, which lets the reader know that hes very headstrong about this situation and generally loves the idea of exploering earths neighbour. the author ends his passage by telling the reader that dangers and set backs shouldnt hold us back from exploring not just venus, but everything else in life. while therell be way more set backs and problems, the author is confident that the human race can achieve everything and expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. all in all, the author supports his claim greatly. he goes over why venus should even be explored, his and nasas ideas for exploering said planet, and the challenges it presents along the way. by the end of the story, the reader can tell that the author is very passionate about exploering this foreign planet that we all know of as earths relative, and hes very excited about what will come about these challenges and ideas nasa has came up with. we shouldnt be limited or set back by doubts and set backs, the authors right about that. we should reach for the stars and go in as headstrong about anything we face, just as the author did.