many look up into the sky and see venus, one of the brightest points in the night sky. while it looks like a star, it is actually a planet. in fact, it is a planet that is extremely difficult to examine closely. according to the author, it is transparent that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers due to the fact that venus used to be very similar to earth, the conditions are survivable, and that there are many approaches that can be taken to explore it. the author supports the idea that exploring venus has immense value well. foremost, venus used to be very similar to earth. scientists can research venus and discover its differences and similarities to earth. paragraph four of the article states, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may as well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this demonstrates that astronomers are curious about venuss transformation from a once earthlike planet to an inhospitable planet. paragraph four also states, furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. this is crucial because space travel can often take long periods of time. the travel time to venus will not take nearly as long as other space endeavors. in addition, venuss conditions can be survivable to humans. if the expeditions are controlled and cautious, endeavors to venus are definitely possible. in the article, paragraph five says,nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would alllow scientists to float above the fray. nasas plan for trips to venus would be similar to having a spacecraft hovering over venuss atmosphere. paragraph five also proclaims, air pressure would be close to that of sea level at earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this means that the journey and process will not be extremely hazardous. the conditions at thirty miles above venuss atmosphere would be simlar to the condtions on earth. the dangers are not present at this altitiude and astronomers are still able to collect useful data. moreover, there are many other innovative approaches to studying venus. paragraph seven states, for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted three weeks in such conditions. this displays how researchers can explore venuss surface without risking human lives. this method is safe and nonhazardous toward humans and is necessary to advance the research of venus. paragraph six declares, more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rocks, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough missionto understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. scientists are building machines to decrease levels of risk and contribute insightful knowledge to the cause, which makes exploration seem all the more desirable. overall, expeditions to venus are valuable. gaining statistics about venus will not only be helpful for scientists analyzing earth but also with future space missions. venus is close and similar to earth. exploration is survivable and can be safe with the right technology. the author presents these ideas thoroughly and accurately to inform that space travel to venus is a worthy pursuit. venus, one of the brightest stars in the sky, will lead travels from earth beyond doubts and towards innovation.