companies should stop the development of driverless cars. i believe there should not be driverless cars because they are no safer than or better than people driving the cars. if there are driverless cars there may be more accidents, the driver wont have complete control so they cannot try to prevent accidents from occuring, and people still do not know who to blame for when an accident does occur. driverless cars may cause more accidents to occur. they may cause more accidents because the cars cannot sence or see everything around them. people can see when someone is backing up at the same time as them in a parking lot and know to wait their turn, but a driverless car cannot. the car may also not be able to know if a car is backing up in front of them or not. the article mentioned that in a driverless car the car will let the person in the car take over if need be. the problem with this is that the person may not be paying attention and may not take the wheel in time. this would then result in an accident since no one would be driving. another thing is that driverless cars cannot see everything. they do have sencers, but the sencers could fail. if this were to happen then the car would not know about anything coming towards it or anything that could possibly be in the way. it would be like a drunk driver. another reason there should not be driverless cars is because the person in the car will not have complete control. this is a problem because then they will not be paying attention. it is mentioned in the article that drivers will probably get bored. being bored may result in falling asleep, which will then run into the problem of accidents again. this is because the person will not be able to take control of the car in time if need be. in the artilce they mention that the passenger still has to be holding on to the wheel. with this in mind it seems that it would just be easier for the passenger to drive themselves rather than a car drive them. lastly, no has decided on who to blame if an accident were to occur. the do not know if the car manufacturer should be blamed or if the passenger who owns the car should be blamed. this is a big question because if there is an accident, liability has to be covered. it is especially important to know who to blame in an accident if someone is injured. some might think it would make more sence to blame the passenger because they were in the car when it happened. others would blame the car manufacturer due to the fact that they made the car and the passenger was sitting in the car without any control. it may seem that driverless car are the way to go but they are really no better than what we have today. if anything they may be more dangerous. i believe there should not be driverless cars because they are no safer than or better than people driving the cars. driverless cars may cause more accidents, people will not have control over the car, and there is a big question on who to blame for an accident. so while it may seem like a great idea and alot of fun, driverless cars shoud not be developed because they are dangerous.