in the article  making mona lisa smile, we are introduced to a new type of technology. it is called the facial action coding system.  the process begins when the computerconstructs a d model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. therfore, this system can basically determine your emotions, based on the movement of your face muscles. it has been stated that this technology can read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom and i think this is a very valuable sysytem to invest in. in the text it was stated that ,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored and  then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. to this day technology is being used more and more in classrooms and this is just a great addition. in schools many students do not understand the topics being teached and just need to process things more slowly to understand. if a computer could pick up the fact that they are confused and make the lesson easier for them, it would allow them to learn at their own pace. taking things slowly rather than quickly is way more effective for many students across the world. not only would this benefit them but benefit the schools grade averages and teaching effectiveness. the facial coding system classifies six basic emotions happiness,surpise,anger,disgust,fear,and sadness. this system not only can help a teacher determine when you are confused but when you are expierencing emotions that might seem off at that particular moment. for example, if you are sitting down in a classroom and the computer detects you are very sad than this will alert your teacher that you need help. you teacher can provide help by talking to you and together you guys may solve your problem. this will allow you to then focus on what is being teached in class better. overall, the facial action coding system can help you both physically and emotionally. this system can not tell what is going on in your head but can sense your physical emotions. your physical emotions tell a lot about you. no matter if you are angry,sad,happy or surprised you can get help from other people. in a classroom full of students it is very hard for just one instructor to focus on the needs of every student. if this sytem is installed in classroom computers it can help your instructor to attend to each individual students needs personally and more effectively. the facial action coding system is very valuable for both teachers and students and proves to be a good investement in the education of hundreds of students globally if used.