have you ever been so confused when it comes to reading and understanding a person that you just ultimately cannot? a new technology system has been released to give exact percentages of a persons emotions just by looking into a camera. the facial action coding system was designed to decode by using some new computer software that can recognize human emotions . the test subject, the mona lisa painting by leonardo da vinci, has answered many questions when it comes to what she is expressing. the facs can be valuable in classrooms because it can help with the studies of human anatomy or psychology, and it can help others understand each other. calculating another persons emotions can help with understanding human anatomy and psychology classes at schools. for this software, human anatomy has a major role and stores similar anatomical informtaion as electronic code . the research going along with this system shows there are action units within facial structure that signifies the movement of one or more muscles. each of the six basic emotions that dr. paul eckman has classified are all associated with the facial muscles. it is important for students to know these muscles and learn how they work. according to eckman, your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes raises eyebrows when youre surprised and the orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger . this uptospeed technology comes up with information that no human could, but helps students become knowledgable of how it works. society is based on technology as of right now, and is the forefront of the younger generations, so this software should partake in a students learning. emotions are something that are unbelievably hard to understand when coming from other people. one typically cannot tell how a person is feeling just by the way they are looking, unless they are close with them personally. being able to understand someones emotions will benefit them and their surroundings, as they can get help if they are down or can have reassurance if they think someone is mad at them. students can become more aware of each other and can give more support to their peers. with a program like this, the most accurate percentages are provided, giving a description of how the person feels. in the mona lisa for example, she is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry . what other technology can get those numbers? the more understandment of each other that is within society is valuable and can potentially create peace amongst us all. the reason the world is in such a bad place is because there is that confusion within each other and nobody knows how anyone truly feels. if students can grasp this concept, this entire generation can change the hatred and all come together. as the years go by, society is becoming more and more aware of technology, making it have a greater effect on the population as a whole. in schools, technology is the greatest way of teaching and learning because curriculums can be made simpler. technology is all that will be there eventually, so we might as well use and understand it now. the facs can answer many questions about a person or group and how they live. the constant wonder and confusion in the world of how people feel about each other can come to an end and create peace. this can only begin with the young generations.