have yo ever wondered what it would be like without a car in america or anywhere else? well im going to give you a little on how it feels not to have a car. first, vauban germany residents which they are an upscale community which they are suburban pioneers with just a few soccer moms or commuting executives. french and swiss borders streets are  carfree except the main thoroughfare, where freiburg runs. owners must get a larger garage or the must park on a large edge which can lead up form , just right along with a home. as the results came in  percent of vaubans families do not own a car and most of them like  percent sold their cars in order to move where they was from to be down in vaubans. as heidrun walter say  im much happier this way she is just a mother of two and she walks right along verdant streets where the swish of the biycles and the children and adults chattering instead of hearing a loud motor coming up and down the streets where her and two children walk on. next, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. they enforced this law on a monday for evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a big fine. the same would apply to oddnumbered plates on that following day. almost , drivers were fined and according to the reuters about twentyseven people had their car impunded due to they got into a phyiscal altercation with the police officers when they was handing them their tickets or they wouldnt comply to the rules that they had made so that they could clear the air. diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to about . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, according to the reuters. the smog cleared enought monday for the ruling french party to rescined the ban for oddnumbered plates on a tuesday with the complaintes from delivery companies for the lost of revenue, while they didnt expect to have a hyrbid cars with only carrying three or more passaengers at that time. finally, bogota, colombia a capital city where during most days they hiked, biked, skated or even took buses to work during a carfree day like yesterday, leaving their cars on the streets nearly devoided a traffic jam on the side of that street. just being its third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the days without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. despite gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on bogotoa.  the rain hasnt stopped people from participating, said bogota mayor antanas mockus. carlos arturo plaze and his wife have rode a twoseat bicycle so that they can help stop the smog. in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily which lead to that most of americans either dont have jobs in order to pay to get a new car or that people with jobs either brought cheaper cars which held aleast amount of gas. there was a drop in the percentage of toyearolds getting their license, while most of the older genertation just retain their licenses as they age, mr. sivaks research has found. in conclusion, having cars in certain places is a dangerment not only to that city or state but to their people and the air pollution which can lead to way more dangerous things.