car usage in the world is high. people use their cars to get anywhere and everywhere. even it is down the street to the store. some countries however are taking a stand and putting a limit on car usage. too much car usage can cause smog and greenhouse gas emissions. if you are one of those people who disagree with the limit of car usage, maybe you would be okay with having a carfree day like the city of bogota, columbia has. americas greenhouse gas emissions are high compared to europes. americas greenhouse gas emissions is up to  percent. unlike europes which is at a small  percent. this however, is because of smart planning. smart planning is where you seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement, which is called smart planning. vauban, germany has figured out a way to reduce the use of cars. street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district, states elisabeth rosenthal.  percent of vaubans families do not own cars.  percent of these people sold their cars to move to this new experimental district. people in this new district have said things such a, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. the feedback from this is so far so good. the people who are running this new concept have made sure that stores were very close, therefore people dont have to take highways to get to the mall. in paris, france cars were not being used for a day. after days nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city, states robert duffer. the smog in paris was thick and intense because of the cars. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog. on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day, states robert duffer. paris was doing their best to limit the smog in their city and the only way of doing it successfully was to limit the car usage for the week. in bogota, columbia they have a carfree day every year. their only way of transportation is hiking, biking, skating, or taking buses. this limits traffic jams in the city for people who commute to work. andrew selsky says, it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced a  fine. because of this the city has more walk ways and bike paths. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalkd rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. all in all a carfree day is very benifically to this city of bogota. there are some advantages of limitation of cars. smog is reduced and so is greeenhouse gas emissions. the air will be cleaner and more pure and people will be happier because they wont have to deal with the frustration of driving. we can all use just one day of no driving, for a better cleaner earth and a happier you.