the author of this passage supports the idea of venus being a worthy pursuit despite the dangers with good points. the author talks about the dangers of exploring and also why it would do good if we explored. in my essay i will talk about the pros and the cons of exploring venus. the author thinks exploring venus is a worthy pursuit because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors, this basically means that goinng to venus and exploring will lead us to exploring more and different parts of the solar system. not only that but also the insight to be gained on venus, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself getting insight on venus and how it is on that planet can be impotant not only because we learn but because we can discover new things. the other reason venus is a worthy pursuit is because our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. where and how we explore things should not be limited because its dangerous, we should do beyond impossible to explore and discover new things. although these are good points theres also a few issues. it is extremely hot in venus, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. not only is it hot but the clouds are dangerous, the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. these are good reasons to not go but nasa is already working on new equipment for the exploration nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus knowing how nasa works theyre most likely doing their best and will make it possible to explore venus. in conclusion the author is correct about venus being worthy to get explored even if theirs danger. even if theres a bunch of danger and doubt it is still worth exploring. nasa is working on equipment to help out and because it will motivate more explorations to happen. their are more pros than cons in exploring and it will be possible in the near future.