i honestly think that having driverless cars are not a very smart idea. i mean, how will kids know that our generation use to manually drive around with our hands and feet. also the enjoyment we had doing so. the google cars they have made that are able to drive on their own can make a human being lazy beacuse the driver would be effortless to drive around and could let their car drive. people can talk about how drivers can fall asleep while manually driving. but how about these google cars? they said in the article that a google car can drive on its own , but it can still alert the driver to take control of the car when its around complicated traffic , such as navigating through roadworks or accidents. if the google car was meant to be driverless it would not have to alert the driver to take control in situations it was built and designed for. so the driver should not be alerted to do such a thing. i think we should keep driving the way we are today. drivers are more focused driving themselves instead of being lazy , because no driver wants to get in an accident themselves. so theyre more alert and have better drivning experience everyday they drive to a certain destination. also the senors we have today are more enough because they alert us when another car is to close to us. we do not have to be alerted when to drive. i do think that we need better brakes that will not be worn out or broken. but instead people want to make driverless cars. how about making cars that dont have to run on gas or be to costly ? indistructable tires? car glass that dont break? airbags that dont harm or knock people out? all of these harms and they are worried about how to establish a driverless car. the car can alert you to take control, but what if you forget some of your driving expirence or get startled? also what would happen if the car does not alert the driver? can it alert the driving if the tires need more air pressur? or an oil change ? i think that should be something to conern about the just making future drivers lazy to drive around. i honestly think that having driverless cars in the future are even more dangerous than the cars we use today.