driverless cars should not be created as they are unpredictble and are not very relilable. the article driverless cars are coming explains the basic functions of driverless cars and the safety and dangers of driving one. the article driverless cars are coming states that the driverless cars that exists today are not completely driverless. they are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. the sensors on a driverless car are unable to maneuver through work zones and around accidents. the driver basically waits around for their turn to drive. the point of a driverless car is so that the driver does not have to necessarily pay attention. the driverless cars that exist today require the driver to remain alert and be ready to take control of the car. the driverless car becomes useless if it still requires a driver. the driver would need to pay as much attention in the driverless car as they did in a regular human automated automobile. in most states its illegal to even test computerdriven cars. traffic laws focus on keeping drivers and pedestrians safe. if we were to have driverless cars, traffic laws would mostly likely have to change to accomidate. googles modified toyota prius uses plenty of sensors needed for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. sebastian thrun, the founder of the google car project believes withat with the technology that we have today, we are finally able to make improvements to the driverless car that in the the past would have cost millions. driverless cars can steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but only in certain road conditions. while the driverless car appeals to a majority of the population due to its futuristic feel, they are not entirely reliable. the driverless car must be human operated when navigating through work zones and around accidents. the car is also unpredictable. with most technology these days, malfunctions can occur spontaneously. if the brake on the driverless car were to stop working, then the driver and the passengers who are not paying attention could get seriously injured. driverless cars, while an innovative idea, are not necessarily the best idea. driverless cars still require the driver to be alert. the technology that drives the car could break down at any moment and cause harm to the occuptants. technology can be helpful, but it is best to not completely depend on it.