nonverbal communication is often used more than verbal. the way someone stands, moves, or sets their face can tell others more of what they feel then what they are told however, these social cues arent always understood. technology is impacting the world greatly and the facial action coding software may seem like just another gadget, but it could change the way of teaching to specialize for individuals. though the thought of computers identifying all emotions is slightly unsettling there are many benefits that may clome along with the software. in schools, there are many students who struggle with the cirriculum because they do not understand the way it is being taught. from the teachers point of view, it may look like they are not engaged because the arent interested in learning the material. it may actually be because they are not understanding the material. a face that looks bored is usually a straight mouth and dull eyes, a confused face could look similar but with furrowed brows. there may not be a noticable difference between a bored face and a confused face that a teaher can spot especially while looking at many faces at a time. according to the article, the software detects facial movements and compares them to a nutral face to calculate the percent of an emotion someone is feeling. having this software in classroom computers could benefit both the students and the teachers in many ways. along with modifying the lesson, the computers could collect data of how a student was reacting during an assignment or during a lecture and then notify the teacher or professor about the results. if many of the students are confused by what is being taught, the teacher could reword the lectures in a way that might be more clear. if the students are becoming quickly bored of the material then the teacher may need to make some assgnment a little more challenging. the software can also show the teacher when students get exited about certain topics or when they are frightened by an assignment. when assignments are turned in and the result is bad grades, many teachers may assume that the student isnt trying their best, but there may be many other reasons why the work wasnt what was expected. with the facial action software, the teachers would be able to understand why the student didnt do the work properly. if they were confused then the teacher could suggest way to understand better, if the student was bored and didnt try, the teacher may talk about the importance of grades. even if this software isnt able to be avalible in schools, learning about facial actions and cues can benefit everyone. the article give instructions to make a happy face by highlighting points that are present in a naturally happy face. learning instructions to making the faces of many emotions can be a helpful tool in classrooms and in many other environment when communication is needed. emotions are a very personal thing and it should be the persons choice whether to show their emotions or not however, this technology in class rooms may improve the teavhing style so that there arent as many kids struggling to pass their classes.