the challenge of exploring venus is an article about the exploration of venus. the article says mainly about how difficult, but worth it, is to explore and learn more about this planet. the author of this article makes clear that venus is one important planet to be researched, most because of its supposed past. as mentioned in the article venus has harzadous conditions. for instance, the atmosphere is mainly carbon dioxide and sulfuric acid which makes the planet extreamelly hot and, because of the acid, corrosive. another point is that this planet is the hottest of all solar system, with average of  fahrenheit. as we can see, this planet is hard to study and learn about it, however, studies proved that venus might had life before. on the article, he also presents the composition of the planet, which is similar to earth, even being called as sisters. also is the closest planet to earth, and in the life belt a safe part of the solar system that life is habitable, making even more attemptable to research it. because of that scientists are trying to find solutions to overcome the harsh weather and atmosphere. the planet have series of similar disasters as earth, such as vulcano eruptions, earthquakes, lightning strikes, showing even more the similarities of the planets, the way that it behaves is similar to earth, which again, might show profs that before something happened, this planet had life, and abundant water. with that in the mind of hundreds of confused scientists trying to find a way to actually know what happened or if this is really true, researches for making these researches in venus are getting better and better. the national aeronautics and space administration nasa already found some possible ways to get some evidence in this harsh planet. they are working in simple eletronic with silicon that survived three weeks in the same conditions as venus. human is getting closer and closer to find a safe way to research and find a conclusion in this misterious planet. in conclusion, this article have really good points, showing the importance of researching this planet, even though the difficulties. researchers are finding better ways to finally might make a robot that can survive and get materials for studing, and hereafter find the real past of this fenomenal planet,