the author presents both good and bad aspects of driverless cars by explaing some of the problems we already have. sergey brin, cofounder of google, can see our future on this planet with driverless cars. he believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. . without the option of smarter roads, manufacturers turned to smarter cars . some compnies have already started to think about how much smarter do the cars need to be ? they have already started to add more positionestimating sensors to the cars. they add sensors to the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor . why would anyone want a driverless car that still need sa driver?  that proves to be an excelent question. if they have created something that is supposed to be driverless. it should hbe able to handle everything and anything thrown its way. if theres a wreck, find another route before reaching it. if theres road construction or a policemanwoman, get over out of the way or move over into the lane beside you. why should we have to take control because the driverless car cant do it by its self? we should be able to sit back and not have to wait for our turn to take control of the car. wouldnt drivers get bored waiting their turn to drive?  we shouldnt have to. if they cretaed it to do everything in the kitchen. why leave out the kitchen sink? we want it to have everything including the kitchen sink. everything like steering, parking, turning, stopping, starting, climate control, and finding our perfect seat comfort setting. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that saftey is best achieved with alert drivers.  there should be laws for not only the drivers, passengers and pedestrians but also for the companies. the people and machines who make the cars should also test them to make sure they are safe for us. the ones who will be using the cars, trucks, vans and other vehicles for everyday needs. automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved.  the people andor machines that are creating these vehicles are now making sure that any problem the future may hold has been acessed before it has come up. they are making sure to have all their bases covered. my position on driverless cars is that if they do finally get them to drive without a driver then they should also check for any other problems and solutions in case in the future they run into them.