some people argue that a new technology callled the facial action coding system is valuable to read emotional expressions of students. the facial action coding system is valuable to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom. the use of the new technology to read students expression should be used because it can help communicate, it can help identify certain things, and it can help teachers. the new facial techonolgy could help with communcation in classroms. in paragrapgh  it states, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang. so computers need to understand that, too. this shows how this new technology helps communication between other humans be more understanding. also, knowing what someone is really feeling when a conversation is being held in a classroom. instead of students hiding their emotions teachers will really know how kids are feeling. facs, the facial ation coding system is improving other techonolgy. according to paragrapgh  it says that to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this reveals how identyify humans emotions could be accurate even when they face may look like something else. also, being in a classroom it would help determine if a student is lying by a guilty look students may try and hide. this technology could help the classroom in many other situations. the facs could help out teacher in various situations in class. in paragraph  it cites that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this shows how the coding system could help teachers spot out the right students who needs help. in some situation where teachers may ask students do everyone understand something and someone is not brave enough to speak up and say no and move one without knowing what to do this could help teachers know wether students truly understand or maybe not on task. the new technology, the facial action coding system gives teachers relieable and accurate information about students which will help out teachers tremendously. the use of the new electronic device used to read students expression should be used because it can help communicate, it can help identify certain things, and it can help teachers. using the facial action coding system in class to determine emotional expression of students is valuable.the techonology provide helpful use according to dr. huang.