i can see why you can think that the face on mars is some form of proof that either alien life did at one time or is still cuurrently on mars . the human mind is meant to think, imagine and wonder what if. lets say these aliens are in fact real and constructed the face in order to communicate with us. carving a giant face has got to be one of if not thee least effective way of dong so. these aliens very well could have simply just put a peice of shiney metal on the surface and the mgs would have seen it and we would probaly think hey, this unknown element is here on the surface of a planet where there are no metals. not only would it make us think that there is indeed metals on mars but then we would think hey metals most usually form deep undergroud so there is no reason for this to be on the surface. that would be a valid way of letting us know hey, we exist. also another thing, if aliens made the face how is it no footprint s were found. and theres no wind on mars they coulnt have blown away. seriusly, thats a big project so youre gonna need a lot of your alien buddies to help you out with it and no footprints....hmm. well hey,maybe they have got giant eagle wings and fly everywhere. yeah, on a planet that has no gravity! lets face it though ha, face, get it? everybody loves a good supernatural  story. i believe that this is nothing more. once in  a nasa spacecraft was looking for a place to land, and there on the surface they found... a huge humans face carved out of the surface mount rushmore style....wooouuh in conclusion, the very thought that aliens somehow carved a face onto mars is ridiculis . and the final nail in the coffin? when you hear conspiricy theorist you think of a frail, usually middle aged, pale becuase he hasnt stepped out of his trailer in weeks, guy with a aluminum cone on his head and always taling about howthe man is out to get him. also he is dirty becuase hasnt shaved or showered in like a year. his trailer thats in the middle of nowhere has got newspaper scoch taped on the windows and the inside is filled with shelves of alien communicating devices yeah well, tell e.t. i said hi