imagine a day where there will be no driver at the steering wheel of a car, problems would eventually arise, specially if there are accidents and people dont know who to blame. driverless cars that exist today are not entirely driverless, they someone who can take comand if there are traffic problems or construction ahead. everyday technology advances more and more, some companies believe that in the future there will be cars that opeate by themselves without the need of having someone there incase of a problem, some companies even have a prediction for when such cars will come out into the market. driverless cars shouldnt be on the road. first of all, driverless cars shouldnt be be on the road because they will not be able to operate correctly if there is a problem in the raod. driverless cars today still need someone there incase there are problems in the road that only humans can take care of, how will a car know what to do in this type of situation, they dont think like people. there are situations that could happen while a driverles car is on the road that sometimes can not be foreseen, therefore the car cannot be programed for such situation. humans normally know what to do if there are roads constructions ahead or there is something on thee road, like a ditch to avoid, and in these situations how can a car see what goes on in the road. even if the cars were to have sensors for the outside, what about the inside, if there was a problem with the passanger the car wouldnt be able to tell what to do. additionally, driverless cars shouldnt be on the road because how would law apply to them. there are many accidents that happen in the road every day, law is applied in this situations to know who is to take the blame and what to do. in the situation of a driverless car it would be dificult to pinpoint how law would apply to them, if an accident were to happen, would the manufacturer or the driver be the one to take the balme. there isnt even a driver in this car, and sometimes technology malfunctions occur, so no one could really take the blame. with time anything can malfunction, but if an accident that involves death is to occur how would the problem be managed if there is only a car, technology, to blame and take resposibility. most importantly, driverless cars shouldnt be on the road beacuse there will be too many expenses. if there would be driverless cars in the future, how much would you be charged for being taken somewhere by such a car. in todays world there is almost always a cost in order to get any type of service, the drverless car would, most likely, have a cost in order to be used, and at first that wouldnt be cheap. a driverless car would steal chaufers jobs, and sometimes those jobs are all that sustain some people, so this car would make many not have a way to get paid. at first when this cars are being constructed, how will they be paid for, each city would probably have to spend a vast amount of money to get this cars so they can start operating. in conclusion, driverless cars shouldnt be on the road. if these cars were on the road there will be too many expenses, how would law apply to them, and they wont be able to operate correctly if there is a problem on the road. there will be many problems with these cars, and conflicts will be harder to slove with them. if they are released into the market, a person should first think of all the things and conflicts that may arise just because of one car before using it.