have you ever thought of that computers can help correct our flaws? researchers in the past have told us that humans are not perfect and will make mistakes. driverless cars can prevent accidents that are caused by distractions. driverless cars will only use half the fuel and has more flexibility than a bus. driverless cars should have a chance to come out in the market. researchers devoted their lives in figuring out things that are extraordinary such as knowing that computers do not have souls. they can be programed to do anything such as driving a car for you. who needs a driver when engineers can invent a system where the car can drive itself. according to the article driverless cars are not truly driverless. google cars are not truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with a complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidentsdriverless cars are coming . of course their can technical difficulties with the system. however, we as people are advancing in technology every single day and some day someone is going to figure out the problem and fix it. everybody should look at the bigger picture. driverless cars can prevent accidents that are simply because a person is distracted from hisher phone. no one should suffer a loss because of a simple mistake like checking on text messages or phone calls. according to the article  manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driverdriverless cars are coming . the car has better qualities than the cars today. google cars even spend more time driving because the car will only use half of the gas that taxi uses. imagine thinking on how much gas money that a ordinary person can save. according to the article  the cars he forssees would use half the fuel todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a busdriverless cars are coming, sergey brin . to conclude, driverless cars need that chance to be accepted into our society. these cars are being researched by scientist and engineers every day. even when they were experimenting with these cars they noticed that it prevent accidents caused by distraction. sergey brin forsees a better future for the people of america. people lives are on the line when they are on the road.