the challenge of exploring venus. venus is the most like planet ou there venus sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest pointes of light in the night sky, making it a simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. one day go outsaid in look up to the sky you can maybe see venus when the sky is clean. venus is the second planet from our sun. as venus is simple to see from the sidtant bistant but safe ventage point of earth, it has poroved a very challenging place to examine more closely. as referred to as the earths twin, venuse is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in the distance too. venus and the earth they orbit the sun at differnt speeds. these differences in the speed mean the sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus and is becuase venus is sometimes right around the corner. maybe this issue explains why not a single spacseship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. that is a very long time. numerous facotrs contribute to venus reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highlt corrosive sulfuic acid in venus atmosphere if people go to venus they will dead because there will be a lot of oxgen for people to have a life there. on the planets surfave temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmopheric pressure is  times greater than what we expernce on our own planet. there is no away the we can do anything when  times greater in our planet. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system even though mercury is closer to our sun. venus was probably covered largely with ocenas and could have supported various forms of life just like the earth today, venus still had some featres like the earth had like is has a surface of rocky sedimenet and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. we can stay in the planet but is away to hot to have life there. nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. i think is a good to study other planet becuase what if something happen to the earth where are we going to go we need another planet that is like the earth. how are we going to do it, when is going to happen.