the use of this technology that allows people and teachers to read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom is valuable. this new technology can be used to detect whether a student understands the lesson or is confused on a subject. professor thomas huang has developed a new way to use technology that can recognize how each person is feeling, based on their facial and emotional expressions. artist, leonardo da vinci, studied human anatomy all his life and used this study to create paintings that can percieve a certain facial expression to convey certain emotions. leonardo da vincis painting, mona lisa, was used by the technology dr. haung created to determine what exactly she was expressing. in the painting, she seems to be,  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. this was all shown by using the technology many people are trying to get into the classroom to help students and teachers better understand each other. the software broke down each expression she has on her face to figure out how da vinci wanted her to feel and show through facial emotions. in classrooms, teachers can often tell whether or not a student understands the materials based on there emotions the student gives out in the classroom. dr. haung has researched over this concept and has made this software that allows, a classroom computer that could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this would allow teachers or college professors to better teach students that do not understand the materials, like some students would. the computers software could also allow teachers to understand if the students are benefitting from the lesson or if they understand the topic being taught to them. there are many different facial muscles that can show a certain emotion based on how you are feeling. the frontalis pars lateralis, which is found above your eye, will raise your eyebrows when you are feeling surpised. the orbicularis oris, which is found all around the mouth, will tighten your lips to show that you have been angered by someone or something. dr. haung has been working with dr. paul eckman and his facs machine facial action coding system to better understand what and how facial expressions can be found. the facs machine is something that can classify six of the major emotions that can be found on your face like, happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. these muscle based emotions and the use of the facs machine can let the teachers in the classroom know, if a certain student is struggling or if one student is excelling in the topic or class in general. facial muscles, emotions, and new discoveries with technology are all ways to determine if a student is having trouble in the classroom. it is a beneficial way to read emotion expressions of these students and is considered a very valuable discovery of technology. new emotions can be made clear by expression or using the facs machine.