at a glace, the face of mars could be misunderstood as an alien artifact. the scientists at nasa are more than sure it is nothing but a rock formation, an illusion caused by the the shadows it causes. the picture still bacame an icon over its false label however. for two and a half decades, people believed there were aliens outside of the atmosphere placing these on planets. it wasnt until a more clear camera came around that the face really was shown. to the dismay of many conspiracy theorists, the face is nothing more than a mesa. as jim gavin, cheief scientist of nasas mars exploration program calls it reminds him most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. not only are these rock formations common on mars barren landscape, but also the living, breathing planet that is our home. mesas are highly common on earththis one on mars just so happens to look like the face of a person.with all of the media attention it recieved, the article even says defenders of the nasa budgetwish there was an ancient civilation on mars. we can infer that nasas findings were not that of aliens, as though they currently do not have the funds for space exploration projects, with people unsatisfied of nasa saying it was just an odd formation of rocks, nasa took pictures of it on april , , and again on april , . as the images becaome sharper and shaper over time, it looks less and less like a human head. with the better pixels, people could see that it was just as nasa made it out to be a mesa. with this picture, many theories around the face were not as credible. some might say that it still might be from an alien. even so, it seems like something you would see on our world that scientists could prove naturally. the rock formation being common on earth, and multiple pictures across  years is sufficent enough to be proven false.nasa also mentions that the main reaon for the rocks looking as they are are from the strange shadows over it, giving the illusion of a face. the main reason for all the attention it got was simply because ofa trick of the eye. nasa also includes that clouds on the surface could be another reaon it looks as such. keeping these things in mind, its safe to say that the face people see is just a natural part of mars. the same natural formation can be found around our world .the reason people believed it to be something more was because a poor quality camera by todays standards. since the, we can better understand how it looks. what would it look like with a camera today?