in the article  making mona lisa smile, dalto describes a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. one of the creator of this software dr. huang said his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code  paragraph . going on, it knows your feelings by the zygomatic major muscles that begin at your cheek bone that lifts the corners of your mouth. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because this new modern software can tell you how your peers are feeling. furthermore, imagine being able to detect exactly how your friends are feeling even when they are trying to hide their emotion. pretty awesome! for example,  they even indicate the difference between a geniune smile and a forced one paragraph . this shows that the software can even tell the difference between a fake and a real one. so, that means if your friends are feeling down you can just notice by trying that new software. another example, using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in a painted face. paragraph . this example shows that a software can identify mixed emotions. also, we humans perform this same calculation everyday, but in a different way. thus, faces dont lie those mucles  zygomatic major and risorius clues are sometimes used to stop when a smile is fake or real. therefore, this software can help you know what your peers are feeling and each facial traits that conveys happy. going on, this software is very modern. for example, all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles  paragraph . this shows that the creators are trying to make the software scan a persons facial as close as possible. another example,  happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness paragraph . this shows that the software can alnost detect every feelings. which is a great news. thus, if you tighten your lips it shows anger and thats how the computer knows your angry. pretty smart! in conclusion, using this technology to read the emtional expreessions of students in a classroom is valuable. it can perform precisely specific emotions of your peers by simply scanning their faces. thus, mention in paragraph , it can also pick what ads or video games to show by judging your face to make sure you are happy. going on, the computer understands all this from your facial muscle movements. therefore, the new software is a valuable thing to use on students to express their feelings.