i think that having driverless cars is the most ignorant things i have ever heard. since when do we put out lifes on the line just so a machine can drive itself. what is going to happen when a dder runs out in the middle of the road and your little driverless car doesnt vibrate or beep in time for you to react and instead of just hitting the deer, the car makes its own choice to swerve out of the way putting your life in even more danger. i dont believe that there is a technology that can just make choices and stuff on its own. why not try this type of expierement with trains first and still have the conductor on board just in case anything goes wrong. i will admit, at first it struck my attention but the more i kept reading on and on about how there driver still has to be present during the drive because the car doesnt know what to do when there is an accident or construction going on up ahead. yes, there are idiot drivers out in the world today and yes they have caused a lot of accidents buti would rather there be a idiot driver out there compared to a machine that thinks on its own but only has to have a driver present. think bout this, in the article it stated about putting cameras in the vehicle to keep an eye out on the driver. well sadly, whether you like it or not nobody will pay full attention in a driverless car, people will get way too comfortable and start texting or jamming out to the radio. for example, people dont even pay full attention nowadays in their own car going down the road in full control. i think the whole camera idea is the most ignorant part about it. if you are so worried about what the driver is going to be doing and keeping you safe from getting sued, then i suggest that you dont even bother wasting your time and money trying to make this car work. even if they did have cameras on the inside and outside of the car, what do you think would happen if a little kid or a deer ran out right in front of you and the cars little fancy cameras didnt have time to pick it up and brake. whos fault would it be? in my opinion, it would be the manufacteres fault because if they tell me oh this car is great, its a driverless car annd when theres a curve coming up and the car doesnt decide to turn and goes off the road putting my family and is life in danger. id sue the manufacturer for everything they had becuase they lied to me. the choice is yours, buy what you want to buy. all i am saying is to make sure it is what you want and that it will keep you safe!