venus is the second planet closest to the sun and sometimes the closest to earth. this planet has one of the hottest temperatures in our solar system. some think it would be great to visit but others arent so sure about that. in this i will give reasons on why we should visit, a reason on the bad stuff and why the good outweighs the bad. venus is a great place and is believed to once be inhabbited by humans. it would be interesting to actually see why some believe this and how it wouldve worked. the text states in paragraph  today venus still has some features that are analogous to earth. i wanna see what these features are how close do they look like earths features. another reason venus would be a great place to visit is because it will be cool to see how they do it. they plan on sending someone there and having them float  miles in the air so they wont be harmed by venus. this is interesting because they already have an idea on what they can do. if they do this it will be one of the greatest pull offs in history. venus has a temperature of about  degrees fahrenheit but floating in the air will make it only  degrees fahrenheit and with the air pressure close to sea level there it would be suitable for humans. some say we shouldnt visit venus because it is too dangerous. which could be true with extreme temperatures and no garuntee of what could happen. for all we know they could have a erupting volcano but dont we all think it is worth the risk. if someone is willing to go there for the greater good i say let them try and we will all pray he comes back. we dont want anyone harmed by the radiation, is what most people say. when in contact with radiation your body can do a number of things but commonly you could die. that is why there is already a plan in order to keep this from happening. there are many reasons for each side of the argument. but in my opinion if someone is willing to visit venus at least let them try. venus is a bright beautiful place that we can see part of when its in the sky. if we can explore venus and find out what happened when it was believed to have been inhabbited by humans then we can find a solution. if anything ever happens to earth we need another place to go and if we find a way to add water and drop the temperature of venus we could find our place. everyone will have their own oppinions on what we should do so i ask of you if you were in there what would you do. would you be an over protective baby or let someone try and make a name for themselves. we need to learn to let our fellow people make their own decisions and if someone wants to explore venus let them try. we can give them the equipment and the floating vehicle when we get come back with fascinating facts on venus.