a world without cars is a world we should all want to live in. participating in this worldwide fad has been known to benefit the lives of those among us. thus, causing a decrease in the amount of stress one inhabits, as well as a decrease in pollution, and beneficial effects on carbon emissions. the advantages of limiting car usage are increasing daily, and cutting your time spent driving may have a positive effect on not only your life but your families, and those surrounded by you. traveling across the world to germany, you will find vauban. a wellknown, upscale community where more and more soccer moms and commuting executives are giving up their cars. this experimental, new district has generally forebidden street parking, driveways, and home garages. therefore seventy percent of the residents in this community do not have cars, and fiftyseven percent sold a car to move to this ecofriendly habitat. one resident, heidrun walter says, when i had a car, i was always tense, im much happier now. the atomosphere of this residence has a positive effect on stress, meaning it decreases it! the vibe of walking down a street filled with the swish of bicycles passing by, and the chatter of wandering children has lowered the stress of nearly all residents. this ecofriendly, and stressfree enviroment is a trend that is growing and being adopted by many countries, including the u.s. from chicago to shanghai, this residential area may be the place for you. paris, france, home to the famous eiffel tower even has its pollution problems. after days of uncontrollable smog, the ruling french party enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of thiis wellknown city. they ruled that on mondays evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their vehicles at home, and on tuesdays, oddnumbered license plates were to do so as well. after this first trial, the congestion was down sixty percent in the capital of france. this was a huge success since paris typically has more pollution that other european capitals. temporary laws like this have a huge effect on reducing the amount of pollution in crowded cities. even the city of love has unclean air, how romantic is that? limiting the usage of cars benefited this society immensely, and it could benefit our world as a whole if all of us chose to cut back our car usage at least twice a week. automobiles are the beyonce of suburbs, where families from california all the way to sydney tend to make their homes. experts have concluded that this is a huge impediment to current efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes all around the world. passenger cars in europe are only responsible for twelve percent of these emissions, while america is responsible for up to fifty percent. president obamas goals to drastically curb these greenhouse gas emissions will be assisted by a shift in american behavior fewer americans getting their license. studies have shown less and less of americas youth are prioritizing getting their license. if this pattern persists, it will have a beneficial effect on the reduction of carbon emissions being released into the environment. this calls for less pollution, and a more ecofriendly, healthy society for us all. in conclusion, limiting car usage in your daily life can cause a drastic change. these changes include a decrease in the amount of stress one inhabits, to less pollution, and a beneficial effect on carbon emissions. our society as a whole has the opportunity to reduce car usage, so why not grab it while we have the chance. a healthier environment calls for a healthier you.