venus is second nearest planet to earth. it is known as the evening star, but in reallity its classified as a planet. venus is a planet that holds a thick atmosphere filled with carbon dioxide. its temperatures can reach up to the hundreds and the pressure can be very extreme. despite these disadvantages the author does a very well job suppporting the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit. since venus is so close we could find possible solutions, have new scientific infromation, and it could possibly lead us to build machines able to land on the surface. venus is the closest planet to earth. we could easily send machines to travel towards venus without wasting time. the article states,these differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus.this supports the idea because there are many possible solutions to go to venus without causing any costly damages and by providing endless insights. by going over to the planet it allows us to discover new information without facing any troubles in waiting. by exploring venus we are able to discover more information about the planet. in paragraph four the article states,long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this helps support the claim because it could have a benificial effect on how scientist view the planet. it could lead to new scientific discoveries and varius exlporations. we could discover new information on how the planet may have thrived long ago. by contributing meaningfully to our knowledge of venus we could learn how to build new technologies to safley land on the planet. we could build stronger metal that could resist the planets temperature and pressure. in paragraph seven the article states,by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. this helps the authors idea because we could possibly build new machines to land on venus once we have plentyful information about the planet. the machine would be able to resist the hostile conditions and have plenty of solar power. despite all the challenges that venus presents it could be possible to expand our knowledge since venus is so close. it could have a greater impact on how scientists view the planet. it could potentially lead to new technologies being able to land on the surface. the author did a perfect job using reasons to support the claim that studying venus is a worthy pursuit.