venus is a very powerful and beautifully dangerous planet, why wouldnt we want to explore her unknown? the author of the challenge of exploring venus believes this question is a worthy one and believes it is worth the dangers. the author supports his idea well and allows for the readers to understand how important it is. venus is a worthy pursuit for the author and has given many details on how it can be achieved. the author states that the surface of venus is very close to what earth is now and was once the same as earth. stated in paragraph , long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. scientists at nasa are working to get close and personal with venus and allowing the risks to be conquered. paragraph  illustrates,for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. the other project that will allow scientists to still have working things in the conditions of venus is a mechanical computer. these computers need no electronics and use gears and levers to work. they are sturdier and more durable. as said in paragraph ,modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme conditions. the author firmly believes that the temperatures of  degrees fahrenheit and the pressure that is  times greater than earth does not inhibit him from wanting to pursue it further. the author illustrates how the dangers and problems scientists are facing do not out weigh the curiousity of the minds of the human race. he supports the idea with powerful and strong details. with all of our curiousity focused on our strange and beautiful neighbor venus, why would we ever stop trying to learn more about her? the beautiful mystery that is venus is a wonder to all that wish to know. she isnt called the evening star for nothing, she shines and is pursued.