wouldnt it feel amazing to walk down the sidewalks to go some where and know that you are helping save our planets ozone layer. well you would be! limmiting car usage is starting to become the next big focus and some people have found some benifical advantages to the limit of car usage. it would reduce the emission of green house gases greatly. businesses would see a tremedious profit because of people walking. although, some people wouldnt like this at all because it would take more time to get to one place, they still could car pool or even get some exersice by walking or riding a bike. green house gags has become a huge concern because it is destroying our atmosphere! in source , elisabeth rosental explains that passenger cars make up  percent of the green house gags in the united states and that just the cars! if we would limit our usage of car then we could reduce margin so muh all we have to do is find a more efficent way of transportation. in source , andrew selsky write about how bogtoa had a car free day and carlos arturo says it was a good opportunity to take away the stress and lower air pollution. so not only would we be helping save our atmosphere but we would be saving ourselves from stress of diving. businesses strive on bring in customes so they can make profit. if we would reduce the the usage of cars then customers wouldnt be problem for business men because people would be walking or riding bike and usally will stop for something to eat or even stop to look inside a shop while on there way to their destination. it would help the communites economy boost. some people might disagree on the idea of tring to cut the car usage rate because it will take a longer time to get some where. however, they could still car pool or even ride a bike and get some exerscie. also, reducing car usage would help people become more social in their life. they could meet new people and get to know some one if they would ride the public bus. in source , elisabet rosenthal explains how accients from cars are a mjor cause of death but its so unsafe when you get out on the road. reducing car usage has many advantages for our live to stress free and safe. deminishing car usages has many positive changes to our lives and to our planet. for exapmle, with less cars we would have less pollution being emitted into the air which i killing the atmosphere as we speak, people would be happier with less cars because they dont have to stress over driving and paying full attention on the road and conditions. less cars would have a more social effect on the live of humans. the positive advantages on reducing car usage are endless!