european countries such as germany and france have been experimenting with their suburban districts by limiting the usage of car. in the suburban districts cars are forbidden. according to source one  pervent of families do not own cars, and  perent sold their cars in order to live in the suburban areas. some people may think that they cannot go a day with out driving their car but there are some advantages of limiting the usage of cars. like limited car usage can reduce traffic. you can also stay healthier and stress free. due to over population, people will always need transportion. cars are the primary source of transportation. there are so many people who are constantly on the move backed up traffic is a result of this. as car become limited in some place the fewer traffic there is. no more getting to work or school late. places like the united states of america have always had to worry about its citizen becoming over weight. according t the article recent sutdies have suggested that americans are buying fewer cars. not having as many cars around can motivated americans to walk or ride more bicycles. this can ultimately keep them healthier. by walking and riding bicycles it can help the citizen from becoming over weight. not only will it reduce the risk of the citizens becoming over weight but it also helps the to stay in shape. gases prices and car repairs have also been an issue for us citizens. worrying about these situations can get very stressfull. some people may not be able to afford the high gas prices. some people cant even afford to repair their cars when it has been damaged. the stress from worrying about gas prices and car repairs can cause people to have heart attacks of strokes. both of which can lead to death. there are many advantages of limiting car usage. some of which i just named. limited car usage can reduce traffic that means no more being late to work or school. it can also keep you healthy. walking or riding a bicycle can help you stay in shape. most imporantly in can be a big strees reliefer.