is this so called face on mars a natural land form or was it created by aliens? in this article that is the main idea and its evidence behind it. most of the evidence is on the side of it being a natural landform. what shows this is the landforms on earth, the photos taken, and the research done on the face on mars. to begin, the landforms you see everyday are just like theface on mars. nasa believes, that this so called alien made feature is really just a natural landform. this qoute show that they beileve it.it reminds me most of the middle buttle in the snake river plain of idaho. another piece of evidence is that it is the same size a another landform on earth. this landform that is talked about is a lava dome which is in the form of a isolated mesa. there were many photos taken of mars. many of those photos showed this feature. when the first picture was taken, it was very hard to see it it was natural or created by aliens. when they got more advanced photos it became clear that it was not an alien created landform and was really a natural landform.when the image apeared on the jpl web site reaveling ... a natural landform. this qoute is just another piece of evidence if how photos helped show it was a natural landform. throughout many years, nasa has done a lot of research. they are always finding out new things. they did a lot of research on the face of marsduring those years. they found out where it was located. they also found out that it was a natural landform throughout all of the reseach done. people can always look up the research done on the face of mars to learn more about it and to find proof that it is a natural landform. many people would say that this is not like anything articles say. that is only true because even magazines,books,radio talk shows, tell lies just to get you to read them and buy them so they can make money. as all of this evidence shows, the landforms on earth, the photos taken, and the the research done on this topic are the reason that prove that the face of mars is a natural landform and was not created by aliens.