cars. theyre a simply luxuary that you can find anywhere from driveways to parking lots to just parked right out on the street. nobody ever thinks twice about driving their car, after all they get us where we need to go in a quick amount of time. however, cars could be the most deadliest thing in the world, and it sits right next to our houses. from the exhaust fumes that fumigate in the air all the way to obiesity, cars are just a silent killer waiting in the shadows. now, a car isnt really out to kill us, at least not intentionally, but unfortunatly the worst thing about a car is behind it the exhaust. a couple hundreds of chemicals float out into the air and slowly kill the earths ozone layer. every year the earth gets hotter and hotter as the ozone layer becomes thinner as more cars end up on the road. it really is just a domino effect thats still in the process of tumbling down. the reason why we dont think too much on it, is simply because as we sit in air conditioned cars, we dont notice just how hot it really is. but what happens when the ozone layer is completely destroyed? well, just hope your wheels dont melt down into the pavement while your driving. a cars bad streak doesnt end with making the earth into a giant sauna, of course some people might like the idea, but what if our cars, were the reason our diet never works? as more cars end up on the road, less people are walking and biking to get places. even now, more teenagers are on the road with cheeper and more efficient cars which means that combined with a teens natural laziness in everyday life, its like weve been giving a robot to replace our legs. would you believe that some people would drive their cars just to get a few blocks up the street? its absolutly tragic, almost as if were just waiting for the end scene in a horror movie. so, even though cars may not be waiting for us outside our showers with a knife, its slowly destroying the planet as well as our health. however there are solutions such as carpooling, taking the bus or even walking or biking more. carpooling lessens the amount of exhaust fumes on the road, and walking keeps our cardio up and is even just enjoyable. so before you grab your car keys and head out the door, just take a look into the sky and a quick glance at yourself and think do i really want to be overweight in a sauna?