happiness. more money. healthier living. are all types of advantages that limiting car usage have. in source  paragraph  the author elisabeth rosenthal put the qoute when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way said a media trainer. having a car means always having to drive around and figure out how to get much for gas and break downs. without the car it brings happiness and you can clear your mind on a nice walk go to where you have to go. also stated in source  paragraph  all of our development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change. americans and people around the world really havent thought about any other type of transportaion except the car. just imagine giving your community a break for one day without driving how much cleaner the air would be. in source  paragraph  author robert duffer states after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. no one wants their city to be full of pollution and breathing smoke all day. in source  paragraph  author elisabeth rosenthal states but americas love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. every year fewer and fewer people arent getting their drivers license because they dont feel the need to have them because of other forms of transportation. on the other hand many people desnt like the limiting of limiting car usage. in sorce  article  duffer states almost , drivers were fines, according to reuters, twentyseven people had their cars impouned for their reaction to the fine. if its only one day of nondriving its not like your going to die if you dont drive, walk or take public transportaion. also in sorce  paragraph  it states delivery companies complained of lost revenue, if public transit was free of charge from friday to monday then why complain, it might take you a little longer but youll get it to the. their are all types of advantages that come with limiting car usage. limiting car usage now will help us in the future by helping the community and keeping down pollutiong, and many people around the world will save money.