imagine a computer software that could tell you the different emotions that a student is feeling. the facial action coding system is able to read your facial expressions and tell you how you feel. this would be good to use on students because it could tell you how theyre feeling, it could help them with their work, and could let you get to understand the person more. the facial action coding system would be a good investment to put in classrooms because it could tell you how the students are feeling and if you should help them or not. in paragraph  dr. huang says that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this could help out the students because it could tell the instructor that he needs to switch something up with how hes teaching or could tell him that you need a break. the facial action coding system would also be a good investment to put in classrooms because it could help them with their work. in paragraph  dr. huang says then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this could help out the students because it could modify the lesson so that the students could be taught the a different way so that it dont make them bored and or make them not confused. this could improve the way the learn and it could improve their overall grade. the facial action coding system would be a good investment to put in classrooms because it could let you get to understand the person more. in paragraph  it states that the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. this would help you understand the students more because it could let you know if you need to talk to the student about any problems they are having or it could let you know if they need to be left alone. the facial action coding system would be good to use on students because it could tell you how theyre feeling, it could help them with their work, and could let you get to understand the person more.