in driverless cars are coming the author presents facts about how the cars drive themselves, and how a human is still needed for absolute safety. my point of view is that cars that can drive themselves arent needed. some people may agree with driverless cars, but i dont. from what i can tell about driverless cars, is that they dont even fully drive themselves yet. they still require a human at the wheel in order to be able to go around a construction site. the text statesthey can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation required. if it is not a driverless car, than why try to tell people it is. humans are already driving all over the world, and doing a good job of it. from what i can tell, nobody needs to make a car that can drive itself. they only need to improve cars that we humans drive to make it safer and easier for us. the main reason they are trying to make these driverless cars is because they are trying to prevent accidents. but there is an alternate way of doing that. you can help drivers be more aware of there sorroundings. we have already started doing so by placing cameras on the back of the car for driving backwards. so if manufacturers would just put the camera on the left and right side of the cars than they could help people see past that blind spot. right now people have to look away from where they are going to see if there is somebody else in the lane next to them. if it just so happens that they are in their blind spot, than they may think that it is safe to switch lanes and end up getting in a crash instead. its not hard for us to drive ourselves, it just that we need help with some things that are challenging for us. cars dont need to drive themselves. people just need another way of seeing where they cant see so that they know it is actually safe. drivers shouldnt need to take over and do what a car cant do. the car should help the human with what they have trouble doing.