the article marking mona lisa smile by nick d alto is a good article talking about how the system called facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. i believe this system is great for a student in a classroom. the system will help a teacher by telling weather or not a kid likes something. another way the system is valuable is because the system can tell if a person like an ad on the computer or not. the system will read your facial expressions to tell weather you are happy, surprised, angry, disgusted, scared, or sad. the first way the facial action coding system is helpful is by telling the teacher weather or not a kid likes something. each facial expression is different from every person. for example, if a kid is reading a book on the computer. the computer will read the kid facial expressiones to tell the teacher weather he or she likes the book or not. the computer will send different percentages to the teacher on how the kid feels about the book. if the student does not like the book, the teacher could help the student by giving he or she another book to read. this system can also be helpful for companys that play videos. when someone watches a video and an ad comes on, the system can tell weather or not they like the ad or the person dislike the ad. if the person disliked the ad, the company that plays the videos and ads can play a different ad that the person may like more. i do believe this system will be valuable for the human world. the system will give percentage on how the person feel about something. the system will tell weather he or she shows happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, or sadness. prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois has a awesome idea of a system that read people facial expressions. this system will be valuable in the world. it can help in the classroom of school or outside of school. the facial action coding system will tell if a person is happy, angry, scared, sad, surprised, or disgusted. every person has a different facial expressions. this sytem will help tell if they are what their facial expressions say they are.