driverless cars are not going to better transportation. i believe it could help with the dangers of the road but even then all technology could malfunction. the idea behind driverless cars are showing advancement in technology but are we really ready to put our lives in the hand of a computer? i dont believe so. driverless cars would be used as public transportation, paragraph one which could cause tardiness if one does not arrive in time. the cars themselves would cost a lot more to build and massive upgrades to existing roads, something that is just simply to expensive to be practical, paragraph three. we have the technology to make the cars a great success but all of the negative factors outway the good factors at this point. the expensne, the liability of the cars technology malfunctioning, the laws that would need to be altered, and the cars themselves being legalized as they are still illegal in most states, paragraph nine. who would be at fault if the technology fails? the driver or the manufacturer? all those questions must be answered before driverlesss cars are legal, and with that alone its gonna be an expensive quest to legalize and produce the driverless cars. if the driverless cars become a success and teslas  release for a car cable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time, paragraph ten, and used efficently then the cars would be a huge advancement and break through. only problem is that its a big risk. when technology is first made there are always glitches and malfunctions, so how can the manufactuer gurantee safety with that taken into consideration. although people already abuse driving privelages, imagine someone controlling the driverless car while drunk driving. driverless cars are a big risk. malfunctions do occur, they occur in technology everyday. the projects themselves cost a lot of money, trusting someoness life which is priceless is a big leap of trust and faith into technology and manufactuers. driverless cars are a big risk and overall waste of time and money.