the challenge of exploring venus gives us fastinating information about the planet. venus is sometimes called evening star. the planet is one of the brightest points of light in the sky. venus is the second planet from the sun. venus is a worthy pursuit to study dispite from its danger it presents in many reasons. venus is a part of our solar system, and its also important. earth is often concidered just like venus, they are like twins but only reffered by density and size. venus had ben proved a very challenging place to examine and to study. it may be the closest to the sun but safe vantage point of earth. mars and venus are actually earth neighbors. concering that venus is by the sun it must be hot there. well thats correct, on the planet surface the tempeture is over  degrees fahrenheit. the atomsphric is over  times greater than we experienced on earth. venus has the hottest surface in any planet in our solar system although mercury is closer to the sun venus is  times hotter. with that type of heat its like erupting volcanos, earthquakes, lighting strike, and even more. you might ask yourself why do scientists want do travel to vensus at all for new imormation with that type of heat? well they are fascinated by it as well as you are reading this story. the national aeronautics and space administration also know as nasa, wants to be able to sent humans to venus, but wiht heat like that it is impossiable. even sending a rover wouldnt last a day. over  degrees is very hot for a  or so miles vehicle. wouldnt be easy conditions for the rover or humans. in conclusion, venus is the brightest and dangerest planet yet has to be the most fascinating , most information ever. venus is the cloest planet and the hotest. studying the planet venus is very interesting. striving to meet the challange to be on the planet is dificult. our travel to venus will soon come to being able to live on it. scientists are trying to find more imformation and figure out what can be done and what can not. for these reasons i think studying venus is a worth pursuit despite the dangers it presents.