in the challenge of exploring venus, the author tells the reader about how studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents with their use of evidence and prior knowledge of previous studies to visit venus. venus is one of the closest planet to us. although having the planet be so close, many dangers come with the surface of venus. the atmosphere alone holds  of carbon dioxide, along with corrosive sulfuric acid. on average, the tempurature can reach over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressue is  times greater than earths. the author illustrates that, such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. with this infomation, they add that venus also has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. and thats not all, venus also has erupting volcanoes, earthquakes, and lightning strikes to probes going to land on its surface. with all these negatives aspects of venus, why do we even bother to study venus further on? astronomers are interested in venus because it may be the most earthlike planet in our solar system. studies have shown that venus could have possibly been largely covered by oceans and various forms of life like earth. the authors adds that, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. nasa has ideas to send scientists to venus. one of their ideas include sending them to float above the surface at about  feet in a blimp like vehicle to aviod the dangerous grounds of venus. nasa also says that the air pressure is equivalent to the sea level on earth, so we already have the technology to avoid being crushed. nasa has also planned on using electronics made of silicon carbide that has been tested in a chamber simulating venuss surface and has lasted for three weeks in its conditions. and lastly, they are looking into reusing older technology envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii, because they are able to make calculations using gears and levers, and dont require electronics. the challenge of exploring venus would be difficult and demanding, but with the technology we now have, we could be able to face these challenges and be able to further expand our studies of our solar system.