the use of this technology to read the emotional expresstions of students in a classroom, is not a very possible idea. the factial program is great, and it could help out in may type of things and or other jobs, but its probably just as it could help, at the same time it wouldnt do much help at all. the use of this new technology would do a good, in certain kind of jobs. such as in a police department, it could be used when interogating suspects. as to having this technology used in school in a classroom a stated in the text a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. yes it could help the student understand but it could so accidently ruin a lesson for the student. ill explain what i mean by using a senario. picture a student in class and this facial action coding system is in the class as well, a lesson is being taught and the students understand with the exception of a couple that are lost and or confused about the lesson. the facs facial caton coding system helps out those students by explaining the lesson in a why the students understand but, theres another student thats frusterated but not about the lesson. the student undestands that lesson, but the reason hes frusterated is about something else, possibly something personal. the facs will detect the boys frustrations thinking its about the lesson, comes to help the student but just frustrates him even more. if it was a regualr human teacher, the teacher would was if the student understood the lesson, as the student tell the teacher that he did the teacher then would ask whats wrong and if not. at least the teacher would know that its something else and nothing to do with the lesson being taught. in fact we humans perform this same impressive calculation everyday. this quote in the beginning of paraghaph five is telling us that, we as humans can do the same task as a computer. what we dont do that the facs can its detect every single emotion that a person shows as stated in the first paragraph,   percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. we as human dont measure emotions being showed by percentage like the facs, we only see the emotion that mostsly being shown. and thats good! if in a classroom while looking at students we see their main emotions, the emotions that stands out the most and not worry about the other emotions that arent as noticable. its not that the other emotions are less impartant, its nothing like that. its just that the main emotions come first and slowly make our way to the other emotions,one step at a time lets make it one emotion at a time. a computer, or machine can be better than human depending on the situation. but one thing is for sure, a machine can, and will not be better than a human on detecting emotions. us having emotions and being able to detects other human emotions is what makes is human. being able to detect others emotions and have sympathy, helping other and understanding human emotions is something a machine cant do.