dear state senator, we all are here today to right a letter to argue in favor of keeping the electoral college, or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. the elector college process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for the president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. it consists of  electors  elector votes is requiredto elect the president. so? witch one do i think is the best. i agree to keep the elector college because things are running ok for now but it think the the people of the united states should have a little more say so in the disitions made in america because we are the american peopele and we have the right to speak are mind, and if we dont think somthing is a good idea we should be able to tell the congrees we dont belive in that and choice somthing eles that more people agree on. the only thing i see wrong with every one getting to have a say so is that not every one agrees with one another. i do agree that a bigger population shold get more elector votes but i dont thing it i far but it is what it is and i dont have a say so im ok with it. the only thing i have to say is its not right that the bigger populated states get the most etention they are the most important but i dont feel its right all states should be equal no mater there population size. i dont think that they shold change the election of popularity because instead of voting for the right thing we could just vote for the presedent that is offering the best stuff, and when presedents promise us stuff it dosent alwasy men there going to keep that promise. they keep promises to every one and they cant keep a promise to one person with out breaking that promis to another person. like i sai i think the elector college should just stay the same way as it is with thoughs little changes because it is working. but things stop working at some point and when that time comes we will need a new system.