Bezzy communities provide meaningful connections with others living with chronic conditions. Join Bezzy on the web or mobile app. Can't get enough? Connect with us for all things health. While meditation is well known as a technique to reduce stress and anxiety, it may also help enhance your mood, promote healthy sleep patterns, and boost cognitive skills. Meditation is the habitual process of training your mind to focus and redirect your thoughts. The popularity of meditation is increasing as more people discover its many health benefits. You can use it to increase awareness of yourself and your surroundings. Many think of it as a way to reduce stress and develop concentration. People also use the practice to develop other beneficial habits and feelings, such as a positive mood and outlook, self-discipline, healthy sleep patterns, and even increased pain tolerance. This article reviews 12 health benefits of meditation. Stress reductionis one of the most common reasons people try meditation. Over time, physiological markers of stress, like increased cortisol and heart rate, can have wide-ranging impacts on everything from sleep to blood pressure. A2017 reviewof 45 studies suggests various forms of mediation can help to decrease physiological markers of stress. Other research suggests that meditation may also improve symptoms of certain conditions that are impacted by stress, including: Meditation can reduce stress levels, which translates to less anxiety. An older2014 meta-analysisincluding nearly 1,300 adults found that meditation may decrease anxiety. Notably, this effect was strongest in those with the highest levels of anxiety. Another studyfound that 8 weeks of mindfulness meditation helped reduce anxiety symptoms in people withgeneralized anxiety disorder, along with increasing positive self-statements and improving stress reactivity and coping. Meditation may also help control job-related anxiety.One studyfound that employees who used a mindfulness meditation app for 8 weeks experienced improved feelings of well-being and decreased distress and job strain, compared with those in a control group. Some forms of meditation can lead to improved self-image and a more positive outlook on life. For example,one reviewof treatments given to more than 3,500 adults found that mindfulness meditation improved symptoms of depression. A2015 studyfound that people who completed a meditation exercise experienced fewer negative thoughts in response to viewing negative imagesthan those in a control group). Some forms of meditation may help you develop a stronger understanding of yourself, helping you grow into your best self. For example, self-inquiry meditation aims to help you develop a greaterunderstanding of yourselfand how you relate to those around you. Other forms teach you to recognize harmful or self-defeating thoughts. The idea is that as you gain greater awareness of your thought habits, you can steer them toward more constructive patterns. In a2019 study, 153 adults who used a mindfulness meditation app for 2 weeks experienced reduced feelings of loneliness and increased social contact compared with those in a control group. Focused attention meditation is like weightlifting for your attention span. It helps increase your attention span’s strength and endurance. For example,one studyfound that people who listened to a meditation tape experienced improved attention and accuracy while completing a task, compared with those in a control group. Adifferent studyfound that people who regularly practiced meditation performed better on a visual task and had a greater attention span than those without any meditation experience. Even meditating for a short period each day may benefit you.One studyfound that meditating for just 13 minutes daily enhanced attention and memory after 8 weeks. Improvements in attention and clarity of thinking may help keep your mind young. Kirtan Kriya is a method of meditation that combines a mantra or chant with repetitive finger motions to focus your thoughts.Older studiesin people with age-related memory loss have shown it improves performance on neuropsychological tests. An older2014 reviewfound preliminary evidence that multiple meditation styles can increase attention, memory, and mental quickness in older volunteers. Sometypes of meditationmay particularly increase positive feelings and actions toward yourself and others. Metta meditation, a type of meditation also known as loving-kindness meditation, begins with developing kind thoughts and feelings toward yourself. Through practice, people learn to extend this kindness and forgiveness externally, first to friends, then acquaintances, and ultimately enemies. Ameta-analysisof 22 studies on this form of meditation demonstrated its ability to increase peoples’ compassion toward themselves and others. These benefitsappear to accumulateover time with the practice of loving-kindness meditation. The mental discipline you can develop through meditationmay helpyou break dependencies by increasing your self-control and awareness of triggers for addictive behaviors. A2018 studyinvolving 60 people receiving treatment for alcohol use disorder linked practicing transcendental meditation with lower levels of stress, psychological distress, alcohol cravings, and alcohol use after 3 months. Meditation may also help youcontrol food cravings. Anolder reviewof 14 studies found that mindfulness meditation helped participants reduce emotional stress and binge eating. An older2014 studycompared mindfulness-based meditation programs and found that people who meditated stayed asleep longer and had improved insomnia severity, compared with those who had an unmedicated control condition. Becoming skilled in meditation may help you control or redirect the racing or runaway thoughts that often lead to insomnia. Additionally, it can help relax your body, release tension, and ease you into a peaceful state in which you’re more likely to fall asleep. Some research suggests that incorporating meditation into your routine could be beneficial for controlling pain. For example, a2017 reviewof 38 studies concluded that mindfulness meditation could reduce pain, improve quality of life, and decrease symptoms of depression in people withchronic pain. A large2014 meta-analysisof studies enrolling nearly 3,500 participants linked meditation with decreased pain. Meditation can also improve physical health by reducing strain on the heart. Over time, high blood pressure makes the heart work harder to pump blood, leading to poor heart function. High blood pressure also contributes to atherosclerosis, or a narrowing of the arteries, which can lead to heart attack and stroke. A2015 meta-analysisof 12 studies enrolling nearly 1,000 participants found that meditation helpedreduce blood pressure. This was more effective among older participants and those with higher blood pressure before the study (42). In part, meditationappearsto control blood pressure by relaxing the nerve signals that coordinate heart function, blood vessel tension, and the “fight-or-flight” response that increases alertness in stressful situations. People practice many different forms of meditation, most of which don’t require specialized equipment or space. You can practice with just a few minutes daily. If you want to start meditating, try choosing a form of meditation based on what you want to get out of it. There are two major styles of meditation: If your regular work and home environments do not allow for consistent, quiet alone time, consider participating in a class. This can also improve your chances of success by providing a supportive community. Alternatively, consider setting your alarm a few minutes early to take advantage of quiet time in the morning. This may help you develop a consistent habit and allow you to start the day positively. Meditation is something everyone can do to improve their mental and emotional health without special equipment or costly memberships. Trying out a style of meditation suited to your goals is a great way to improve your quality of life, even if you only have a few minutes to do it daily.  Share this article This article is based on scientific evidence, written byexpertsand fact checked by experts. Our team of licensed nutritionists and dietitians strive to be objective, unbiased, honest and to present both sides of the argument. This article contains scientific references. The numbers in the parentheses (1, 2, 3) are clickable links to peer-reviewed scientific papers. Is a walking meditation different from taking a walk? It can be. Here are 7 ways walking while meditating can benefit mind and body, and more about it. Research has shown that meditation may calm the mind and promote better quality sleep. Sleep meditation techniques include guided meditation… Metta meditation is also known as loving-kindness meditation. The practice aims to foster a mental state of kindness, love, and compassion. Meditation can be for more than just stress reduction and relaxation. Learn how. Meditation may feel elusive, but it doesn’t have to be. Looking to up your meditation game? Try adding a little visualization into the mix. Meditation may feel elusive, but it doesn’t have to be. Meditating has many benefits, including mental, emotional, and physical ones. Some people say there is even an ideal time to practice meditation. OUR BRANDS
