Subscribe to our blog and receive notifications of new stories by email. Meditation, often thought of as a path to self-awareness and compassion, can also be a path to better health. Practiced for thousands of years in Hindu, Buddhist, Zen/Chan and Taoist communities, people use meditation today to cope with stress and worry in a busy world. It can help bring calm and insight to people who often feel anxious. Meditation refers to a set of techniques to enhance attention, emotional awareness, kindness, compassion, sympathetic joy, and mental calmness even in difficult situations. Some people find that regular meditation practice helps them be kind to themselves and more caring towards others. It can also teach you to be a little less reactive when tough situations arise. Research has documentedmany health benefits of regular meditation practice. Here are 10 of them: Learn about the symptoms of anxiety and how to know when you need help There are hundreds of different meditation techniques that vary from simple to more complex. It's best to start with a simple practice that you can work into your regular routine over time. You can do this daily at the same time, even if it's just a few minutes to start out. Over time, you will build discipline and skill with practice. Follow these steps for meditation: UC Davis Health offersstress management classes, which include practices in calming breathing and mind-quieting meditation. Learn more about how to meditate Which type of meditation is right for you? Six common misconceptions about meditation Meditation tools and articles (from Healthy UC Davis) Mindful.org Subscribe to our blog and receive notifications of new stories by email. The views expressed on this blog are those of the author(s) and readers. This blog does not imply that UC Davis Health endorses the views expressed. We cannot diagnose conditions, provide second opinions or make specific treatment recommendations through this website. We invite you to learn more about oursocial media guidelines, which apply to all UC Davis Health social media channels, including blogs. If you have concerns, comments or suggestions about the care you or your family received, please contactPatient Relationsat 800-305-6540. If you have medical questions or would like to make an appointment or find out about the referral process, please call800-2-UCDAVIS. ©2025UC Regents.All Rights Reserved  |Terms & Conditions|Privacy Policy|Social Media Participation Guidelines
