limiting car usage will benfit this world in many ways. the reason we are thinking of this is because in this world today pollution is getting out of hand. we are smart enough to realize this though and are trying to fix this problem. if we limit car usage the death toll will not be as high, death is supposed to be natural, car crashes are becoming natural. everyday i hear sirens and i assume there has been a car crash, on the radio instead of playing music they have stresssaver traffic which tells you what major roads are closed because of car crashes. i get using a car if your work is more than  miles away, but if you live close why waste the money? or take the risk? we cant be that lazy. driving cars causes stress too, like road rage.  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two... rosenthal, source , par. . this explains how cars stress people, this risk of car crashes etc. limiting car usage will also eliminate getaway vehicles for crimminals. what better way to identify a car with less cars on the road? there are benfits everywhere obesity would go down because people would be forced to do some type of excercise to get to their job instead of using a car. in some ways new york, usa has already done this by creating subways. lots of people use subways to get to their jobs or bikes. then again it has the most polluted city in the u.s. using subways will reduce that pollution dramatically or just walking somewhere instead of taking a cab. having a carfree day would at least open our eyes to the differnce it would make. imagine the glorious sounds of birds chirping, verbal commucation between people while they walk, and the smells. the smells of flowers you couldnt smell before or the orange tree down the road, the fresh grass, all of it. the daily noise would come to a halt, you would be able to hear things you couldnt hear before. live life to the fullest. people would start going outside more instead of being indoors. not using a car makes us even with everyone else, there wouldnt be any jealousy of who owns the best car. we wouldnt kill as much nature as before, we have ran things into extinction just because we wanted to build a highway. maybe nature might grow back from the things we destroyed from it. hey i mean look how long we survived without cars, we are barely surviving with them, car crashes are at a all time high. im just saying wouldnt it be nice to live longer? not have to risk your life while driving? or being that innocent pedestrian on the sidewalk who got hit because the driver was drunk or fell asleep at the wheel? or wouldnt it be nice to be able to look up into the beautiful night sky and actually see stars? these are all things that cant happen with people driving these days, what we need is a carfree way.