when the first photo of the face on mars was released, many people were intrigued, and they all had different opinions. the most common opinion was that the rock formation was created by aliens and there is human life on mars. as a scientist at nasa, i can clearly state why this mysterious rock formation was not created by aliens. from far away, the rock formation does appear to resemble a human face. to further examine, on april , , the mars global surveyor flew over cyondia, the area where the rock formation is found, and michael malin took a picture that was ten times sharper than before. the image was released and revealed to be a natural landform. however, on that day the camera had to look through thin clouds to capture the picture, so come skeptics were content with the theory that some of the alien markings could of been hidden. a cloudless day came on april , , so the mars global surveyor took the chance to get another look. the cameras maximum resolution was used to capture the photo. since the photo was closely zoomed in, it would of been possible to see what was on the ground near by. since nothing was found on the ground nearby, it doesnt support the conspiracy theorists who claimed that nasa was trying to hide alien life. the picture shows that it is like a mesa or butte, a landform that can be commonly found in west america. to further help people understand, jim garvin, chief scientist for nasas mars exploration program, describes the land form as it reminds me of most middle butte in the snake river plain idaho.thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. there very well could still be life on mars, but unfortunately it has not been found with this information. all in all, the face on mars is simply just a landform that is similar to some landforms on earth. it is understandable how people could think it is an egyptian paraoh because of the unusual shadowshowever, closer up images reveal a mesa. although many people are disappointed with this conclusion, this information can lead nasa to more discoveries in the future.