people seem to think that the face found on the planet mars was created by creatures that we have not yet seen. there is no factual proof that aliens even exist, so how can they create things on the big red planet? tabloids and false internet articles give people ideas that maybe the government is lying about aliens, and other strange things that happen that nobody really talks about. people are guilable creatures, and believe the things that are told, even if its rediculous! as a scientist who got their degree at yale, and works as the head of their department at nasa, nobody will believe me when i say that this mound was not built by anyone, or anything. people ask me how i know that i am correct,and to answer that question i say that i know what it is. nasa has not been hiding top secret information from anyone, and we are very puublic about what it is. it is a mesa, young people. they are common landforms, that they even occur on earth. they are found in america, to the west of the country. i wanted to know if anyone had any mor ewuestions for me. people emailed me questions from all ver the country, and other countries as well. a middle aged man wrote me from texas last week, asking if i had ever seen some of the landforms, like a mesa or butte. the answer is yes, during the summer about  years ago, everyone on this case took a trip there to observe, and take notes what mechanisms lived there. a teenager from california asked if i have ever had any kind of suspicians about matrians creating the face. like always i said no, because while there is plenty of data to support a mesa, there is almost no actual scientific proof of anyone seeing a martian. science changes over periods of time as technology and people progress. i feel that we will keep doing research over this face, but that wont change. out of the all of the years that i have been trying to work with my team and put the peices together over and over again to make sure that we are right, i cant see any data changing. so do not be another guilable human who listens to tabloids and false internet articles and rumors. listen to the facts of nasa scientists, you can trust us.