in this article making mona lisa smile the author talks about facial action coding system, this enables computers to identify human emotion. this would be very valuable in the classroom because it can help us understand if a kid is confused and needs help or if they are doing good. it can also identify mixed emotions. this article says that showing emotion is good for you and this would enable kids to show more emotion. having these technologies in the classroom would be valuable. a cumputer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr huand predicts. if they had the facial action coding system it would help the teacher to know if he had to change his way of teaching or slow down and go back if students are confused. this could help them as teachers to help their students really understand what they are learning and make it stick. not all people learn the same and having this kind of technology could help us figure out better in which way we learn. the facial action coding system can even show mixed emotions, so it can get the best identification of our feelings. by weighting the different ubits, the software can even identify mixed emotions. this could help our computer to but the adds up that apply to our mood. such as if we are sad put something that makes minds think of happines. or if we are anrgy put something up there that makes us laugh. this technology can really help us change our bad moods into good moods everyday. showing emotions like putting on a happy face can actually work according to this article. the article says theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotion, but also may even help produce them. if we put these in our classrooms it will help kids want to show good emotion. this would overall help the mood of the classroom feel a lot happier. if kids feel more happier in the classroom the more they are going to want to work hard. having these in classrooms sounds like an amazing idea! the world is becoming more and more reliant on technology, the more we show our kids technology and teach them how to use it the better they are in the future. if we get our kids to show their emotions more and get computers that help to changes their emotions to better ones would only help. this system is so smart that it can even read mixed emotions. these things can helpt teachers truly understand how to teach in a way that is positive fore their students and the way that they best learn. the facial action coding system is a truly wonderful thing and we should have them in the classroom.