unmasking the face on mars is an article about a natural landform on mars that some people believe to be created by aliens. the face has been scientifically proven to just be a landform called a butte or mesa. according to the article, some people think that the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars, which is evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. i think this is illogical because in the article it states that defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an acient civilization on mars. i am here today to support the idea that the face is just a natural landform. one fact to support the claim that the face is just a natural landform is in the article. in the article it says that some people think that the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars that nasa is just trying to hide. if this were true why would defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars? they would not! that is why i believe the idea of the life on mars to be illogical. a second fact to support the claim that the face is just a natural landform is in the article too. in the article it says that the first picture of the face was taken in , back when photo quality was not so exceptional. in the  picture of the face, i understand that it does look like a face, but in the  picture the quality has became a lot better and it does not look as much like a face. then again in , there was another picture taken of the face. in the  picture of the face, the quality has again risen and distinctively shows that the landform does not look like a face and is just a butte or mesa. a third fact to support the claim that the face is just a natural landform is again, in the article. in the article it says that the face has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! i think this is why many people believe in all sorts of different conspiracies, because there all kinds of different books and more written about different beliefs. today, people believe anything they read in a book or see on tv, that is also why i believe this. who would you rather believe, books, stuff on tv, and other things, or scientifically proven facts? in my opinion, it does not matter what you believe, but i support the truth. i would rather believe in the science, not peoples opinions. would you? if you want to be the logical person, you would be able to comprehend that the face is just a natural landform. scientifically proven information or opinions, pick your side.