life without a personal vehicle may seem very hard of a challange, but in some areas of the world everyday life doesnt require a personal car. in many cities around the world, personal transport is less than a necessity. cities have taken action to reduce the green house emitions that cars give out. many large cities are providing alternet modes of transportation. these alternet modes of transportation can reduce smog over the city and contribute less to co emitions. in a german suburb named vauban cars are a rare sight. personal garages and home driveways are not commonly seen. only  of famikies in this suburb own a personl car, everyone else walks or rides a bike as their daily comute. city planners are working on ways to better suite sidewalks for citizens that do not hane cars. life is said to be much better this way by people living in this community. in bogota colombia is a program that is expected to spread to other countries. on one day all personal car transport is banned with voilators faccing a  fine, this day was proporly named the day without cars. only taxies and buses are permited vehicle transport, while most people will either walk or ride a bike to work and to complete the days tasks. the goal of the day without cars is to promote alternet forms of transporn and to reduce smog output by the city of  million. many people are welcoming to the idea and are happy to participate in it. the city of new york is a large and bustiling city, and anyone who has ever been there will tell you of the extreme road congestion. a large amount of people in the city do not own cars and will use public transport to get to their destination. using the subway, sky rocket or a taxibus people are able to move around on their own two feet sometimes faster than a car. in the whole united states the amount of  year olds getting their license has dropped since . along with the amount of cars being sold each year. this has made people wonder if the driving peak in america has passed and that more youngsters will resort to public transport like in new york. places around the world are now taking action to reduce co emitions in the atmosphere. places like germany, bogota colombia and places in america are now relying on public transport more than before. bogota columbia is so dedicated to this idea that they have reserved a day in which nobody drives a car and only walks, rides a bike or takes the bus. in vauban germany a suburd has shown that you dont need a personal car to survive in this world where only efficiency matters. also in new york people have adapted to walking and using public transport to get to where they need to go. it has been proven that life isnt imposible without a car.