the challenge of exploring venus the story the challenge of exploring venus, is about the planet venus. venus is a second planet from the sun, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, and is the closest planet to eart in terms of demsity and size. also notable, venus has the hottestsurface temperature of any planet in our solar system. the author evaluates the idea that venus is a worthy pursit despite the dangers it presents because venus has been the most planet earth like planet in our system and because it covered largerly with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. the author evaluates the idea that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because venus has been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. in the article the author states, venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study,despite its proximity to us. he also states venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. these quotes proves that the author supports the idea to study venus because its alomost closer to the sun and if disappears we will be next to be in the same situation. in additition the author evaluates the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because venus covers largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. in the article the author says,venus from a ship or hovering safely far above the plant can provide only limited insight on ground conditions. he also states,  scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get uo close and personal despite the risks. these two quotes provides that the author will work on innovations that would allow machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. in conclusion venus would be studied because its in a bad situation and if probably disappears we will be more closer to th sun and we acn be in bad situation just like venus. the author evaluates the idea of studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because venus has been the most earthlike planet in our solar system and because it coverds largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life.