the aurthor of the challenge of exploring venus said in paragraph , they point out that venus is sometimes calle the evening star because it is one of the brightest points of light in the nigth sky. some people mistaken the names beacuse venus is actually a planet. venus is the second planet from the sun. in paragraph  it says that venus is considered earths twin. they say that because they are simlar in shape and size. the one of the differences they have is speed. in paragraph  it also states that, because venus is sometimes right around the corner  in space terms  humans have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on this clouddraped world. in paragrap  it says that, venus has a thick atmoshpere of almost  persent and the layers are considered blankets. the clouds have highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere. the temperatures range up to  degrees fahrenhiet. the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we are used to. the pressure from that would crush a submarine accustomed to diving in the deepest partof the ocean. in paragraph  that they dont quite understand why they are studing our sister planet. the aurthor states that the planet venus is inhospitable and heshe want to know why scientists are even discussing going back. the aurthor also state in paragraph  that they dont understand why astronomers are fascinated by venus because the author think the reason is that because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. they also state in pararaph  that they think that venus was once covered largely with oceans. that it couldve supported various forms of life like earth does. they state that venus has some features that life couldve been on it. in paragraph , it says that nasa is thinking about sending human to venus. they have invented a spacecraft that can travel on the fray on the outside of venus. they think that it will work so it avoyeds all the storms and other conditions that is happening on the planet. they say that the temperature wil still be toasty around  degrees fahrenheit. everything in these  paragraphs that i have listed are reasons why pursuiting to venus is very dangers.