that photo is not an alien. what photo am i talking about? the photo the nasa took of the facethat is shown in a lot of places. in the arcticle its says,the face on mars has since become a pop icon. it has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk showseven haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! lots of people believe it is an alien, but it is not. it is not an alien because it is just a natural land form, it is hard to targetbecause it never moves, small and blends in with all the rest of noraml mars, and people say it looks like a normal natural lava dome and it does. it is just a natural land from. it is only shaped like a face. there is nothing odd or strang about it besides the shaping. it just happened to look like a face. in the texts it says,  thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. this shows it had nothing to so with aliens, it was just a land form. if it was a living thing, or used to be living shouldnt move around?its not easy to target cydonia, says garvin. this shows it is one spot and small. it also proves it blends in like in other natural land form would do. if it was something special you would think it would be easier to find. if you dont look very closly you dont even see the face at all. not only is it natural land, but it is also reminds garvin of a lava dome of middle butte in the snake river of idaho. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. this again proves if you ignore the fact that it looks like a face, it looks completely normal. it looks like a normal thing any planet would have, even earth. some may agrue it looks to much like a face to not be something like an alien. even though it is funny how much it looks like face, there are too many facts proving it isnt anything different from everything else on the planet mars. it just happened to be the way it formed it looked like a face. there are many things proving, this thing on mars is not an alien or created by aliens. first, it is just like anyother land form, just a werid shaping. second, it blends in, is small and doesnt move. this makes it hard to target. finally, it reminds people of a lava dome, again showing it is just shaped weird to us. the face got the attention of the public for a while, like the text said,the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars. but, everyone needs to let it go because it is nothing to talk about since we now know the truth. it was fun for a while, but if you still believe it more than a normal part of mars natural land, you will look like a fool. i guess we will have to keep looking on other planents to find live or aliens because so far it is for sure not on mars!