many people think that the face is actually the work of an ancient civilization that used to, or still might, live on mars. those people are proven wrong in many ways. i believe that the face is not a martian creation because if nasa knew about it, they would tell people so that they would get more publicity and make more money. also, after a higher resolution picture was taken of the face, it was clear that there was no sign of equipment near the face to build it. lastly, jim garvin, who is a mars expert, said, after long research, that the face is just a landform. the first reason people should be able to tell that the face is not a martian creation is that nasa would tell people about the chance of alien life on mars. that fantasy has been around for hundreds of years! books and movies have stories of aliens from mars. there would be many more sales for nasa. therefore, it is obvious that nasa would tell the public if there really was a chance of martian excistence. on april , , mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time. michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a photograph of the head that was tens times sharperthan the first picture taken by the viking. many anxious web surfers where waiting for the image to appear on the jpl web site. the picture revealed a natural landform. there was no sign of aliens at all. concluding the reason as to why the face is just a coax. the third and final reason as to why the face is fraud is that scientist jim garvin said that the face is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. which means landforms common around the american west. he said, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. that is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa that is about the same height as the face which appears on the red planet. now many people may argue that the picture was taken when it a cloudy time of the year in mars  the picture may not have been able to see everything around the face. but, according to garvin, you can discern things in a digital picture three times bigger than the pixel size so if there even were objets in the picture that showed any sign of excistence, you would be able to see them. therefore there is no possoble way of a human or martian building the face. so, the many people in the world that believe that the face on mars is actually a creation of living beings, they are proven wrong. multiple reasons point to the face just being a landform that just so happens to be in the shape of a face. not only would it take forever to make a face that is two miles long, it would also take supplies  which were not found. furthermore, the face on mars is not a martian creation.