do you think exploring other planet is worth it even when its very dangerous? in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. to support this idea, the author gave a few reasons. the first support is that venus is the planet that is most like earth. the second support is that striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has values. the third support it might be possible to make the mission both safe and scientifically productive. first, venus is the planet that is most like earth. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. even today, venus still has some feature that are analogous to those on earth. venus is sometime even referred to as earths twin. venus also have some familiar features to earth such as valleys, mountains, and craters. next, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has values. the travels to venus can be use to expand and meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. that is not the only reason why the challenge of exploring has value, the other value is that the reacher that what nasa is doing can lead to new inventions that can help humanity. another value of exploring venus is the insight to be gained on the planet itself. finally, the last reason the author gave to support the idea that the challenge of exploring venus is worthy to pursuit is that it might be possible to make the mission both safe and scientifically productive. if it is possible to visit and study venus, then why not do it? if people can actually visit venus, then maybe they will find something that can help humans. they might even find prove that aliens are real. maybe being able to explore venus can show how far humanity has come. in conclusion, in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. to support this idea, the author gave a few reasons. the first support is that venus is the planet that is most like earth. the second support is that striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value. the third support it might be possible to make the mission both safe and scientifically productive.