the face on mars is definetly just a natural landform. there are many reasons for why the face on mars is thought to be the work of and alien civilization, but all of that is just fake. the first photo evidence of the face was back in , when the picture quality was not as good as it is today, so it really looked like a face. the next photo evidence was taken in , and the landform still resembled a face and there was controversey on whether or not the face was a work of aliens or not. on the day that nasa decided to get a picture of the mesa, it was a foggy day in cydonia, so the camera could not capture the full quality of the landform. the decider of the photo evidence was in . nasa decided to take this photo on a summer day in cydonia and it was clear outside. jim garvin said that is was extremely difficult for them to pinpoint exactly where the face was in cydonia. garvin noted that they do not pass the face very often when they are not trying to get pictures of it. nasa also used the mgs on its maximum resolution. with the resolution, the scientists would have easily been able to see if there were any signs of alien life in the region of cydonia. the scientists concluded was that the face was actually just a mesa, which was like a common landform in the american west. jim garvin said that it was just a lava dome that took the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. some conspiracy theorists say that nasa is just hiding the real evidence that they found. the defenders of nasa budget wish they found evidence of an ancient alien civilization, if they did, it would greatly benefit them. the theory that there was an ancient alien civilization in the region of cydonia on the planet mars lasted for  years. the face appeared in a movie, books, magazines, radio talk shows, and it even appeared in checkout lines of grocery stores. this theory was finally proven incorrect after years of intense studies done at nasa, and they proved that the face on mars was indeed, just a natural land form on the mysterious planet of mars.