why is venus such an interesting planet fro scientist to study? venus is the second planet from the sun, and one of the brightest point in the night sky. venus is an amazing planet, and also pretty unknown. venus has many dangers for the human scientis. venus is an earthlike planet with many issues. scientist want to be able to send humans to the planet with the dangers venus presents. many ideas have been tested for a chance to be used and to survive. despite all the dangers venus has, its all worthy for this planet to be studied. venus is so important to scientist because it has many like features that earth has. scientist want to discover if venus was covered with large oceans and if it supported life. familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. those are examples that lead scientist to believe that there was indeed large covered areas of water and life. the features that venus has, we have here on earth. but venus is much different now, and theyre many dangers in the planet. venus is the hottest planet of our solar system, despite that it is only the second planet from the sun. the atmosphere is almost at  of carbon dioxide, and the clouds are made out of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the weather conditions on venus are very dangerous for any type of human encounters. scientist will still inovate a creation to make the study of venus possible. scientist engineers will not give up on the study of venus. they are working hard to invent an idea to support the conditions of the planet. blimplike vehicle hovering  or so milies above...a great idea to sending human to venus, is to create a hovering vehicle above hot surface. nasa is also working and testing simplifies electronics made of silicon carbide. the material will make it enough to make it throught the harsh conditions of venus. the work of scientist so it is worthy to study venus is incredible. it might be hard and longlasting, but it is not impossible for scientist to create inventions to study the surface of venus. having to study how venus was just like earth. keeping the human being safe, once transported to the planet venus. the harsh conditions is just an easy obstacle to overcome. the study of venus will be amazing and encouraging.