it seems that almost everyone i know has a car. however, cars are the creators of a large number of problems. there are a number of reasons that less car usage would be beneficial to our society. this could include limiting pollution and congestion, improving health, as well as saving money. cars are responsible for a large part of greenhouse gas and carbon emissions. cutting car usage would immensely help our environment, which is a goal that many people want to achieve. in some cities in the united states of america, cars are responsible for as much as  percent of greenhouse gas emissions. some cities, like beijing, china are so polluted, that smog is abundant throughout much of the city, making walking and other outdoor physical activities very unpleasant. limiting car usage would help narrow that pollution a lot. our environment has been negatively affected for a long time due to car usage, so it is time for that to change. while many people would say that cars are a necessary means of transportation, there are many other available sources to cut car usage. these sources could include walking, bicycling, skating, taking a bus, carpooling, as well as many other activities. not only do some of those activities not pollute our environment, but they are also healthy excercises. cars are also a large reason for accidents and injuries. a large number of people die or get injured every day due to car crashes. while many people are safe drivers, car accidents are almost unavoidable. limiting car usage is another way of saving money, which is something that just about everyone i know wants to do. you end up spending a lot of hard earned money on gas or insurance rates because of cars. i know that many of my teenage friends are always bugging their parents for gas money. by using other means of transportation, that money could be saved and spent on something worthwhile to you. by now, you should see all the positive effects of limiting car usage. while cars are a large part of transportation, there are a number of available sources of transportation that can be used instead. i hope that next time you are planning on going somewhere, whether it be spending time with friends or going to work, you will think about another source of transportation besides a car.