i dont believe that the authors justifications for visiting venus are great enough for us to risk losing human lives. as stated in the passage temperatures average around  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than that of earths. this would mean absolute death for for any type of exploration around of venuses surface if something wrong were to happen. one way to manage survival on the planet was to use a blimp type vehicle to stay away from most of the venuses dangers. even if it did manage to work very little insight of how the terrain of venus is like would be aquired do to light not being able to penetrate the dense atmosphere. so it is possible to survive but who knows that this theory would go seamlessly. what if a series of unfortunate events were to happen and innocent men were slaughtered because of venuses harsh envirenmont. why should innocent men be killed just because of scientist wanting to satisfy theyre curiosity. the final part of the passage states that our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edge of imagination and innovation. this means that they would do irrational things just to accomplish theyre desires. i believe that this is dangerous and could have terrible results for our future. why are we studying other planets when we have our own issues to deal with. it seems as though the government funds nasa to set out and accomplish things like this that doesnt benfit our lives or the future of this country. lets say everything goes perfectly and they study venuses until theyre hearts content. now the government has wasted an enormous amount of money on something idiotic that does not benefit society at all but hey at least now we can say we have been to venus and thats it. their is so much more ways they could put that money into good use but instead they want to find more about something floating in space. in conclusion my evaluation of the author is that he stated how we could achieve having life on venus but poor reasons as to why it would benefit us.