have you wanted a vacation from work but couldnt find a great place to go spend your time. are you are looking for a great place to hang out with buds. or, are you in need of a job. you should come on down to be a seagoing cowboy. it is a great place of family fun. and is a good place for relaxation. come down if your looking to have the time of your life. the clock is ticking down for this great time of fun. first of all, comming to be a seagoing cowboy is a once in a life time event. just think of luke in the story. luke had two jobs without no break. he worked at a bank and, luke also worked at a local grocery store. it was just another day at work for luke until his friend stoopped by. lukes friend don riest invited him to go on the seagoing cowboy trip. luke couldnt pass an opprotunity like that. so luke decided to take the spot to go. when luke left he was just looking for vacation. but instead luke got a job as a seagoing cowboy. luke, again, could not pass up an opprotunity like that. so because luke couldnt pass a job like that he accepted the offer of a life time. luke felt very happy that day of an amazing job for himself. because luke knew he was in a great deal for himself and a great help for the seagoing cowboys on the boat. he was also a great help for animals. if you are looking for a place you and the whole family could enjoy. you should come on down to be a seagoing cowboy. on the ship we are very popular for fun. on board we have so much activities. we have activities such as volley ball, table tennis, boxing, fencing and many more. so are you going to pass up this once in a life time event you need to get tickets and come down. are you looking for a good spot to relax and hang out with friends. you and whoever you want can come down. on this cruiz, you will have a blast. this boat is good for many celebrations. its good for celebrations such as birthdays, new year, christmas and more holidays. so dont blow your only shot of having fun. you should get a ticket now! and, do you want your family to be sad. or, do you want you family to have the biggest smile on their faces. dont worry about space because we have tons of space for you and loved ones. and space for all of your family. now do whatever you can for you not to not miss this event for you and your family. i hope after reading you have concidered making a great decision. no not a great decision. you can make the best decision of your life! please consider making a family fun choice. thank yoou for you kind hearted people for reading out there. and i hope you make the right decision. the decision for you and your family.