driverless cars are coming, is an article about driverless cars that have been in development for a while, but have been becoming even more revalent in the recent years. essentially the cars will be able to drive themselves, but have a human passenger who would take over just in case the car would notbe able to handle the road by itself. from retrospeck this could like a good idea but we have to understand what we would be getting ourselves into with these driverless cars. we can not be one hundred percent safe in these cars, humans will become more lazy, and we do not need them. i am against the delopment of these cars. no matter how hard we try with this new technolagy we can never be one hundred percent safe with the use of it. so we need to ask ourselves is it really worth it letting the car drive itself when you can just drive yourself? many bad things could happen, such as the car not knowing it cant handle a certain situation. if the car does not know, chances are you might not either because you were not the one driving and truly controlling it. the car can malfunction while it is driving you and you can get seriously injured. let us not forget that there are other people on the road, and if one of the driverless cars cant control where it is going it can hurt somebody else that is on the road and that is not fair. driving isnt that difficult once you learn how to do it. even with the driverless cars im sure people are going to have to learn to drive if they have the chance to control it if it can not figure out a certain situation. why be lazy and have someone else drive you if youve taken the time to learn yourself. we already have so much stuff that helps us in our cars we have today. this is just going to cause more people to text and drive, and if they do need to takeover they probably will not be ready. we do not need them. instead of focusing on new cool driverless cars lets focus on other thinks like texting driving, how to improve our roads, how to be more safe, better rules to set in place when it comes to driving. we should not add something new and crazy to the mix when we already have a lot to deal with it and get under control. i am not totally against the idea of ever having driverless cars, but we really do not need them any time soon. they are not always safe, humans need to control the driving, and if we dont need them then why have them. it will be a lot of spent making a bunch of these cars. let us improve the cars we have now and the rules we have now. lets improve our behavior on the road. then we should discuss whether or not we should be gettting driverless cars on the roads for regular people in a few years. do we really know if the problems ahead with be solved? not really, so we should not just come to that assumption. so for now i would have to polietly object to the idea of continuing to spend money devolpong the driverless cars and getting them on the road.