how well did the author of the chalenge of exploring venus support and articulate their ideas? the paper was okay at best. i found there was a lack of supporting evidence in some instances, and that they didnt fully articulate the answer of why are scientists even discussing furthur visits to its surface in paragraph four. lack of evidence. the author seemed to lack evidence for a few of their claims. in paragraph seven, the author stated that mechanical computers are more durable than electronic ones. they gave no sitation, or evidence. this lead me to question its authenticity, and this arose questions of why it is better or worse. evidence of why mechanical computers are more durable would have helped to get an idea of what the author was tryig to explain. understanding what makes them more resistant to heat, or acids, or other forces. fully explaining your ideas is a fundimental piece of a good essay. in this passage the question kept coming up as to why scientists wanted to further explore venus. in paragraph four the author beggs the same question, but it seems as though they got sidetracked in there responce, and compleatly forgot to explain it. the author states in responce to the question in paragraph four astronomers are facinated by vens because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the author then goes on about the similarities between them, but never explain why exactly scientists are interested in further studies. is it to see if earth could become a hot sulferic planet like venus, or to figure out more about how life is created under specific conditions? if a question is proposed you need to answer it, otherwise it may discourage the reader from reading more of your work, and leave them confused. together these two things can really effect the product of your essay in a negitive way. these may make your essay look amature, or even just make it a bad essay. though i enjoyed reading this, and i found it interesting, these thimgs made this essay feel weaker, and had the author included more evidence, or fully articulated their ideas, this essay would have been much better.