there is now a new technological software called the facial action coding system that enables computers to identify human emotions. i personally believe that the use of this technology, to read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom is valuable. there are many details in the passage that support my argument. in paragrapgh  of the article, it proclaims,   a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor. in the real world today, students often begin to get bored during, or simply just very confused on the material they are working on. when students begin to get confused or bored, their engagement in learning declines. to have a technology software that could modify the lesson like a human instructor when students are confused, or bored is very valuable. the text also states,  to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. when teachers are finished teaching material, they often ask if anyone has any questions. some students will lie and say they understand the material when they really dont, because they are too embarassed to be critisized if they dont know how to do a certain problem. with this new form of technology, teachers could actually see if everyone is grasping the imformation they are learning,and not just sayig they are when they are not. this is a major advandcemnt in leaing for all students. there are many reasons as to why the use of the facial action coding system, which enables computers to identify human emotions, for stuents in the classrooms is valuable. students often always have negative attitudes or emotions that affect their productive learning. having this technological system will help teachers understand how students are feeling, and will better approach students. when teachers correctly know how to approach certain students, the students learning will prosper.