in the artical making mona lisa smile the author describes how a new cumputer program able to identify humans emotions. i think program could be used in the class room. there are many benifets and some downsides to the program. it can tell if your bored with the lession. it could also help with telling if someone is lying. but cant pick up on nonverbal, and emotional communication. first one of the major benifets of using the program in a classroom is seeing how the students feel about a lesson. in paragraph  it satates,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored.this imformation could tell the teacher what to do and no too. paragraph  also states,then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. with the teacher swiching the lession students may become more active with the lesson infront of them. secondly the program could have some improvements. in paragraph  it states,most humans communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication this shows that not all emotions can be detected by the program. also in paragraph  it states, so comuters need to understand that ,too with dr. huang stating this he is already aware of this problem. him being aware can fix that and improve apon it. finally the program can help dectect lies with curtain muscles in the face. it states in pargraph , but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. this shows that key muscles in your face and give away when you lie. it also states that to and expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politicain or celebrity isnt being truthful. when you can identify those muscles a lie will be easier to spot. to conclude i believe this computer program would be useful in the classroom. it could give the teachers direct feed back on the students feeling. also when someone lies. but cant pick up on nonverbal, and emotional cummunication. the program has more positives than negitives.so i agree this would be vary benifital.