the advantages to limiting car usage cars are a typical necessity for everyday life, not just in the united states, but worldwide. however, i propose a simple theory are cars really a necessity? a question as simple as this, could possibly change the world. i believe that if we lived in a carfree world, we would have more advantages than disadvantages. that it would change the world as we know it. to begin, the elimination of personal motorized vehicles will save a magnanimous amount of money. as a flooring illustration, in source one paragraph , the federal transportation bill is called out. ashtonishingly,  of appropriations have gone to the manitainance and construction of highways. in addition, gas prices are at thier all time highest. on average, one of my parents spends eighty dollars a week on a single vehichle. a car free world will not only save an individual thousands of dollars each year, but will save our country millions of dollars which could be used in areas of more necessity. as a second example, land is a precious resource that is currently endangered. source one paragraph six has started a community that is practically, carfree. it packed , residents within a square mile. one might wonder how this is possible. the answer is quite obvious, with the elimintation of vehicles, the need for parking, driveways, and garages was unnecessary, therfore making it a possibility for so many people to live in a single square mile. finally, the elimination of vehicles will increase the healthiness of our enviorment. to illustrate, in paris, the smog is so overwhelming, the decrease of car use was demanded. as a result of less use, the smog drastically decreased and on top of that, congestion was down  source  . it is also a common fact that transportation is the second largest source for americas emissions source  . obviously, the elimination of vehicles will increase our enviroments stability drastically. in conclusion, cars are over used and relied on too heavily. the peak for motorized vehicles has ended and it is time to fix the damage we created. we will save our envoirment, our money, and our precious resource, land by simply eliminating cars. so, is it really a necessity?