i think the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions would be a good idea because imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. you would be able to tell if the are mad, happy, or upset just by using the facial action coding system. with this new technology you will always be able to tell how a person feels instead of assuming or them lying about it. instead its just one scan and there now u know their emotions. for example people have always wondered what mona lisas emotions were in her painting but according to computer soft wear she is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. with the facial action according system you will always be able to tell by a person feels. now the technology is able to calculate how you feel yes calculate emotionslike math. just by using a computer of a d model face it is able to move  major muscles similar to human muscles. according to eckman each person has about six basic emotion happiness, surpised, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. dr. huang says even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. another thing dr. huang said is the facial expressions for each emotion are universal in the painting of mona lisa the software was able to identify the mixed emotions. do you know how you can just look at a friend and know how they are feeling? well thats basically how the facial action coding system works it is able to tell a person emotion just by scaning their face. its a little strange to know that a computer is able to tell your emotions when your happy, mad, or upset. according to dr. huang the facial action coding system could be a good thing because  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. also that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. with this new technology i think it could be very usefull and helpfull for teachers and other jobs as well.