in the article driveless car are coming, the idea of a driverless car is brought to the world. this article can make you think about how cool it would be to have a car drive itselfs with out the help of a human. also how advanced it has come over the years. while the article states many pros to having a driverless car we see many cons of the idea as well. in this essay i will tell you the cons of a driverless vehicles, for example, you would have to stay alert and attentive to everything around you, and it could cost alot of money to keep te car in good working condition. in the article we see that if you arent alert and attentive it could cause alot of damage to you and your car. if you are in some type of work zone than you would have to be ready at a moments notice to take over the car. some people might say that to help keep the driver alert the car could have types of sensor on to the car to vibrate or something of that nature to bring the drivers attention back to the road. i beileve that defeats the whole purpose of having a driverless car if you have to drive at certain points. having a car that is so advanced can need lots of mantinence, sooner or later that would begin to add up and will cost alot of money. the article gives lots of examples of what would be in the car, but not the expenses of the car and all the materials. one example in the paragraph  is when it talks about the dubber lidar. this is a laser beam on the top of the roof spinning constantly giving d updates. while that could be really cool, the cost of that part alone could be thousands of dollars. if that part were to be damaged then the car owner would have to pay for that part to be fixed. that could cost just as much that it cost to buy it or maybe even more. the car would need constant updates,it would have to stay on top of all the new laws and traffic regulations that are created on a daily. this also could cost money and can become time consuming. in a way it could be benieficial to the economy because it could bring in more jobs. but it wouldnt be benificial to the owner of the car who would have to pay all the money. overall, it is a bad idea to buy one of these cars. ou would have to stay alert and the cost of it would began to become overwhelming and ridiculous.