wow! can you imagine driving a car that you do not actually have to drive? when you think about this do you ever think about how complacted and dangourus these cars could be? i want tell you about the malfunctions, distractions, and the new laws that would make having driveless cars absolutly difficult. the drivless cars would reqiure a lot of sensors in the passage it list a few of these off sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and inertial motion sensors. what would happen though if one or two of these sensors broke while you were driving? a few possible things could happen car stops in the middle of the road, a serious injury, or mabey possible fatality. some people might argue that it could be an easy fix or nothing too bad could happen, but that easy fix probably is not to cheap and unless you consider death not being not to bad then why take the risk? crashes often happen due to distractions. well when people dont have to drive a car they probably wont be paying attention to the road. the drivless cars are not technally all the way driveless it says in the text that  they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills.. what if this so call notifaction does not do the job and the driver ramains distracted and crashes. some people might argue that the notifaction would be to noticable to ignore, but the fact is this wouldnt always be the case, and the driver could remain distracted and crash. driveless cars would put more work on investergators due to crashes and who to blame the driver or the manufacture? in the text it states this  new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the diver or the manufacturer? this question would be hard to answer and the law that would be needed for this could take forever to be approved. not to metion all the money that would be needed in court if something like this were to happen. someone might argue that after awhile that law would be just like any other law, but that statement is just not true the law that would be needed for something like this would be by far extreamly complacated and confusing. when you think about how cool it would be not having to drive your car to go places you should probably think agin. you should begin to question the malfunctions, distractions, and new laws that you would have to deal with. you should also think about the dangours you are making for yourself, family, friends, and your community.