i think luke should convince people to join because you will be on a boat with other people. plus, helping countries recover after world war . help them recover food supplies, animals, and more. in the artical it says  nations joined together to form unrra to care of animals shiped over seas. so, they hire people called seagoing cowboys. they were people who had help feed and protect animals such as horses, young cows, and mules. also, if you join not only will you help the animals but, you would have lots of fun. thats why luke should convince people. he got to see cool places like the acroplis in greece and he also took a ride on the gondola ride in venice, italy. witch is a streets filled wth water. he also, went to a excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. he got to view beautiful places on his way to china and still cared for the animals. luke has done fun things and been very helpful with the animals. so, to him feeding animals he also did more then you would imagine thats why people might not want to go because of they think you would only be on a ship for months with fifthy animals. but, he did so much more then clean, feed, and watch or guard the animals. i mean he went on trips to places people who could never afford, or who always dreamed to go! luke got to see all that for free only price he had to pay was to love and take care of the animals for countries that need them. all creatures are valueable and should never be treated in a way it dosnt diserve. who cares if you think siting on a boat with mutiple other people and animals for a month is a waste of time. luke was on a boat that had about  horses. i mean imagine if something had happen to the ship and it sunk! all those deaths of the people and animals that could have saved millions gone in a flash. this is why i think its a good idea for luke to convince others to join. it says that it was a  opportunity of a lifetime. its not normal everyday that you would get a chance to go on ship and see places you never seen before. its rare to happen but, thats why you should jump up and take it its one opportuity you will probly never get again. so, dont take the chance thinking this kind of event would ever occur again so do what you want to do and what you think is right. he had visited nine trips on his trip on a boat in a certain amount of days. maybe others could visit more places like ten. even, see things on your journey see animals you have never seen before. smell odd things you have never had smell before ever in your lifetime. sure you might get home sick but, you will go back home wants it is over. think of all the people you saved. also, the countries too would recover and get stronger. so, let the others know what you have seen on this trip. join and you too will start your quest to china. today now start helping others. in conclusion, this is why luke should convince others to join because all of these reasons to join for fun, and for helping animals get to were they need to go to help even more people. theres no way he shoudnt convince others. just tell them its for a good cause. you even get to wonder places on way to your destination. this is why i think he should convice others to join.