the tecnolegy has been develope so far during the centre ,but to be the honest is that is a good things for us . l am totally disagrue to produce this kind of car in this unpropreate time. driverless car is the car contain the high technology, but its not means its completly automatic .its means still need the driver but you can pay less attension on it .i think if the car is half automatic ,it will be work .the reason is basic on two simple word safeand money. for example .in the late s, general motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. the track was embedded with an electical cable that sent radio signal s to a receiver on the front end of the car . engineers at berkeley tried someting similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity. the car read the positive and negative polarity as messages in binary code . these smartroad system worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrages to existing roads ,something that was simly too expensice to be pratice .the car is not human, they are smart , but no that smart or we can say they can not choose the answer more sencitive .this can dirve on the normal road ,but if there are some assidence or trafic what will the car do ! the car may directly go a head and this will cause alot of danger .on the other hand ,the car should cause lot of money.the car need money , the car road need money ,the car system need money.the car is not like iphone and another technolgy ,its relate to our life .futher improvements in sensors and computer hand ware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more drinving task on it own .the internet developed so fast ,but the computer virus also increase .if their ways one day , someone have an bad idea , then he create an virus in to the car system .this will cause large area car assident and economic decrease .who can take the responsible ,if that happens . the drivierless car is a great idea ,but its not a great idea to start right now because we dont have money and its danger for humans life .