i think i would go with the idea of developing cars that are driverless because of how it functions, what it uses, and why we use it. how it works is that its just a normal car, but it drives all by itself. i think thats a good thing because if lets say if a family has a huge celebration and they forgot something at the store. well, we can let the car go get the things that they need without leaving the house to miss anything. so, the car uses a huge amount of battery power and goes get the things from the store. the car also uses no fuel or half of the fuel that we use today. these cars thats going to be built in the future is going to save alot of money and it will not effect our ecosystem and not waste anything. what it uses is mainly under alot of wires but mainly runs to a big battery that charges all night and runs all day without having to stop at gas stations and refuel everytime. plus, the car has to use a gps sensor to find out its surroundings of the car like in paragraph . it states that it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. which is a smart idea because, if there is something nearby and it sensor it and warn the driver. the final thing that i want to talk about the driverless cars is why we use it. back then, they made a special track that only a smart car can drive on and they wanted to put magnets in the road so, the car can track the positive and the negative so the car will not get into a crash. whenever most people are driving, their hands start to weaken and they get tired so, whenever that person is tired they can rest in their seat and let the car do the rest but, they say that if something is wrong like a construction or a wreck is going on, then the car warns the driver and the driver has to get out of the way of whats going on in the road. so, my conclusion is that im wanting the driverless cars to be invented because it can cause a great effect on everybody and the economy. there are some flaws about it but there are many other things that is great about the driverless car that google has made as well as some other manufactuares. this can change us, the economy, and the world in the future.