think about it, driverless cars, are they really safe? can we honestly depend on a machine that cant deviate from its given instructions? do we even want a machine that can think, and do things better than us? driverless cars propose just that. driverless cars, its an idea long thought about, but have we really taken in all the considerations? acoording to the passage, gooogle has plans of making a driverless car taxi system where people wont even need to buy cars the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. by the sound of this it seems like there would be quite of bit of technology cooperating with each other,and where theres technology theres hackers. the problem with this idea is for one, the current state of our country, and the world. with all of the terrorism going around, and the blood hungry fools with guns. how are we to stop one of them from hacking into the system, and causing complete mayhem? plus, how can we even turst our government to not take control over it. the entire idea of us not being in control is what sould raise red flags in the minds of the people. just as hollywood has shown us beautiful daydreams for driverless cars. weve also read about numerous all controling powers, and oppresive governments who used systems like this to thier advantage. technology of driverless cars is not something im doubting, im certain that if the technology doesnt exist now it will in the very near future. especially since the economy is demanding more and more technology, for more, and more reasons. in the passage, were told how general motors tried to develop smart roads instead of cars. while they did succed in making smart roads, the cost for changing all the roads was beyond practical. thus, the idea of smart cars is the main focus of now. while i dont support driverless cars, i do support what seems to be the main cause for doing so, safety. the whole point of the driverless car is to keep people from getting into accidents, and saving lives. but, most of the technology in order make a car drive safely isnt truly quite perfected yet. we know this because the passage gives us along grocery list of the bare minmum of what the car needs just to operate without traffic! for example cameras, and sensors, mapping data, and programing. another question to be raised is what will the cost of these driverles cars be? i highly doubt theyd be very affordable. in the end, driverless cars arent very reliable.given all the gagets, and gizmoes they require to just barely operate, and the cost after all theses years of preparing cant be cheap. not to mention that wed slowly begin to forget how to drive ourselfs so that in the midsts of an emergency we might be stranded. the possibliliteis for this to go wrong is numerous, its simply a bad idea.