being a seagoing cowboy is one of the best expirences of my life. im luke and i am a seagoing and had made lots of trips to europe to help people. its really fun. i have seen so manny cool thing on my way to europe and in europe. plus you get to help people. in the book a cowboy who rode the waves it states,the cattleboat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a smalltown boy, he says. besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. but seeing the acropolis in greece was special. i wouldnt have become one if my friend don reist hadnt talked me into going to europe. it also says in the story a cowboy who rode the waves, when his friend don reist invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat. luke couldnt say no. he knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime. you should become one! you would get to help lots of people, see really cool things, and you would be a hero to some people! what do you say? are you up for it? im not going to lie, there are some hard things to it. once i even broke my ribs and almost died by going over bored on a boat. it says in the story, a cowboy who rode the waves, a small strip of metal along the edge stopped his slide, keeping him from flying overboard into the dark atlantic. he was happy to be alive. but he couldnt work for a couple of days because of cracked ribs. even with that tramatic expirence i love doing what i do and im so happy i did and do it. again i think you would like being one too, especialy if you like helping people. im assuming most people do. you would see and do so manny cool things. its not all work eather. in paragraph  in the story it says, the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time. if you have some douts on if you should do it, takes some time and thing about it. its a big commitment, but i hope you do it and i would love to see you in europe or on a boat to europe.