i think that getting told how you feel by a computer is fucked. computers shouldnt knoiw how we feel that some pedofile shit right there. fuck that dude i dont need a computer telling me how i feel. but right now in really hungry. you guys should tell nn to get better food it would help out alot if we ate food that wasnt moldy. if we really need to be here in this shit hole at least let us have so damn wifi because this is bs. last year we were all good when we got the wifi. but now they done did takeded that away from us. it juat all depends on how we look at it. like this school is stiraght garbage. i would rather go to hell then to be in here. even people that are in jail dont have to pay for there meals that shits free to them. but i cant say shit because there food sucks dick too. if the state can see this send me a letter to the school so i can know that you can really see my shit. i think that i could do good on this test idf i really tried but im not a pussy try hard i just do the most that i can do. usualy thats nit alot tho because fuck  nigga i hope if you can see this your black in sorry. but what is uo with the purple koolaid you thinkin that you sippin on kean or some shit. and the watermelon yall niggas can eat a damn watermelom. you can go back to africa ill go back to mexico. this test is boo boo fucking garbage. get us better food and ill find a way to pay you guys back with the money from my taxes your fucking cunt. the mona lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. this shits taking to long i just wanna go home and beat my meat to some fire my dude. if your a girls grading my shit do you have fat boobs and a fat ass. if you do you know where to find me. but if your ugly get fucked. im sorry but thats just how its suppose to be no ugly bitches. if your a dude and you have a daughter my age ill pound if you want. by the way, did making a happy face in this experiment also make you feel slightly happy? according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. putting on a happy face actually works! a renowned drama coach, constantin stanislavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. empathy feeling someone elses emotional state may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons