the value of emotions many teachers cannot tell when a student has something emotionally wrong with them, my mom, other_pii, stated. my mom is friends with many teachers and talks to them about their students and how they can tell when something is wrong with a student. in todays society many teachers throughout school corporations struggle with knowing if their is something wrong with their students. the facial action coding system facs is valuable in the classroom because it can help the teachers understand the students, help know when a student is emotionally not stable, and help the students not get too bored or confused during a lesson. the facs is valuable in the classroom for many reasons, including the fact that it will help the teacher understand their students. from a student point of view, many teachers do not understand their students fully when something is wrong. while many kids come to school and look fine, there may be more going on in their home life than a teacher knows about. if the facial action coding system was in place in schools, teachers would be able to find out what emotion the students are feeling and see if they can help them in any way. in paragraph , dr. huang states, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. this explains how the computer will recognize any emotion that the student may have, even if it is not the same as everyone else. the computer system can read your emotions and come up with different advertisements on the screen to make a person happier which would also benefit many people. in paragraph , the author states, imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. these computers can read your emotions and change the content on your screen just based on how you reacted to it. the facs would be valuable in schools because it would help the student be happier while in school and help the teacher recognize what is going on with the student and understand them more. the facial action coding system would be valuable in the schools because it can help the teacher know when a student is not emotionally stable. many teachers do not realize when their is something wrong with a student and the facs could help with that. thousands of students throughout all the schools in america have issues at home and show that at school with how much work they do not participate in and how they treat others at school. there is an underlying issue within the school system because many teachers are not able to recognize when these students have problems and issues like this could lead to more school violence acts. in paragraph , the author says, using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. the facs can track any emotion in any person which can be helpful in school because there are many different kids throughout the schools that have different emotions. the computer system can recognize these emotions with the facial movements of a student. in paragraph , dalto states,  eckamn has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadnessand then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. depending on what emotions the students have and how they convey that with facial muslces, the computer can read this and help the student get on the right track and fix that emotion if it is a negative emotion. the facial action coding system can help recognize if the students are bcoming confused or bored. many student get distracted, confused, or bored when they are working in class. in paragraph , huang says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this would help the student and teacher because when a student gets bored they automatically stop paying attention and do their own thing, but with the facs the computer could help them not be confused or catch their attention so they are not bored. in paragraph , the author states, it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the computer system could act as a teacher and help the students if maybe the teacher is busy which would be an advantage to both the teacher and the student. while many people think this would not be valuable because it has no place in the school and would not help anyone, the facial action coding system would not only help many students, but many teachers as well, while not being too invasive. the facial action coding system would be valuable in schools because it could help the teachers understand their students, it could also help the teacher know when a student is not emotionally stable, and it could help the student with not getting too bored or confused with a lesson. this would be very valuable in schools because of the daily emotions students go through in a school day!