facial recognition, a thing of the future, at least thats what people thought. with the new age of innovative technology, a special field of new technology has come to the public, facial recognition software. one of the most prominent softwares in the facial recognition field is the facs, or facial action coding system, which is what was used to figure out exactly what emotion mona lisa was feeling in her painting. however, this software could be used in many other fields. the ability to read and detect what emotion some are feeling is very powerful and could be implimented into certain areas such as the classroom. the usage of facs could be very beneficial to schools for reading students emtions so teachers could see how their learning plan affects the students, organize and figure out which subjects students may enjoy more, and also allow schools to see what areas of the school may need to be improved on the most. by using facial recognition, teachers would be ablel to read the expressions on students faces and see what their learning plan make the students feel. a prime example of how this could be used in the classroom would be in paragraph four, where the author states  the facial expressions for each emotion are are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling broadly. using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movements. this specific example is important because by using this software, the facial movements of every student could be tracked, without worry of missing something, and could therefore help teachers distinguish how all their students feel about their lesson plan. along with that, in paragraph six the author states something similar to this main point a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this is exactly what the point is, the computer could tell what needed to be changed and why. along with seeing how the teachers plan affects the students, facs could also potentially allow students to be organized and grouped up by what subject they appear to enjoy the most. computers and computer programs are used most often for the usage and organiztion of data, that is what defines computer code, sets of data being used in certain ways. well, the same type of usage could be had in a classrooom for organizing which subject students liked more. in paragraph five the author writes yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specfic emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical informatino as electronic code. this points out that code already stores the data that it takes in and knows how to use it. that takes out a step in the process of using it in the class. by having it store data, the computer could then organize it into sections based on what students appeared more happy in certain classes and help with finding interests. also, in paraghraph four the author states by weighing the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. this is especially important due to the fact that sometimes students can feel mixed about the class they are in, which means the computer can help figure out how they may feel truly about the subject. above the learning aspect, schools could see where students physically feel the best or worst in the school or class. while the majority of use would be for the learning portion of the class, facs could also be used quite often to help discern what physical things may need to change in the school. maybe a student in a poor chair shows discomfort and the school learns it needs better chairs. in paragraph five, the author writes in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. while this is true, many people are able to easily figure out what a face may mean, the computer would have an even easier time doing it with lighting quick judgement and fast calculations to back it up. the usage of these quick calculations could be beneficial and allow the school to have a better input system and see exactly how the school feels, rather than relying on teahcers to figure out how the students may feel. another good example of how the facs could help improve schools physical aspects would be in paragraph six where the author uses and example of improvement themself by stating for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this example shows very well how the computer recognition could really tend to ones needs and how one feels, therefore helping improve the quality of the school. overall, facial recognition software is a very promising and prominent idea for the future of classrooms. the computers ability to see how the learning plan affects the students and change the plan based on the response to the facs being able to organize and find which subject the students like more in their school is extremely crucial to the new innovative learning process. also by helping improve the overall quality of the school, the software is something that certain schools should look into. hopefully this idea of facial recognition software in schools can become a reality and eventually become a nationally recognized function to aid in the learning process. once an idea of the future brought into the modern day, the facial action coding system truly has an eye for all things emotion.