the face on the plante of mars was not created by aliens. scientist have been studying this object for many years and with the new hightech cameras and the new gear they have they are able to look at the picture very much more clear. the scientist have been studying and have recently just found out that it was just to be a mesa. the mesa is very common in cydonia as it states in the article. it would make a tlot of sense if it would just be found out that it actually was. the huge face was studied by jim garvin. he traveled to cydoia to take a look at the face for his self. when he arrived by the huge mesa he took a very good picture to prove it was only a mesa and nothing more. many people were not happy when they found out what jim had to say. they were making statements that it was a winter day in that part of the red planet so it was very cloudy and so he probably just didnt see any of the symbols or signs that the aliens must have made. the surveyor then went to mars again in  when it was all summer time by the huge mesa and he then took another photo.  the photo was an extraordinary photo that was taken. says garvin himself. they eventually found out that it actually wasnt anything that the aliens have made but only a mesa. many other people or scientist might say that it is part of alien life because of where it was placed and how it actually looks. people say it is a sign from the aliens or martians. it is impossible for it to be from the aliens because it has been studied for years and years and photos have been taken multiple times to show that it was nothing more than only a mesa. aliens dont have the knowledge to know how to make a human face because they have never seen one before. how would an alien or a martian know what a human face looks like. they dont lnow so it couldnt have been from any alien activity my ruling stands in what in know about the mesa that was found on mars. people cant argue because it was scientifically proven that it is not a face on the face of the planet it is only a mesa. the mesa on the planet is only a natural landform that happens to look like a face. nothing more and nothing less.