reading this article on making mona lisa smile there would have to be an agreement on technology to read the emotional expressions of students. well technology to begin with now adays is so advanced almost anything is possible. the reasoning behind how computers can read peoples emotions is proven by the facial action coding system. the sensors in a computer can decode how you are feeling just by the movement in a persons face called the action unit. dr. paul eckman, creator of facs, has already classified the six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. this is based off the movement of our facial muscles. there are different muscles in your face that help our cheeks, eyes, mouth and forehead to move different ways when we make different facial expressions. when we are angry, we squint our forehead together and our mouth tightens. when we are happy, the eyes squint and rise, along with our cheeks and mouth. it opens wide and the corners of our mouth also rise. along with our other emotions, facs detects the movement of these muscles and determines whether we are happy or just faking it. even by the slightest different movement, when a smile is on your face but isntt real. everyday, its seen on someones face normally their true emotion. if a person is smiling but not a big, and you are surrounded by this person, you may be able to tell if its real or not. facs proved that it van detect emotion through videos, images, or even in a mona lisa painting. yes, i agree with the article that was written becuase not only from the evidence that was supported in the article, everyone has put on a face that wasnt real and had been called out on it. even the expressions a person makes are instinctual. when you get angry, sad, or happy, you make a face unintentionally before you even think about it. a person doesnt put on a front when they stub there toe. that persons face will cringe and they may cry or scream. facs is accurate and even without it, its sort of a given how someone is feeling by their facial expressions.