the face have you ever heard of a planet having a face? neither have i. even though there seems to be eyes, a nose, and a mouth, on a planet, does not mean that this sighting cant be a natural landform, and it also doesnt prove that there is life in space.that is why the face, is just a natural landform. the face, is just a natural landform because they cant prove that aliens are real. people think that they have seen ufos in the sky, but how can they prove that it was not just a shooting star? they can not prove it. not even the smartest scientist or astronaut can prove that ufos are real, because they have no physical evidence, just like aliens. out side of earth is a completely different system. there is very little ways for aliens and life forms to live there. yet again, they only have weird sightings like the face to explain their reasoning for life in outer space and on other planets. there is not life in outerspace, or on any planet, even though, the other side would bring up ufos, and bring movies like e.t to state their proposition, how do we know that these ufos are not just shooting stars or helicoptors, and movies like e.t are fiction, even though they seem so real and so believable, it is quite obvious that its just not possible. nasa has never had any sighting or any true proof that life does exist outside of our world, and even when they get the slightest and silliest ideas that there is life, they get the worlds hopes up and then when people ask for evidence, they say something like there is currently no physical evidence, however research says ....  you get the picture. it just cant be proved, and most likely wont ever be able to be proved. finally, the face, people are obsessed with, is really just a landform, a very cool landform indeed. there were no aliens responsible for this landform, or any other landform. it was most likely, just created by the draft, or by the seasons of the planets, maybe even created by the gases that are in outerspace. that is why the face on the planet is just a natural landform and in no way related to other life.