we dont realize it, but pollution has gotten worse. although, with the help from columbia and germanys bans on cars, we can change that. why drive someplace thats down the street, when you could save the gas and money and walk, or maybe even ride a bike? all around the world people use cars to their advantage and even though it seems like just a little ride around the block, its really making more pollution spread out into the air. vauban,germany has made the decision to ban all cars. there are two ways to keep your car by buying a parking lot space down town, ,, along with a home or large car garages at the edge of the development. taking away stress is another advantage for giving up your car. heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two says, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. walking doesnt add pollution to the air. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gases emissions in europe and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. bikes and scooters have the same effect as a car, just with less pollution. just by riding a bike you are not only not sending out pollution, you are getting a free workout. just by even car pooling you are saving your country from being overthrown by polluted air. all of our development since the world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change, said david golberg, an official of transportation for america, how much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid. many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a much larger role in a new sixyear federal transportation bill to be apporved this year. in previous bills,  percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only  percent to other transport. the car is one way to get around town, to travel, to car pool. however, with one less car we could change the way we live in the future. imagine, less smog, more people walking and riding bikes to get to places, and less people being stressed. we could be setting a foreverlasting trend.