using this technology would be good for students in a classroom. it would be good, because if the student is getting bored the computer could make the lesson more entertaining. also if the student seems to be getting confused the computer could go into more detail about the topic it is teaching. if the sudent liked that type of teaching style the computer could tell by hisher facial expressions and teach like that again. if the sudent got bored while in a lesson on the computer the computer would notice and make the lesson more entertaining. from personal experience whenever i am getting bored in a lesson i just space out, but with a more interesting teaching style i would not get bored. the author states,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. haung predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. that example shows that the computer will be able to be more like a human teacher and switch up the lesson type if you are getting confused or bored.if the student starts to get confused the computer can notice that and go into more detail like a real human teacher. the author states,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. haung predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. having the computer notice when you are confused could really increase the learning growth by going itno more detail whenever the student gets confused. the student could also like that type of teaching style and the computer could teach like that again. the author states, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow, but if you frown the next ad will be different. having the computer know when you like something and do not like something could be a really good thing. if you do not like the teaching style the computer can tell then try something new, but if you do like the teaching style then the computer will teach like that again. choosing to use this technology would be good for the students, because in this time period everything is being done on computers. so getting this new technology would really benefit the students of today, and into the future.