the face on mars that you guys keep hearing about is not in fact a piece of landscape made by aliens. it is a just a form of land like we have moutains,rivers, pyramids and stuff like that.just because its on a different planet doesnt mean it was made by aliens. do you think the moutains, rivers, and pyramids on earth were made by aliens? well i did some research on some on this stuff and i looked in a artical called unmasking the face of mars. the text said, scientist figured it was another martain mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharoh. what that information was telling me is that the the pictures they took made it look like a egyptian pharoh something thats on earth, a shape or some what, so if the planet has wind blowing on it like on our world then the sand on the planet can make a shape of anything. i also was reading in this artical and i saw that it said, there was no alien monument after all.what does that tell you and if you dont believe me i got another explination. in the artical i was reading the text also states that, it reminds me most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin.  thats a lava dome that takes the formor an islolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. i that information quality enough for you. i mean we have volcanos the same size as that form rock. even though i got some of this information from an artical dosent mean its not true even though you guys got that false information from an artical your selves. i know its the truth because if their were martains who did this dont you think we would have saw traces of someone building it like hammers and ladders ect. if you really look at the photo it just looks like craiters and sink holes making the shape of a face.i know you played in the sand before and you know that it can just slide through or fall and move by its self. thats all it really is to this arguement you opposed with me and if you dont wanna believe me make a ship and go see it for yourself. my final claim is that it is not made by aliens, its just a natural landform.