in the challenge of exploring venus the author was suggesting that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers we would have to pass through. the author wrote about the dangers of venus and how different it is if we could find a way to life there. the author talks about how we could benefit from the information from venus, that venus is the closest to earth in density and size and how we are might eventually need another planet if earth runs out of recources or an event happens that would result in the earth dying and we need somewhere to go. the infromation that we could get form venus could be never ending, the information that we could get could change everybodys life on earth or potentially on venus. we could use the insight to be gained on the planet to improve our ways of life on earth and change them for the better. the travels that we take on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation in order to improve our society and how we live on earth and change it for the better we need to have the information to understand how we should change for a new and simular earth. we all know that the earth cant last forever, the earth lasting forever would be impossible. even though living on venus would be hard and uncomfortable the strength of the human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally imntimidating endeavors if earths recources last longner that most people are expecting there is bound to be wars that would break the earth down eventually. the earth needs a backup that is close enough to the earth that we could still survive the durastic change in atmosphere. venus is our worlds closest match the difference in the sizes of the worlds uncanny. it would shock some people how the sizes are closer than any other planet in the solarsystem. venus is also often reffered to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. scientists have been working on a new kind of blimp that can go as high as our jet planes that would just be hovering over venus and would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way this way of living would be hot and cruel to people no used to the pressure of having to live in such a small evironemt but sometimes life isnt good. the scientists that are trying to help our population as a planet are doing the job that nobody wants to do. they are making change and people who cant open their eyes dont see what the scientists think need to happen for survival. the author talks about how we could benefit from the information from venus, that venus is the closest to earth in density and size and how we are might eventually need another planet if earth runs out of recources or an event happens that would result in the earth dying and we need somewhere to go.