venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. exploring venus could be challenging because of its geology and critical living conditions but study of scientists and astronomers are fascinating it similar as the planet we live in which could be a worthy pursuit despite the danger. venus is the closet planet to the earth and it is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. venus is a chllenging place to examine. venuss temparature and atmospheric pressure is more than the earth it could be a risky place for a human being to survive or live at but besides danger on this planet, venus once maybe was one of the planet that is most likely earth a long time ago. in the articles the challenge of exploring venuse it states that on the planets surface temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure sis  times greter than what we experiene on our own planet. this concludes that venus is a dangerous place to survive at because its near to the sun too. in the article venus has the hottest temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though murcery is closer to sun. this defenses the claim of danger on venus is. it also causes erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes as well. besides all danger venus is somehow a worth pursuit,  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and carters. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a plantery visit, this tells that it also have so many features as like earth. venus has to get up close and personal despite the risks for making the misson safely for scientist to product. as like many scientist are working on thier mission for venus through the specific devices theyve made to approch for studying venus. nasa also has been working on it for a while. venus is a worthy prusuit despite the dangers it presents and tells us about in the article. exploring venus and challenges that might explorers would face through the exploraion. a human could accomplish any thing while living on earth easily traveling from one corner to the other corner of the planet. on venus human has dangerous living conditions but scientists study might worths more than the danger and in future there are easy and safe ways for explorers to aknowledge about the evening star.