driverless cars were once a thing that only seemed possible in dreams. but as the future unfolds and the present becomes the past dreams are catching up to reality. it only seems logical that driverless cars be developed. airplanes were once a great fantasy and now look where we have gotten them. so why not make an adcancement to cars? with technology people have been able to create things that seemed impossible only a couple decades ago. as technology advances so should our everyday lives. we have the technology to do so, so why not do it? we should take advantage of our assets because we never know what we could accomplish with them. it may open up many more possibilites. driverless cars would provide many benefits not just to humans but also to our planet. they would use half of the fuel of todays cars. they would also cost less money for the average taxi user, because you wouldnt have to give the driver a tip since you are the driver. in theory, they would reduce car crashes since all the bad or inexperienced drivers would not be driving for the most part. driverless cars would have the safety of a computer and a human watching the road which should reduce accidents. they could potentially help solve crimes too. with the computers and other smart technology in the smart cars police could use those equipment to directly track a stolen car or a car that has been registered to a criminal. the cameras on the cars could also be used to decide what actually happened in a crash or a nearby crime that happened. with added sensors on the car they could pick up the speed limit in certain areas or realize that the car is in a school zone so the computer will not go above a certain speed. when it comes to driverless cars the pros far outweigh the cons. humans have the oportunity to bring the future closer and make dreams a reality. yes, driverless cars will be alot of work to put on the roads and ensure safety but what great invention doesnt require work? in the end it will be worth it.