people think that driverless cars are in our near future. i think they are not going to be because people still have to drive them, they are not safe, and they will cost a lot of money. i think that driverless cars are pointless. people will still have to drive the so called driverless car. according to the text, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the cars will not be totally driverless because if there is a work zone, an accident, when pulling in and out of driveways, or dealing with complicated traffic the person in the driver seat will have to take over the car. this means the driver will have to stay alert at all times. if you get in a car accident with a driverless car, you will not know who is to blamethe driver or the manufacturer. the text states, still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? no one will want to buy a driverless car because they do not want to get in an accident. the drivers of the car will say its the manufacturers fault, but the manufacturer will says it is the drivers fault. driverless cars are going to be so expensive. no one will want to buy them except for rich people. the text also states, radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. it wasnt something you could buy at radio shack. this shows that it cost a lot of money to build driverless cars, so the selling price is going to be even higher because they have to make a profit from them. on the other hand, some people believe that the driverless car is the next best thing. an example is, some manufacturers hope to do that by bring incer entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. such displays can be turned off instanly when the driver needs to take oversomething not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern. some people like this idea because they will not be bored when they are waiting to drive. in conclusion, i think that driverless cars are pointless. they are not even driverless cars because people will still have to drive, it is not very safe, and it is going to cost a lot of money. there will lots of accidents and then people will stop buying them and trying to return the ones they have bought.