what is the real benefit of having a automatically operated car? how would you train an everyday person to operate such a brilliant vehicle? not doubting that its such terrible idea, i just think there is no way to wrinkle what cant be ironed out in one big shot. what about car enthusiast? if we keep making automated cars, there will not be a car that is going to be worth it later, car shows would die off, car auctions would die off, the idea of car collection would die off. cars would not go down in history. the technology involved is fascinating. its truely out of this world. as the passage said, there are alot of wireless technologies that go into a automated vehicle. laser systems. carmers. not including the wifi it will need to communicate with other cars. as the wireless systems come online, so do the hacker modified computers that hack your mercedesbenz, or your nissan. if hackers could take over your car, think about the crime rate that would slowely accelerate. robbery would go up because of all the cars they could just steal. that now incooperates new firewall systems that im sure will add to that total price you want to pay for your car. plus keeping your car updated, expect to peeling open your wallet. i know this passage is based more toward the personal car industry, but what about the high class trucking industry we have. most of everything you have has probably came from a truck at one point in time. you can not let the automation of cars take off without caring about the equipment used to get your car parts to the plant your vehicles are going to be made. that part of the automation has to kick start too. they can not be left behind. there is another problem. lastly, making this a everyday ritual is not going to be easy. i do not think the roads will be filled with auto operated cars anytime soon. i do indeed think that technology in our cars will keep becoming more advanced surely, but the idea of a fully operated car does not appeal anytime soon. the fun of driving is still too strong. as more and more people are living on this planet, i think it will be neccessary eventually, but for as of right now, its not a issue. as a last question to leave you on, how would you incooperate full proof systems that apply to every financial class and is available to anyone wanting to buy nissans or mercedes benz vehicles?