should we give up our cars in order to live a better life? thats the question on everyones mind right now , but its a no brainer! places all over the world have done this as an experiment and it seems as if they like the results. here are a few key points from passages that will help persuade you into joining the idea of getting rid of cars. vauban, germany has given up their cars for a better and healther life. so many families in vauban have given up their cars that  percent of them dont even own a car! the reason why vauban did this is because they realized that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and more than triple that amount in carintensive areas in the united states. looking on the bright side of this since there is less space for parking stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. if you want to drive a car you can always buy a small area for , that also comes with a house where you can park the car which would have to be a hybrid. paris did the same thing that vauban did but in a different way. on monday mototrist with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine. the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. of course there were people who didnt obey the new law and where fined and some even had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine however, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog. the only exceptions were plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers since they didnt really affect the pollution as much as cars that use up a lot more gas. doing this cleared the smog for some time in paris, in fact, so much of the smog cleared that the french party was actually able to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. instead of making a law bogota, colombia , created a program called carfree day where millions of colobians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work or to do whatever they had to do. the goal of this program was obvious, to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog violators faced  fines. for the first time, two other colombian cities, cali and valledupar, joined the event of having no cars except for taxis and busses. by bogota doing this the parks and sports centers have seen and highly approved of this idea and have turned uneven, pitted sidewalks into broad, smooth sidewalks. along with the new improvements, new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have appeared. in conclusion, getting rid of cars permitly or even just for a day or a week seems like a good idea. lots of the people mentioned above highly approve of this and say that it actually makes them a lot happier and stress free. of course the people who dont approve of this idea are the ones who were fined for driving on a no drive zone. all in all i still recommend this idea if things in florida start to get out of hand and we must resort to something.