this article is going to change the world toady as we know. if we allow our computers to identify human emotions, its a whole new way to look at life. people will be able to get what the want when they want because their computer will know when they are happy or mad at something. for instance, if you are online shopping and your face seems disgusted by a bright yellow shirt, the computer will see your expression and change the shirt to a blue one. by having that change be done for you, people will instantly become happier and have what they want right in front of them. in my opinion, this new use of technolgy could be very helpful for many people. in the essay, it states the percent of emotions that the painting of mona lisa is. no one could ever be that spot on, so with the facial action coding system, we now have the precise percents of what mona lisas emotions are. by having these percents, we now have a blast to the past to think about what leonardo da vinci was thinking while painting this portrait. maybe the reason she was mostly happy is because he was a genuinely happy person. it opens up a whole new door to what we can study and research. since no one from back then is still alive today, this is our way of finding out not only what he was doing, but better yet what he was thinking! there is not a single machine that can do that today, so having this device would be a game changer. although the facial action coding system would be an amazing new technology to have, many people could disagree with the system. since having this system means that something, or even someone, is always watching you, people could feel that it is an invasion of personal space. they would alwasy feel like someone is there, even though no one is. it could lead to mental problems, such as thinking you are not alone and that people are watching your every move. because of this, the system could be a bad call and lead to a bigger failure then they hoped. today we are already facing problems with hackers hacking into our webcams and recording what we do without knowing it. this system is doing the exact same thing, but without the trouble of hacking. unfortunately, it is already there with us knowing exactly what it is doing. although the facial action coding system could have some problems, the success could be even bigger than the possible failure. nothing like this has ever been made before, so the reaction to something like this could be endless. all in all, i believe that this new system is one that could change the world for good!