limiting car usage would bring a ridiculous amount of advantages, even happiness as stated by heidrun walter who is briefly mentioned in the first article titled in german suburb, life goes on without cars. automobiles such as cars, planes, even ships, are responsible for a whole lot of greenhouse gas emissions, about  percent in all of europe and up to  in areas of the united states where the use of cars is excessive. vauban is an upscale community where the majority of people have given up their cars. in the united states there have been agencies, such as the environmental protection agency have been promoting for more car reduced communities just like vauban. unfortunately according to this same article and word by david goldburg states, experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a much larger role in a new sixyear federal transportation bill apparently the bill is to be approved of this year. in previous bills  percent of appropritions have by law gone to highways, only  percent has gone to actual transport. as any normal person knows, construction work causes a whole lot of polution. in the second article i used titiled paris bans driving due to smog paris the city had no choice but to enforce a partial driving ban due to the fact that there was so much smog. the smog was so intense that it even rivaled beijing, china, which is definitely one of the most polluted cities in the world. those with evennumbered license plates were required to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine about . this nasty smog lasted about five long days, but at least public transit was free. the french blamed diesel fuel for the pollution since  of the vehicles on france run on diesel due to a tax policy. the third article i used is called carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. bogota is located in colombia and for three straight years cars have been banned for the day without cars excluding buses and taxis. those who violate this day face  fines. not even the occasional gray clouds and rain has stopped people from participating, after all umbrellas do exist. do to this parks and sports centers bloomed throughout the city, rushhour restrictions had gotten rid of a whole lot of traffic, new shopping districts and restaurants have popped up, its amazing how vehicles, or none at all, can affect lives. the fourth and last article is called the end of car culture. according to the article, studies claim that americans are buying less cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each yeah goes by. according to an analysis by doug short of advisor perspectives, which is an investment research company, the number of miles driven in america had reached its peak in  but slowly has gone down. we americans drive as much as we did in  which would be amazing if the reason for this would not be the recession causing less people to afford cars. if we do change for the better and own less vehicles then unfortunately companies like honda, mustang, etc, will most likely have to go out of business its unfortunate for them at least. companies like ford and mercedes now have a wider range of products besides personal vehicles. theres also been a large drop in the percentage of people who decide to get a license between the ages of  to  according to a research study by micheal sivak. a study last year found that the amount of yound people driving also decresed  percent between  and . even people like bill ford, executive chairman of the ford motor company laid out a business plan for a world where personal vehicle ownership is impractical or even undesirable. hed even work with the telecommunications industry to make cities where pedestrian, bicycle, privated cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. i love how he mentions that this will improve safety and almost none of the other articles do, they mostly mention getting rid of pollution which is also always great. in a place like miami, where i live, there are a whole lot of reckless drivers, getting rid of some cars would do an exciting place like this a whole lot of good to the community. i know myself that cutting down on vehicles seems like a very hard job to do, and it is, but check out all of these benefits human lives will get. people would argue that an idea like this is ridiculous, and at first it might sound like it, but the moment you realize we arent getting rid of all vehicles everywhere things start getting easier for you to understand.