i believe that the idea of driverless cars are a form of laziness. although they have benefits to all drivers that have a tendancy to veer their attention away from the road, there major downsides and upsides to this new technology. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have been driven more than half a millions miles without a crash, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing wiht complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through road work or accidents.driverless cars are coming. there are several perks to having a driverless car. bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant,the car can handle driving funtions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, acceerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must stay alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this neccesittates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. driverless cars are coming. there are several downsides to having driverless cars. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and padestrians safe, and lawmakers know that saftey is best achieved with alert drivers. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumptionthat the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars...if technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer?  driverless cars are coming. driverless cars are inveitably well on their way between now and the future.although they may seem like a great idea, there are several downsides tat have to be taken into consideration. for example if the technology of the car fails and you are injured or your children are injured who is to blame, you, for not keeping your eye son the road at all times no matter the situation, or the manufacturer who guaranteed you that the computer driver will take over when you need to take your eyes off of the road for just a second? think about all of the outcomes of every situation before you do it.