aliens have been a question many astronauts and people from all around the world have been wondering about for ages. but do they actually exsit? a few years ago nasa discovered what seemed to look like a face on mars surface. many think that the so called face was created by aliens. but others think it was just created by natural causes just like how some landforms are created on earth. how do you think that the formation was created? so far nasa hasnt discovered any alien markings or any other form of life on other planets. this is one of the reasons why the formation was created by natural causes and not by aliens. just like on earth we discover something new every day, such as new landforms and new natural resources. the formation couldnt of been formed by aliens because where did they get the tools to make it? if aliens exsited, i think we would have more evidence. aliens dont exsit becuase we would have found some evidence of diffrent life on diffrent planets by now. if their are no aliens then their are no alien made objects on mars. aliens probably would have found a better communication rought then sending us weird landforms that dont have much meaning at all. why of all things would the aliens create a face? even if aliens did exsit i dont think it is their goal in their life to scare us humans. they would probably make something more reasonable, like a house or something like a shelter. along with the formation there are also many landforms on earth that are similar. such as the grand cannon and things like that. think if the humans lived on mars and we came to earth and saw the grand cannon we would automatically think that there must be life here since there is no other way this could have been formed. just as we believe there is life on mars we would assume their is life here. untill their is more evidence about aliens we should not believe that they exsit. as it says in the artical what the picture actually shows is the maritian equivalent of a buttle or mesalandforms common around the american west. this landform represents many of the already discovered landforms on earth such as the grand cannon and their is no official evidence that aliens exsit this is obviously a naturally formed landform and not created by aliens.