in the article making mona lisa smile a computer softaware program called the facial action coding system or facs which allows computers to identify human emotions is said to be able to help the educational atmoshphere of the classroom. however the use of this software to read the emotional expressions of students is not all that valuable to the classroom. the use of compters in most schoold is limited at best, and not all schools have access to computers at all, so the use of the facs program would not impact many students or classrooms. the best way to use the program would simply as a way to sell products to the general public not as a way to make learning more inclusive. a comercial use would best suit this program, and allow it to reach more people for example in the text it states  if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similair ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. the use of this program in electronic or online lessons would also be detremental towards the social skills that a classroom is meant to nurture. it would remove the human element that young minds need to grow. now one might say that the use of this program in schools would better the learning environment and make the lessons easier fro students to understand. this is the stance the inventor of this technology believes when he said a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it coud modify the lesson, like an effective instructor. however this would be inneffective in classrooms and schools that do not have the resources that are needed for this application. there are also very few schools that actively use electronics inside of the classroom while they have the needed resources. this technology has other ways that it could be used, that would be of more use in todays society besides in the classroom. there is very little need for such a thing to be used in a learning environment. the use of this program would have almost no use in the development of young minds, and would prove inneffective in the classroom setting.