paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. one advantage people would have of limiting car usage is keep people from getting tickets out there on the road. on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffers a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. excerpt from paris bans driving due to smog robert duffer, from the chicago tribune  . almost , drivers were fined, accorfding to reuters.. twentyseven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. excerpt from paris bans driving due to smog robert duffer, from chicago tribune  . fellow citizens will have the advantage of limiting car usage because it will save you plenty of money, on gas, car note, car insurance, and etc. diesel fuel was blamed,since france has ... a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france., compared to . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, according ro reuters. excerpt from paris bans driving due to smog robert duffer, from the chicago tribune  . president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissiond, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in american behavior recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. excerpt from the end of car culture elizabeth rosenthal, from the new york times . a study last year found driving by young people decreased  percent between  and .... whether members of the millennial generation will start buying more cars once they have kids to take to soccer practice and school plays remains an open question. but such projections have important business implications, even if car buyers are merely older or buying fewer cars in a lifetime rather than rejecting car culture outright. excerpt from the end of car culture elizabeth rosenthal, from new york times.