the claim that the author supports the idea that studing venus is worth pursuit despite the dangers because they maybe the issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decade. the dangers and pursuit are higly high risks for people and nasa.it is dangers because venus is the secound planet from our sun and the atmosphere in venus is almost  percent of carbon dioxide blankets. even more challenging is that the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus atmosphere. on the plant surface,temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on earth. the despite to go venus is that they are hoping to look for something their because the plant has surface rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains,and craters. somethings that we some how have they call venus earths sister. that why i think it so despite that nasa wants to see what else venus got that the plants sister does not have. an explanation of the article that supports my claims are when the author says this striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value,not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself,but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. also when they said our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.venus is also dangers for people because it has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system,even though mercury is closer to our sun.beyond high pressure and heat,venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes,powerful earthquakes,and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. my conclusion to the authors writting is that they will not end up sending people to venus because its to risky. they will end up sending newer technoligi up their so that they could see what the sister of earth got. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth like planet in our solar system. venus is most likely the most compared planet to earth. is to dangers for people because its the secound planet hottest then the sun.