driverless cars are coming is an artical about cars being driven by machine or computers. while it maybe realist in the future they are many negaitves and positives about these products. many companies and people are looking towards the future, they belive in that furture there will be the drivelss cars. i believe that the devoploment of driverless cars is a innovative idea, but i am against it as indidvidual.one reason is the road in which they will be drive on, two is the positon people will have when ridding in these vehicles.three is the safety of the driver and others. i against the driverless cars becasue, while it may seem relaistic there has to be some practicality. for one, what about the roads in which they will be driven on, in the reading it says, originally, many furturists belived the key to devolpoing selfdriving cars someday wasnt so much smarter as smarter roads. its true that to have a smart car you have to have a smart raod, google is making up for that by having positionestimating sensors, but does this still make up for the road,is it still safe to drive. can cameras and other sensors on cars make up for a smart road during roadblocks,shortcuts, and even accidents. my second reason, is the postion that people will have when ridding these driverless cars.the cars still needed assisance,in the passage it says, they can steer,accelerate, and brake thesleves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skill,such as navingating through work zones and around accidents. is it really a driverless car if it needs assitance? i dont think thats the idea behind the car. the car should be able to take car of itself if put into a tricky postion. cars now have a more fundamental idea and its alot more fun and safe. my third rason is safety, how can you be safe if your driving a driveless car, whos fault is it if your in an accident.in the passage it says,most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passangers, and pedestrains safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best acived with alert drivers. this is to support people without driverless cars. what about the ones that do have driverless cars?, in the passage it says, presently, trafic laws are written with all the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all time. they are corrcet,safety is important for everyone especially on the road, can driverless cars be trusted on roads and conditins they have never experineced? ther are conditions in which they may not be ready for such as windy,icy or slushy,toradao weather, hurricane weather like conditions. there are can be mutiple factors or situations that these driverless cars arent ready for. driverless cars maybe in the future, i have disagreed or am against the devoplement of these cars. i disagree in the devolopment of driverless cars, one of my reasons is the road they will be driving. my reason two is the posistion of the people ridding these cars. my postion three is the safety of everyone wether ridding a car or a person passing by. the car maybe a futurist product but can it be relied on by the people, that make or use these machines. i cars have a place in the future, but i also beliive they have a long way to go before being anything safe and trust worthy.