i am for the development of driverless cars. in the article, more good than harm comes from these cars. it can make driving safer and easier on the people. there are few problems, and the problems that exist can be fixed with the advancement of technology. in the article driverless cars are coming, the author uses deatil to describe why smart cars, or cars that dont necessitate a driver, are a good thing. if driver less cars become a thing then the earth becomes cleaner. in paragraph one the author states, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxi system. making smart cars the smarter option for more reasons than just transportation. also in paragraph  the author tells the reader that bmw is trying to make driving fun. the author explains, some manufacturers hope to do that by bringin incar entertainment and information systems that use heads up displays. this means that driving wouldnt become boring, but actually more enjoyable than it already is. driverless cars are just the way to go. in pargraphs  and  the author discusses the traffic laws that may need to be put in place, if these cars become a popular thing. and yes, with the development of these cars there does come some problems and situations, but the advantages truly do outway the negatives. if driverless car do become a thing, and their technology truly is advanced, then multiple car related incidents would stop happening. drunk driving would cease, because the cars either wouldnt let the driver drive, or the driver wouldnt have to and the car would do it for them. also car crashes may slow down. if cars run by themsleves then when with other cars theyll become unifomr and not run into eachother. driverless cars are safer and more reliable than normal cars. smartdriverless cars are safer and more reliable than regular cars. they provide less chance of human error like car accidents and drunkness. plus they would be more entertaining than normal cars. n the article driverless cars are coming, the author uses deatil to describe why smart cars, or cars that dont necessitate a driver, are a good thing. that is why the development of smart cars is a good thing.