the author of this passage has supported his claim that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers extremely well. the reasons he supports himself well is by stating how venus was probably the most earthlike planet in our solar system and how it would be a good challenge for scientists to accept. in paragraph four, the author asks this question, if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? the author answers the question by saying how venus might have been like earth. this statement sparked curiosity among the scientists, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. with this statement, scientists are eager to find out if this is true, and if it is, what happened to the life forms? the author proves that venus being similar to earth is worth the dangers. knowing what happened to the life forms on venus may help prevent the same disaster happening on earth. the main dangers of visiting venus is the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the extreme surface temperature, and the unbelivable atomospheric pressure. to continue research on venus, scientists would have to get up close. the author uses the word challenge instead of risk. this describes how pursuing venus would be innovational to mankind. the author supports this claim by talking about how researchers are testing new technology to continue work on venus. many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. when scientists achieve this goal and do research on venus, who knows what is next in space exploration. venus being a challenge to study is worth the dangers because if scientists conquer this, they will be able to conquer anything. in conclusion, the author supported their idea extremely well with concrete evidence that exploring venus is worth the risk. with the satement that venus could have held life forms and water shows that studying this planet is neccessary. also, when we study venus, it will prove that humanity can face any challenge that comes its way.