yes, i agree the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because you can read someones emotions by the look on their face when they walk to the classroom. in the article,it refers you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by the look on her face. an example in the article is refering a classroom computer could recongize when a student is becoming confused or bored. another example,the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgey. this is how the technology is vaulable to read someones emotions. you can read a friends emotions to tell how they are feeling. if you have a friend is forcing herself to smile, you can tell she is feeling sad, depressed, or angry. i know you cant read someones mind to tell how are they feeling. only you can read someones emotion is by the computer knownig your are sad or happy. an example in the article, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen,a similar ad might follow. but if you frown,the next ad will be different. this is how computer tell emotions on that person. if your a teacher,when you see all the students in the classroom, they get tired,bored,confused,or excited. you see different emotions from students when they got to school this moring. some of the students stay up to late and they woke up early this moring. half of the students in the classroom they might get bored and do not want to learn anything today. the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgey. in this modern technology,kids love to have their phone to play on their games like iphones,samsungs,lgs phone,or more phones i can think about right now. there are alot of gamesapps you can play on your smartphone like video games. there is a list of video games kids are so excited about like subway surfers, archey,basketball games and etc. this how kids in classroomss love to have technology with them. this usefulness this technology to read someones expressions of the students in a classroom is valuable. you can tell someones feelings simply by the look on her face. in a classroom you can tell the students how they feel like confused or bored. the technology can be fun like playing games or looking at videos. this how you tell the technology is valuable inside in a clasroom.