an alien spieces exist on mars? the face is an object believed to be created by aliens. some believe this, and some do not. the face is not created by aliens. the face is a natural landform which is supported by evidence. in , nasas viking  spacecraft flew by and saw a object that looked like a face on mars. however, in , the cameras werent that highresolution, so it would make things seem different. in , nasa went back to check it out and found out it was just a mesa. in , nasa had better equipment to take pictures of and had better definition. for example, the text states, and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing...a natural landform. the text also cites, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. others may say that the face is created by aliens because of many reasons. the people who believe in the theory of the face being created by aliens may say that the nasa just hides the proof. the story quotes, ...evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. in , nasa took a picture and revealed a landform, however some were not shaken of their beliefs. others say that nasa didnt take it at the correct latitude and season. in the text, it says, the face on mars is located at  degrees noth martian latitude where it was winter in april a cloudy time of year on the red planet. some believed it was hidden by clouds. an example of this in the story is the camera board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. the face is a natural landform, and aliens didnt create it. does an alien species live on mars? the face is believed to be made by aliens. some believe this, and some dont.