cars are changing now more than ever before. some of the changes that cars are going through are good while some of them arent so good. we need cars to get places. in the first paragraph it says he envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleetd of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. not everyone is comfortable with that and not all people want a public transportation stayem to use. what if they like being alone and away from all the people? will there still be cars that arent driverless? or will the population of cars that need to be driven not exist anymore? going against this is better thasn being for it. most people spent a lot of time and money getting there license and taking classes to learn how to drive and then that all just gets taken away by driverless cars or transportation syatems. its not the best idea to do that. what if the driverless items dont get used? it would cost lots of money and people would lose there jobs because of this like taxi drivers, bus drivers, and people that teach drivers ed but its good that cars do have the traffic jam assistant or other things in their car that help prevent accidents and other things of that sort. we need things like the traffic jam assistant because it helps people out for example in paragraph seven it says that the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. that means that it could save a persons life. by just having a sensor in your car can help save your life thats the kind of thing that we need in cars today. so instead of having driverless cars why dont we put systems like the traffic jam assistant in cars to help people out. its really pointless to go out of your way and spend so much money to create something that we dont even know will work yet last. so what if the power went out in the city and then the back up generator kicked in then it got shut down by the big storm. what would happen to the people that have to go get their kids of are already out doing things and need to get home to see if their families are okay. what do you do then if there are no regular cars and the power doesnt work nothing does? thats why we dont need driverless cars and or transpotation systems.