in the article, driverless cars are coming, the author states some different negative and positive aspects of the driverless cars. my thoughts on driverless cars are good. myself thoughts are that i like these driverless cars. can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars becuase no one needs them anymore? now, people now days can go out and buy a driverless car, and go anywhere they would like to go without driving. myself personal thought on this is it would be a great idea to purchase one of these driverless cars. good thoughts on these driverless cars are, they would use a lot less on gas, you could watch movies and television in your car also. many people text and drive now days even with self driven cars. if you had a driverless car, you would be able to text and drive. these cars have been driven more than half a million miles without a crash. people have bought these cars and not had a crash and myself thinks that it would bea good idea to get one of these driverless cars in my opinion. driverless cars have antilock brake systems and driver assistance. google that has designed these driverless cars have dreamed about making one for the longest time. there was no way, before , to make something interesting. google wanted to make something that has never been created before. driverless cars have all kinds of different systems and sensors that we have never thought of building a car with. these cars have rotating sensors on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. driverless cars have so much technology now that they will eventually and some now that will drive themselves. people that were looking into buying these driverless cars didnt want to be behind the wheel when driving. why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? why they still need to be behind the wheel is incase of traffic incidents or accidents on the roads for example. some drivers still think to themselves that they would get bored when not being able to drive and have to wait their turn. some displays in the driverless cars can be shut off manually. these cars have traffic jam assistance, which will alert you when driving and when you run into traffic. these cars also have alert systems when driving also. it would be a good and safe choice to purchase one of these driverless cars. can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars becuase no one needs them anymore? now that we have driverless cars no one would really need the cars that need a driver behind the wheel controlling the wheel, acceleration, and other systems in the car. more and more car manufactures are planning out and creating driverless cars. my position on the driverless cars is that i think that it would be a great idea to purchase one. they are safe, can take you anywhere you would need to go without driving, and would just be a wonderful idea to get one of these driverless cars.