if driveless cars are comming in the future i dont know how i will feel about it. growing up i never seen or even thougth abut driveless cars untill i was a teenager, i just thought about the cars now and days and is these the only cars that we will see in the future. i cant imagine it calling for a taxi if im far away and just getting in a car with no one in there, it would just be wierd, but it will be something that it will just be someting that i have to get used to. when i started to get older i did used to think about driveless cars because i started to see them in television shows and movies, and i also thought how it would change the world forever. some part i wouldnt trust it, if you really think about it self driving cars it sounds alittle dangerous. you have to really do alot of things while your driving, you have to use everything in your environment i just think if you made a driveless car you shouldnt have to worry about crashing or even tinking about it. if they did made a driveless car it should be able to drive whenever and wherever and more than just half a million miles without crashing i think you should be able to drive how long as you want. then details say that half a million miles without a crash, so does that mean that every half a million miles you are going to crash. i just dont know i think it will look very cool but the only thing that matters is that does it drive well is it really safe its alot of things that can happen. i do like that the detals in the passage say that if you want to take over the wheel you can take over whenever you wanted. like i was saying you have to really pay attention when your driving from the cuts and turns and also the bad traffic and then a driveless car, a car doesnt even have a brain it a vehicle not a living thing but one thing i do like is all of the alerts and sensors that the car have to protect you. yes a drivless have good things but also could have some very bad things. thats just like in a few states like california, nevada, florida and columbia all of those states dont really allow you to use semiautonomous cars they care about your safety. they just dont think it is safe because you are not driving the car, the car is driving by itself, there many good and bad things about this were just going to see what it is going to be like when it happens. just like it say in the passage says if someone gets injured whos fault is the driver or the manufacturer.