emotions can be expressed everyday, wether you are happy, surprized, angry, disgust, feard, and, sad, you still show some emotion. now technology is improving and they now know the facial expression that the mona lisa is making. shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry paragraph . the technology that was used to find it out was a technology called facial action coding system or facs. the technology should be used more in the future and its a great technology that has been made in the years. technology changes everytime, but facial recognition could be very usefull. many people could use it to find people facial expression if they dont know their expression. with this technolog, you could find the students expression on something and could possibly help them with them. the technology can be very usefull. students have sometimes trouble in class, but sometimes they are afraid to ask. the person who is using the technology could help them and know their feeling. they could easily get help from a person. the teacher could also play a big role when they use the technology. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored paragraph . what dr. huang said was that with this technology, teachers could change the lesson to be not boring. if the lesson is boring, the student who is bored would pay less attention to that class and probably fail, but if it was a class and he was more happy about it, he could memorize it and could not forget it and learn what he did in class. another thing it can do is help from the confussion of the student. if the student is confused in class, the teacher could change and modify it for a simpler explanation. then the student would understand it more and they would learn from it more easier. the facs technology is very helpful and could help a lot of students. it even found the emocion expression of a famous art work draw by leonardo da vinci, the mona lisa. it solved something that is very old and knew its expressions. who wants their students to fail in a class? there is a simple fix, the facs technology which could help the student pay more attention in class and get little or no borem at all.