when it comes to alien life forms, people on earth have found very few signs that they exisit. with the signs we have found, our technology now a days has proved the aritifacts to be just conspiracies. one of the great conspiracies of aliens started with a picture in . the picture was from a part of mars that wasnt explored very often. since people have been curious about aliens for years, they blew the picture out of proportion which started a chain reaction of people thinking that aliens were among us. one of the many reason that prove this landform wasnt made by aliens is that the technology wasnt very advanced when the picture was first taken. this first picture of the face was taken in . viking  was taking pictures of mars when the camera took a very hazy and blurred picture of a really big rock. since the technology wasnt very advanced at the time, scientists couldnt see if the rock was shaped like a face or just shadows reflecting off of the rock to make it look like a face. no one was very certain what it was. since no one knew exactly what the rock was, the public took the opportunity to make a really big deal about it. back in the s and s aliens were a big deal. people wanted to believe that aliens were among us. because the rock looked like a face, people wanted to know if the face was made by aliens or if it was just another landform. to get the public stirring, there were movies, books, magazines, and radio talks shows about it to give consumers what they wanted, a real life alien colony. in , nasa decided to get another picture of the face. when the picture was sent out to the public, all of the rave about the face was snuffed out because the picture looked exactly like a landform. scientists then closed all exploration on the face because the picture didnt look anything like a face. it just looked like a plain, old, boring mesa. jim garvin, chief scientist for nasas mars program even said that it reminded him of the middle butte in idaho. since the picture was so exact, if there was any life in the picture, the scientists couldve seen it in the picture. aliens are still being researched today, but back in , the rave of the face created by aliens was all fake. since the picture taken in  in so blurry, we cant see exactly if its a face or not. then when the new picture was taken in , we could easily see that the face that was made by aliens was actually just a mesa or butte. all of the publicity that the face got was just because at the time people wanted to know if there were actually aliens out there. the public have started some crazy conspiracies, but this one about the alien face will always be remembered as one of the craziest conspiracies in space exploration history.