the face that was found of mars by nasa can be proven that its just a natural landorm. the face does resemble human feature but they are just illusions given by the shadow around it giving it eyes,nose, and mouth. the face is a martian mesa that is common enough to be found around cydonia, where the face land formation was found. in april , when they took a picture of the face it was  times sharper than the originals viking photos it showed that there was no alien monument after all, so it was clear that it is a natural landrom rather than alien made landform. the face is just like the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, the face and the middle butte are both natural landfroms and not alien made. pictures of the face were taken clearer because people still thought that it was from by aliens, but the technology they use were better than the first technology they use, the picture they took still showed no marks of alien made land formtion. nasa use technology like mars orbiter carmera and vikings camera. however the public still doesnt believe that the land formation of the face is a natural landform,to say that nasa wouldnt lie about the face being a natural landforms because they actually benefit from finding a face that was made by aliens. nevertheless when nasa took a picture in april , they had used a camera that have an image spans of . meters per pixel, if there were any objects on the ground even small shacks could seen and know what they were. but what they found in the picture was that the martin equivalent of a butte or mesa of landform that are common around american west. by this comparsion it showed that the face is more likely to be a natural landform rather than a landform made by alien. to finalize it, the face that was found on mars is just a natural land formations and not an alien land formation, because with the high tech camera nasa used it would be able to showed any kind of details that alien could possiblely made mark on the landform would be shown in the picture but none of the evidence were found which shows that the face is more likey to be a natural landform.