the face on mars have you ever seen something crazy on something, maybe a face or something that you seen before? have you thought about how that face or something else has gotten there? well, for a start it defintley wasnt aliens! just like the face on mars, people belive that the face was created by aliens! but that isnt true, the face on mars is just and only a natural landform that some how was created on earth. for my first reason on why the face on mars is just a natural landform is because nasa later revelied that the face was not made of aliens, but by shadows. a few days after that image was found, nasa needed to take a look and figure out what made this incredible and scientififc picture so unique, and why and how it was formed. later on, they have came up with an good explaination about this unique image. nasa said this,huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. scientifically, the face was made from a natural cause, so it makes it a very different natural landform. now, for my second reason on why this was not made by aliens, but just a natural landform is that there is no scientific research showing that aliens do exist and created this face. now i do know that some people say that they have seen aliens, but scientists dont think that is one hundred percent true because they dont have any evidence suggesting that aliens are real. many people to belive in them, but how do we know that they are actually real without any scientific knowledge? but now after nasa did some research, they found out that even though we dont have information about them, aliens did not create that face, it was only a natural landform. for my third and final reason, why the face was not created by aliens and is only a natural landform , is because in the last paragraph,paragraph twelve, they talk about how the the picture actually shows that it is the martian equvialent of a butte or mesa. since the landform shows a butte or mesa, that means that the image was a major landform that came from the american west. garvin says, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. he also said, thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. so, this is not only a natural landform, but a major natural landform. i do agree a little bit about aliens creating the face. maybesomewhere in space, there are aliens that created something else or not. one day maybe we can find something out in space that has something to do with aliens, but today is just isnt the day to do that. but overall, i would have to agree that aliens did not create this, but this is only a natural landform created by something other than aliens. as you can see, this creative landform was most defintley not created from aliens, but just a nice natural landform. scientists now figured out that this face on mars is from shadows and not from aliens. this landform is actually a butte or a mesa which is very intersting to have found out. many people did belive that the face on mars was created by aliens, but scientists havent found out if there are aliens or not, so we shouldnt jump into conclusion. but overall, this face was defintely a landform and not created by aliens!!