the media is everywhere. everyday, you hear gossip about celebrities in magazines, movies, and social media. millions of movies and magazines are released all of the time around the world. more than half of the time, the facts they tell us arent even close to accurate. you cant always trust the media, especially when including scientific facts. twenty five years ago something peculiar happened on mars. nasas viking  spacecraft was circling around mars, taking pictures, and spotted a martian mesa. the media is lying to all of us. are they honestly trying to get us to believe that the mesa is something that was created by aliens? thats purposturous. if aliens did however create the mesa, nasa would benifit from it. you cant trust information from movies or magazines because most of the time, they are false accuzations. most of the facts they tell us about are completely untrue. there isnt enough scientificly proven facts to believe what magazine and movie writers are telling us. the mesa is just a huge rock formation, not an alien created object. nasa is a very sophisticated scientific group, trust the information they tell us, not false information. i understand that few scientists believe that aliens somehow created the mesa. but, an extremely large amount of scientists highly disagree. there is absolutley no scientific proof of aliens created the mesa on mars. nasa has stated that its just a rock formation. if aliens created it, nasa would release that information. on april , , michael malin took his mars orbiter camera to fly to cydonia where he would take a picture of the rock formation. he later revealed on a jpl website, that it was just a nautral landform. nasas information is always correct. thanks to michael malin, we have proof that the mesa is just a rock formation. in conclusion, nasa has provided all of us with many accurate facts about the martian mesa. some people still choose to argue, even though nasa has already provided us with all of the right answers. i hope i have pursuaded you to think more into the facts that are scientifically correct, unlike the medias version of the story.