imagine if something could keep students up and ready to learn throughout an entire lesson that they couldnt care less about? it seems like an unlikely scenerio more likely. most students are interesting in every single class that theyre required to take, its almost enivitable. keeping students interest in a subject is what keeps them wanting to keep learning it. it could be lifechanging to be able to have a computer that is able to keep a students interest in what theyre learning up. adding something like this in to schools nationwide could be very manditory to keep students successful. its not new to anyone that if something bores you, you probably have no desire in keeping it in your memory. if something is uninteresting, its an instinct to want to find practically anything better to occupy you. there could be a computer designed in order to scan a students emotion to detect whether or not theyre bored. if the student seems to be disconnecting, the assignment could make the next question a different scenerio with a similar topic. in the passage, it says that the facs enables computers to be able to read your expressions in a way that can alter the experience for each individual. being able to modify the lesson, just like an instructor., is a key component. not only could the computer be able to keep you from getting bored, but if youre entertained by the assignment it is also able to continue questions similar to the one that catches your attention. school is boring for a lot of people because of their disconnection for the materials that they are learning. being able to connect each different student to a similar assignment could be groundbreaking. discussing something each student can relate to is valuable in keeping everyone engaged. lets take students that are homeschooled for example. nowadays its easier to homeschool children thanks to the internet. some kids to work better alone without much instruction, but most need something to keep them from getting distracted. not having a teacher to stay on you to do your work could cause people to disassociate from the required task. its just like having a teacher one on one working with a student. to further my position in this argument, i believe that these computers will be very valuable in classrooms everywhere. a lot of schools in this century use computers for a broad majority of their lessons. doing assignments on paper seems to be the minority now. this already makes it hard for teachers to be able to connect to their students, which many children need. this computer is somewhat like an individual instructor for each person in the classroom.