as the world around us begins to change blossom with new beliefs, ideas and inventions it makes you stop and wonder. about what? with television and movies creating the fantasy of driveless cars i cant help but wonder what it would be like if they actually exsisted? well now i know longer have to ask due to the amazing improvemnets, that i am proud to stand by, in technology that turned my childhood dream of driveless cars into a reality. actually driving a car is a thing of the past as the world steps forth into a new promising future. but what does this new promising future entail? for starters, better access to saftey. some may wonder how a car without anyone behind the wheel of it can possibly be safe. but the real question is how can it not be with sensors provided onto these vehicals they are built to protect . for instance,googles toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automative radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an interial motion sensor. with all of these sensors the car aswell pasengers are in better hands then they ever were when dependent on just one person focusing behid the wheel. now not only is the person behid the wheel focused but the car is focused as well as mimics the skill of a human at the wheel. though these sensors arnt anything new they have been around since the s when they would detect and respond to skids or rollovers on the roads. in addition in , bmw announced the devolpment of the traffic jam assistant. which is where the car is able to handle driving onits own. though the have touch sensors that make sure the driver is keeping hold o fthe wheel at all times.seeing as although the car is capable of steering, accelerating , and braking on its own it requires the human to be made aware its their skills are needed. also gm has created drivers seaats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger. so with the sensors of the past combined with the sensors of the google toyata prius questioning saftey is a thing of the past. though these drveless cars go beyond sensors on the outside of the vehical they also impact the interior.for instance dr.werner huber, a bmw project manager driver says we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. which they plan on doing by installing in car entertainment that can be instantly turned off and taken over when needed. in conclusion, driveless cars are a thing of the future that are not only amazing cool but safley bound present aswell. promising not only a better more effect future of public transportation where driveless cars form a publictransport taxi system. using only half the fuel we use today, saving the world resources. but a chance to turn what once was a dream into an everlasting reality.