i believe that driverless cars are important for the people because theres been a lot of cases where people have died because they take their eyes away from the road for a minute next thing you know boom!! they have crashed thats putting drivers life in danger not only there lifes but the other drives life n danger. also this can prevent people from falling asleep driveless cars help keep the human driver awake the article states, gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. this statement shows that not only driverless car can drive on there own but they keep drivers awake. this could help semi driver to stay awake after driving thousand of miles without sleep. the article also states, manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watched the driver. this statement shows how the driver cant go to sleep with the car watching over him. this helps keeping the driver safe not only him but the other drivers who are awake and mabye have familys in the car. another benefit with the driverless car is that it helps with the enviroment this car help the enviroment by not producing as much toxis as the normal car. the article states, the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibilty that a bus. this statement shows how driverless cars are helpful for the enviroment but for the passengers to. the passengers don,t have to get in a taxi with a stranger if the driverless car is driving this is puting humans life safer no more are taxi driver being ropped or kill because they let on the wrong person on. how can they tell whos a bad person or a good person. the driverless car is not only safe and good for the enviroment but its new technology. when is new technolgy not helpful we live in a era of technolgy. a driverless car would be a huge advansment in technology. for example no one wants an old phone everybody want the newest phone that they can get. why? becasue the new technology that will be provided for them. for example the article states, for starters, they needed a whole lot of sensors. googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera munted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and a intertial motion sensor. that to me sounds like a lot of technology on a car. we need improving technology we just dont want to stay with the same technology we been changing technolgy since along time ago. we need driverless cars not only for safety to ourselves and other people but to see how far technology can take us.