have you ever seen a movie that takes place in the future? if yes, then you probably also saw driverlessflying cars in it. although these cars may become a reality, there will be many negative aspects that will also come with them. some of the negative aspects that will result from having driverless cars are more debt for the world, the risk of not being safe, and the fact that driverless car will not truly be driverless. one negative aspect that will come with having driverless cars is that the it will not ever actually be driverless. for example, in the article it talks about how driverless cars require several sensors in order to work. the problem with these sensors is that they do not really work when it comes to accidents or work zones. this means that even if driverless cars are invented the driver will always have to be alert in case the car needs to be taken over by a human this aspect affects the whole meaning of driverless cars because they would instead be called somewhat driverless cars. the only way for a driverless car to happen were if smart roads invented instead the negative side to this is that they are expensive to build. another negative aspect that will come when building driverless cars is that they are expensive and will take a long time to come. for example, in order for driverless car to become a reality the first thing that needs to happen are smart roads. these smart roads, as explained in the article, are difficult to build since the roads that we have now would have to upgraded which would cost a lot of time and effort. a second thing that needs to happen before driverless cars can become a reality are changes in driving laws. for example, in order for companies to convince authorities to make driverless cars legal in more states, they would need to prove that they are safe. this would take along time since safety is the number one priortiy when it comes to driving and authorities would have to think long and hard about make them legal. another negative aspect that will come with driverless car is that they would be boring and unsafe. since driverless cars can not be completly driverless, the passanger will need to stay alert. this could get boring since it means that the passanger first can not drive during most of the ride and because they also could not relax. companies are trying to solve this problem by having some sort of entertainment system of built into the car but even if they do get rid of the entertainment problem there is always the huge risk that the driver will fall asleep or not be alert enough when it comes to them having to take over. therefore, although driverless cars have positive aspects, there are more negative aspects than there are postive. the fact that driverless cars will never be actually driverless due to other factors such as accidents is one of them. another one is the fact that in order for them to be made several amounts of money will have to be spent. finally, the third negative aspect that will come with driverless cars is that they would be boring and unsafe since the driver will have to stay alert because if not accidents could happen. so even though driverlesss cars may become a reality, they would be unessecary since most people would not want them due to saftey reason.