the facs facial action coding system has  major muscles in the human face programmed and their movements detectable by its software. while some may not understandable the use of this technology, it would be groundbreaking and highly effective within our classrooms. many humans portray false or pretend emotions to other humans for various, different reasonings. however, the facs could be used to break through this method of manipulation and deception by tracking the facial muscles being used and moved by its subject. it would allow the computer to calculate the different emotions and feelings being present in its subject, which could be used in a matter of many different ways. within the classroom, various emotions can be felt by its students while learning new topics and receiving their education. feelings can range from excitement and an interest in learning new subjects to being bored or unmotivated to proceed with the lesson. day by day, technology is further and used more frequently within our schools, allowing us to adapt new education methods. most students in the us are presented with an electronic device by their school to complete their homework and classwork on. the facs could easily be intregrated into these devices, affecting how education could be taught and learned. if it was being used in a correct, effective manner, it could change how we teach our students forever! lets imagine that a student was perhaps puzzled and confused by a lesson being taught using technology. the facs program could detect this, modifying the information to be more understandable andor enjoyable to the student. this would allow for education to be more effective in many different ways. it could be very different for how two tenth graders in the same class learn new subjects and topics the most effectively. if this was released into schools, it is very possible and most likely that grades would improve drastically. this technology could also assist those with special needs or learning disabilities to teach them in the most effective, best technique for them. while being present at school, not all emotions displayed by students are caused by learning. there might be unknown stresses or difficulties at home or personal lives, causing emotional andor physical distress. this can majorly affect their grades and learning experience, but also their overall health in general. using the facs to detect certain emotions and patterns in students could help notify educators and administration of possible issues with various causes. this would allow the student to gain access to the aid and assist they need to be able to persevere and stride forward with success. the health of students need to come first before learning and using technology to discover if they need assistance would invaluable to the school systems. technology is always advancing and evolving into different, new forms. the facs is just one of the many things that could change our education system and how we teach students. overall, it would provide aid to students that need it to succeed in their education and have more of a understanding in subjects they were originally confused by. a major benefit to using this program would be detecting distress in students, allowing the school to assist them and receive the help they need to succeed. the facs could change how schools work forever if they were used in our classrooms and it would be for the benefit of our students.