are driverless cars safe? to me it seems kinda risky. what if the car malfunctions or somerthing bad happens. then whos fault is that? also, if they put driverless cars on the street we would have to make a lot more laws. things like age limit on driving one, if youd need a license to operate one, and if you could operate one under the influence of anything. i think there would be just a lot of rules, regulations, and problems for a driverless car. so my positon on driverless cars? like i said in my indroduction i think driverless cars would just be to risky. i mean if they functioned perfectly with no malfunctions or anything theyd really come in handy, and would be of great help to a lot of people. i think they would be of great help to handicapped people, or veterans injured in the war, or people who arent able to drive at the moment. but you would also have to know how to drive, because stated in the text, humans would need to take over in some situations. so, basically the car is limited to some driving abilities to like pulling out of the driveway, or through roadwork accidents thats when the human will have to take control. to support my decisions in the text the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. they can steer accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are desinged to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. so that means the human should always be alert and be ready when the situation occurs. also, gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the car is in danger to backing into something, so im guessing the human will have to take over there instead of the car saving itself. other options are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays, but what if the driver was death or blind? some headsup displays they wouldnt know, and also why i think the cars are risky. in conclusion like i said before the cars could be of great help. also, the cars would be really cool and great. its just those headsup displays, and the human would have to be alert at all times ready to take control. in additon to if the car malfunctioned or something then what? who would there be to blame? lastly, there would have to be whole lot of new laws, rules , and regulation put in place for driverless cars, and thats why i think driverless cars would be risky.