the use of the technology to discover ones emotions, i would say is not valuable. many people say technology has already taken over too much and i am begining to agree. many people may suffer from disorders like and anxiety disorder or a bi polar disorder, and many doctors and humans would much rather like to have these disorders treated verbally and face to face weither it be by talking to a councilor, threapist , your parents or a doctor. a computer does not need to be able to predict ones feelings, maybe the person does not want others to know how they feel. in the passage it says that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, so it could change up the lesson , well you dont know if the student is faking their emotions to be able to get the work modified in a fun way to put in less effort and work. this is taking technoogy almost way to far. many people like to write down how they are feeling and thats better in a natural way than to have a piece of technology dictate your in this case emotions and your future. some things are best to just be adressed in a natural way like verbally talking to a human one on one or writing or excersising, not sitting in front of a laptop or computer and having it read your emotions. you have to keep in mind some people dont want to have everything or everyone especially a computer knowing that much information about you, thats like putting on the world wide news hey im sad today! some students could be going through some personal things like puberty, dealing with a divorce or a death in the family and they may need to talk to someone about it , but i dont think that a computer that has been coded with millions of diffrent formulas and data softwares are going to releive that stress or pain. this upcoming of technology could leave some parents uncomfortable with sending their child to school to have a computer stare at them and predict their current emotion or mood. so i do not find this use of technology in a classroom to be valuable at all.