venus is a interesting but amazing planet. it has a nickname of the evening star. it is the planet that is the closest related to earth, which makes sense for it also being referred to as earths twin. it being so closely related to our home planet has caught the eye of some. it is a planet no one can get close to however some think it is worth some risks to discover what lies there. you may be thinking what risks are there? well there are quite a few. the author does a great job explaining what the risks are and how harsh venus can be. however i do not believe they explained enough of the benefits that support why we should explore it despite the risk factor involved. for venus being earths twin its very different from earth. the author included the facts of the atmosphere of venus is made up of almost nintyseven percent of carbon dioxide and its clouds have highly corrosive sulferic acid in them. earth does not have either of those and humans breathe oxygen and in return produces carbon dioxide. humans really couldnt benefit from the lack of oxygen compared to the almost nintyseven percent carbon dioxide. the almost other three percent may not even be oxygen but the author doesnt include that detail. earth doesnt have an average of over  degress on its surface unlike venus. the author then included that the pressure is  times greater on venus then it is on earth, that pressure can crush a submarine. there is even more that prevent us from discovering more on venus. the weather there can and will include erupting valcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning storms. which is really not ideal at all for trying to explore. nasa is working on ways to get up close with venus. according to the passage they have been testing different electronics made of silicon carbide in chambers simulating the conditions on venus. they discovered it could last up to three wees. their other idea was to have scientists float above the fray. but they couldnt take rocks samples or anything by doing so. it would be a good way, but they really couldnt get the research they wanted. as well as the fact it wouldnt be easy conditions because of the radiation. according to the author, astromers are very interested in venus because at one point they believe it was the most earthlike planet in our solar system. they believe it was covered with oceans and even sustained life just like earth does now. in current day they know that it still does have similarities to earth like valleys, mountains, and craters. but is that really all worth it? the author then says the value of returning there is indisputable. the author really included a lot more risks than benefits of returning there. the support they gave wasnt that supportive. then would say something beneficial for example, they could actually observe from the fray but they only have limited sight of the planet. it really just adds to the negative part of the exploration. the article seemed to have more negativity than positivity. the risks drowned out the support which in turn made the authors point not as strong.