the author did not support the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. i think this for multiple reasons. yes nasa may have a possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus which could allow scientists to float above the fray, but you dont know for sure if it would work or if you would make it back alive. why take the chance? i know i wouldnt. in the atricle the author states researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. this would mean that you couldnt really experiment anything you find there and it would be pointless to even go to venus. to be able to study venus like they want they would need evidence and samples of different objects from there. the article also states peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions becuase most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standards forms of photography and videography ineffective. this would mean that you would need to stay so far away and even when being that far the pictures or videos you would want to take could not be done. also with additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface makes the chances more slim to surving on venus for even a few short hours. in conclusion, i would not say studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. venus is the second planet from our sun which is why its proved to be a very challenging place to examine more closely. especially since no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours. trying to go to venus would be pointless and not worth it. not only are clouds in venus challenging which are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere, but a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. it would be way too dangerous to go there. even despite the dangers you dont know if the bimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape is even reliable.