in the article driverless cars are coming, it talks about the positive and negatives aspects of driverless cars. it talks about how driverless cars will be the future cars where no one else as to drive again. it also talks about how even though it is driverless, in some cases like a road accident or in traffic jam drivers are needed to assist the car. for me i am against the development of driverless cars. first, our technology is not up to date yet. second, it would likely cause more accidents. third, not a manufactured things go the way they should. lastly, it will cause alot of conflicts if the cars muanfuntions. first, our technology is not up to date yet. if the car is called a driverless car then why do the cars need drivers assistance in many cases. for example in the article it says that driver assistance is need in cases like a traffic jam, car accident, or a road block. i believe the cars should be able to get through with the situations without having to need human driver assistance. the point is that our technology is not up to date that the cars still need driver assistance. second, it would likey cause more accidents. i know that salers will try to persuade you with their products, but do all of them work or function properly all the time? no and that is why i beleive that the cars that car diverless will not all function the way it should  percent. what can you do if it muanfunctions and you accidentaly kill a person? nothing really, you can either go to court and try to sort things out or you can take the blame. third, not all the manufactures stuff go the way it should. every product does not function properly all the time. their may be glitches or maybe some missing information that it needs to function properly. lastly, it could cause alot of conflicts. lets say that you killed a human being while you were in your new driverless car. what can you do? well first of all you can tell the manufacturing company what happend. what if that dont work? you can try to take it up to court and sort it out. but what if that dont work as well? i guess your gonna have to take the blame for the accident. you see what im trying to get out? it can cause a hazard problem if things go wrong. in conclusion i am against the development of driverless cars. first, our technology is not up to date. second, it would likely cause more accidents. third, not all manufuctured stuff work properly. lastly, it will cause a huge conflct. i hope you read my eassy and is persuaded that driverless cars are not safe for people and the car industry in general.