although driverless cars are useful and could make it easier for drivers to navigate a car, i am against driverless cars. i am against driverless cars because it will take a lot a sensors and technology to develope the things manufacturers need to build the car to drive on its own. the car also dont have to ability to detect roadwork or accidents. in most states in the country it is illegal to even test computerdriven cars. the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. what if a sensor fail? then thats were the human come in and take control of the situation. if a sensor fail and there is no driver then the car can go uncontolably across the road causing many accidents. when in most case, if there was a human driving the car there wouldnt be as many failures and the car and everyone in and surrounding it will be safe. in fact, none of the cars developed so far are competely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this mean that the human driver must stay alert and be ready to take control of the required situation. i believe that if the car cant navigate around wrok zones and accidents that the car should only be driven by a human that can detect all dangers that are coming its way. for example, if the sensor cant navigate the car around an accident that already accured than how can it provent the car from being involved in a accident. most drving laws focus on keeping driver, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. that is why most states made it illegal to even test computerdriven cars because they know it isnt safe and require lots of inprovements. even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liablity in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is respondsible? the driver or the manufacturer? driverless cars is not something i would like to have in my future because there is a lot of inprovements that need to be worked out before they meet the safety requirements of the taffic laws. they would be a great help to those who are learning to drive, but they are still dangerous. humans arent perfect, but they are more reliable in driving a car than sensors, so i am against driverless cars.