venus is the second planet from our sun, which is the closest planet to earth in terms of distance. venus is close up that theres challenges that researchers have done but there could be some danger in it. the danger could affect humans not being able to stay or experience the planet venus. there are conditions and warnings on what could happen in venus. in paragraph  at the end says, each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this shows that humans havent touched the ground since they cant survive there for more than one hour. in paragraph , it talks about how the pressure could affect danger on its surface. also in paragraph  it states, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and crater. this shows that venus has similar things to earth and there could be an option of visiting. however, in paragraph , the pressure and heat probes seeking to land on its surface and can cause bad weather, erupting volcanoes, and powerful earthquakes. humans have to be alerted by what can happened or else danger will come towards them in venus. another exmaple is in paragraph  it states, many reasearchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. this statement shows that scientists are working on how they can get up close to venus and understand more of it so humans know what to expect. in conclusion, venus has value of human curiosity. scientists, researchers, and some humans want to know more about the planet venus. despite of what can be danger in there, they are trying to find ways to explore it more without causing death or dangerous things that can happen. with new technology and machines, scientists will be able to find the posibilities of being in venus while surviving. venus can be dangerous at a cost but despite the interesting things that human can pursuit it and discover this planet.