studying venus what is venus? is it dangeries to study? venus is one of the brightest plant in the sky .how well does the author support the idea of studying venus? to continue the way the aunth supports the idea is by talking about how nasa is working on studying venus,how scientists want to discuss further visits, and ways we can study venus without any harm being involved. fisrt reason why is nasa is working on how to study venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulatign the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditionsparagraph . they are working on all these of projects to see how they could study venus in a better way. nasa is trying to find ways that they could have less heat to bring someone on the rocketship. this in formation proves that studing venus is not that hard unless you find ways to approatch it more sucessfully. the second reason why is how the scientist want to discuss about making more visits to venus. when they are saying that venus is a inhospitable. astronomers are fascinated by venus it could of been one of the earthlike planet in the soloar system paragraph .there are trying to send people to study venus, but they want to say how it is inhospitable. this information proves on that venus is something to study about if scientists want to study it then why should we not. the third reason is ways we could study venus without any harm be involved. think about a blimplike vehicle hovering over  or so miles above the roling venusian landscapeparagraph . if jet planes travel at a higher altitude and avoid storms. if we can get a vehicle to be over venus, then we could avoid any really hot heat. this information proves that they are ways to study venus without any harsh harm being involed to the human. in conclusion, the author has supporting evaluations to studying venus. the ideas are how nasa is working on studing venus, how scentist want to disscuss abot venus, and ways we could study venus without any harm. if venus is so harmful to study and travel to then why are scientist still trying to study it?