the extensive use of car transportation is setting a cloud over our society, literally. car transportation is so heavily depended on in the current generation that people dont realize the negatives it has on our environment, local buisnesses, and peoples lives in general. transporation is not a priority and there are numerous advantages to gain out of limiting the use of cars the smog percentages in the atmosphere will decline and create an everlasting clear environment and magnificent clarity built skies, local buisnesses that are run by families in suburbs will see their popularity rising back up to their previous points before malls in distant areas took over, the stress of supporting a cars expenses will be relieved, and people will realize that we connect just as well through the internet rather than driving to meet friends. although cars are used by a vast amount of the population, the impact it has on the environment is withoutadoubt an ongoing situation that needs to be taken care of. the author states in the passage that passenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and up to  in some car intensive areas in the united states. that should automatically tell you that these vehicles are putting an impact on our environment. limiting the permission that citizens have of using their cars temporarily has shown a massive decrease in the smog build up that takes up a rather large percentage in most cities, in source , paragraph  the author states the outcome of paris permitting drivers with evennumbered licenses from driving this saw smog levels clear up enough to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. if only temporarily holding people back from driving can affect our environment so positively, imagine what the output would be if the world repeated this action on a much larger scale. furthermore, cars promote the popularity of malls, which takes away the attention from numerous local buisnesses. these local stores are ran by families that need customers to keep their system alive, and if cars are traveling a further distance to reach malls, it just takes away the money needed by these local buisnesses. living in small communities and suburbs is a great solution to this problem and has proven to work already, for instance the suburb of vauban, germany stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant high way. another advantage of limititing car usage would be the lessening of stress, so many people have the burden of paying expensive car bills and having to work more than one job just to keep up with the numerous payments cars require, accidents are also caused by the massive amount of cars that are already in use on the roads. if people would carpool more often or take public transporations such as buses and trains, we would see an immense improvement of families income and wed expect a safer society as a whole, safer from the hazards caused by the humongous majority of vehicle transportation. having a car isnt a priority, working a job close to home and using bus transportation will be benfitial to your community, just plan out your approach and youll soon understand why having a car isnt always necessary. all in all, putting a stop to the extensive of cars will mainly bring out the pros, people always say they want to see the world become less polluted and free from toxic gases, limiting car usage is the first step to achieving this goal as wed see smog in our skies clear out, your local buisnesses can step back into popularity and connect your community even more rather than traveling a far distance to reach malls. and finally, one of the main advantages would be the effect is has on you. all your money stresses will be relieved and youll be able to focus on something more important than a car bill. the world is noticing these possibilities and we are heading for a chage on step at a time.