this new technology shows that no matter what, until humans are gone they will keep evolvng. however, with this certain technology, i do not agree with the concept, while it may be practical in certain ways, at the same time some can feel, as many others probably would as well, that it could feel like it would be an invasion of privacy. the reasons for this are as follows, when people are trying to hide how they feel it is for a reason and in a classroom, the computer would constantly be changing and running even harder to get nothing done or even hurt the learning, because no matter how much they like the subject, some students would still get bored or not engaged. the first reason for thinking that this could be considered an invasion of privacy is that when people are trying to hide their emotions they are hiding them for a reason. they might not have a good reason for hiding their emotions from you, but it is still their reason and their emotions, and whether or not you agree with how theyre feeling and why, you have to respect their feelings. while in certain aspects it could be useful to have this in a classroom setting, as a whole, it would not do much good. where the computer could change the lesson to help you be more engaged, it could also hurt in the actual learning of the subject. some people work in a way that, while they may seem like they are not engaged in the subject and therefore not learning anything from the subject, they are still learning just as well as if they were actively engaged in the subject. in a perfect world, students could be engaged and still learn at the same time, while some students can, lots of students cant learn as well if they are engaged to an extent in the lesson, they may feel engaged and seem engaged, but at the same time they may forget everything that they learn within the next day. this new technolgy could be beneficial, but at the same time it could be considered a breach of privacy and it could hurt and not do anything to change the learning of the subject by the student. for these reasons i believe that this software should be used, but only for certain reasons, and not generally in schools.