venus is considered the earths twin because of its similar size to the earth and how close it is. however we can not send a spacecraft on venus because of its dangerous environment that doesnt possible for humans to land in. the author supports the idea that studying venus is worthy despite the dangers by explain how theres interest in venus, the dangerous factors in venuss environment, and how scientist are trying understand venus. despite having unhabitable conditions, astromoners are interested of how venus used to be the earthlike planet in the solar system. in the fourth paragraph the author states, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. these raises the possibilitly that we could travel to venus since its geostructure and atmosphere used to be so similiar to earths. the author explains that while that dangers in studying venus, these factors present more of a challenge for humanspace activity. in the article, the author states that venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is close to our sun. beyond high pressure and heat, venisian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. however the author also states, striving to meet the challenge presentted by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the authors explains that while venuss environment may not be survivable for humans but we let our travel into space be limited by the dangers of one planet. finally, author explains that reseachers are working and innovating to make it possible for us to study venus. in paragraph , the authors states, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. reseachers are conducting experiment to see if we have resources that handle the conditions of venuss surface how we can use old technology to help us on the journey. while the journey to travel to venus may prose dangerous, the author supports that venus is worth the pursuit by explaining the motivation for explorating venus, how the dangerous environment may prove to be a challenge and how researchers are working on innovations to help us understand venus.