while driveless cars can fundamentally change the world, they would be far too much of a risk in reality. while computerdriven cars are fascinating, selfdriving cars are not functionally the same as humandriven cars. selfdriving cars cannot possibly maneuveur throughout the highway, or swerve at the sigh of a small animal from afar. while there are automatic sensors along with laser beams, the touch of a human would be far less risky to not only the driver, but, the manufacturer as well. additionally, drivers would become bored waiting to drive, as addressed in paragraph . besides that, if humans do not need to drive cars, but still supervise them from the inside, then it is far more risky for injuries since they most likely will not be paying their upmost attention. this would be due to the fact that drivers would become bored, they would turn on music, play on their phones. therefore, owning a selfdriven car is also another safety precaution. another issue with selfdriving automobiles is the law. for example, most driving laws intend to keep the drivers, passengers, and pedestrians in a safe haven. however, with selfdriven cars, new laws would still need to cover the instances in a case of accidents. if the technology were to fail midroad, or in the middle of nowhere, what would the driver do? given the driver to be coincidentally alone, on the road, and in the dark, a selfdriving automobile can be crucially dangerous. another issue with selfdriving cars is the quality of their sensors. what if they broke in the middle of a long road trip, or even on the highway? this would endanger not only the drivers safety, but the safety of others. with technology always comes the risk of malfunctioning. humans lives on this earth are far too meaningful to throw away because of mindless technological cars. lastly, the selfdriving car can be dangerous because of the lack of work it allows humans. with this, can come laziness. with laziness, comes minimal attention they will pay to the roads. again, this would risk passengers and pedestrians outside of the drivers car or in the drivers car. for humans not to be aware of their surroundings, can cause great damage. for instance, knowing that their car is selfdriven, they will most likely check their phones, stare into space, or observe all the outside forces that do not involve their car. in conclusion, selfdriven automobiles are a dangerous risk to our society today. in order to survive as a society, we must ensue the safety of not only ourselves, but others. safety is crucial, so let us not risk it.