venus is a rather intriguing planet that mankind would have a great interest in studying. venus great danger is whats stopping us from examining it up close. the author tries to say that overcoming this danger is worth dealing with to explore venus, however. i believe their claim is valid and that there is value of trying to study the planet, even with these dangerous conditions. theres even a decent chance of working around the risks. the author uses reasons like its the most earthlike planet, studying venus from a ship orbiting around the planet isnt insightful enough to learn much, and that nasa is even coming up with different methods of studying the planet to justify their idea. theres a lot of evidence to suggest that venus was originally similar to earth in quite a few ways. the planet was likely covered with oceans that couldve been able to support life. venus also had other features like rocky sediment, craters, valleys, and mountains. venus is also sometimes the closest planet to earth, often swapping back and forth with mars being the closest. this evidence shows that its likely venus was essentially an alternate version of earth. its also a good point that hovering above the planet and observing it just isnt effective enough at gathering information. since the atmosphere is impenetrable to light, photography and videography of the surface is near pointless. the inability to go down to the ground and collect samples of the materials, substances, and gases hinders our ability to understand the planet. researchers are even considering innovating space technology to allow us to gather some form of meaningful knowledge. we need to advance past observing from an orbital space station and find a way to get down there. nasa realizes that problems could be solved with the right approach. theyve tested how long some electronics made of silicon carbide could survive in venus conditions and so far, the results have shown that there is potential. building resistant computers may also collect information on the planet, but mechanical computers may get this job done the best. mechanical computers were used in world war ii, but they were sturdier than modern computers and dont require any electronics to function. if one method of getting closer to the planet doesnt work, we could always try again with another. overcoming the dangers of venus is currently one of the toughest challenges of space exploration weve seen yet. with enough determination and patience though, we can find a way to work around this dilemma especially since nasa clearly hasnt given up working on solutions. this may be necessary too our current method of studying this place just isnt that good. the reward may be worth the effort too since venus is one of the most interesting planets weve attempted exploring. lets just hope that this wont stop us from wanting discover the whole universe.