in the artical, making mono lisa smile, the author writes about a new technology known as facial action coding system, abbreviated to facs. this technology reads peoples expressions and put together pecentages of how a person is feeling. others claim that this is an excelent idea to use this in a classroom, but i disagree. it is a skill that most humans have, could be used in a way that it should not be used, and is unnatural. telling facial expression is a human skill that we recieve when we are born. the passage gave an example of a person and their friend. a person could easily tell how their friend is doing by looking and watching their facial expressions. even if a baby was looking at another human being, the baby can tell hiw the ither person is feeling. yes, it could be hard at times for they could easily have mixed emotions about something, but is that not what socilasing for? so why do we need a machine telling us how we feel in a classroom? a student can easily hide their feelings. rather that be out of shame, of pride, or even jalousy. humanity would be lying to one self if all of us said that we have never hid our feelings. actors and actresses around the world are hiding their true feelings to get into a charactor. these people are convencing themselves that they are a different person, which is what makes the acting industry so great and interisting. there are some students that are worried about their grades and some that could careless. carelessness could come from boredom, however, if the subject is not appealing to them, they will be bored either way. there are certin subjects that most students find no intrest in that they have to take no matter what because it is required by the law of the state for education. for example, if a student enjoys math more than language art, they will most likely be bored of almost everything that is taught in the language arts classroom. for an educator to make it more intresting and apealing to this student, they might think about adding some kind of math into the subject. this will most likely not work because the student is in the mind set of laungue arts. this machienery is unnatural to the earth and to humanity. if we start using these in classrooms, it will most likely be taken farther and be sold to be at ones homes. it is said in the passage your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms... however, it was once imposible for a phone to fit in a pocket, it was imposible for an airplane to fly, and there are many othe imposible things that became posible. now days with social media, people are more constricted in their self buble that they do not go and try to meet new people. if this machien was to enter our homes, the kids may never leave the house because it knows exactly what i am feeling. over all, i do not think that this machienery is a good place for a school because it is a skill that most humans have, could be used in a way that it should not be used, and is unnatural. humans need the interaction with other humans, they can easily fake their facial expression, and could become a cause of lower social skills.