school can be very boring to most kids. the endless notes and lessons from teachers, and the countless hours staring at a computer screen just isnt fun. prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute believes that every students computer should have the ability to read its owners facial expressions to change the way it is being taught to benefit the kids! schools around the nation need to look into getting computers with the ability to read their kids facial expressions if they want to see an increase in education. being able to read ones face seems like a far fetched idea, but it is very possible. dr. paul eckman is the creator of the facs, or the facial action coding system. eckman has stated that the facs can read six different basic emotions. happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. beckman also states that each emotion is paired with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, states dr. huang. with that being said, if schools could put a version of the facs into computers in their school and study the way their students handled the lessons, they could modify their lessons accordingly. dr. huang and colleague prof. nicu sebe are looking for more ways to interpret the importance of communication between humans and technology. with the technology that the facs provides, huang realized something. he realized that if this was put into schools, it would change the way lessons were taught. huang states a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. he proceeds to state most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. so computers need to understand that too. huang is trying to interpret that having these in the classroom would make learning more enjoyable and more affective. there have been times in school where teenagers across the nation dont understand a lecture, and are too scared to ask the teacher in front of the whole class. if a system like the facs was included in computers across the u.s. schools would see an increase in not just education, but an increase in attendance as well. if we want to take steps to advance in the educational field, then these are the necessary steps to take. get new technology in the classroom!