venus is sometimes called evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. however, the nickname is misleading since venus is a planet. in our solar system venus is the second planet from the sun. venus has some challenging place discover closely. venus has a lot of interesting things. first, it is worthy to study venus becaus it is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in the distance too. in the article it said that venus is sometimes right around the cornerin space termshumnas. venus hasnt not been touched down more than three decades. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its promixity to us. the article show that a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. second, venus maybe a bit scary but worthy sudying it. as already said venus has quite a lot of interesting. on the planets surface teperatures average is over  degree and the pressure is  times graeter than our on planet. even though mercury is closer to the sun venus has the hottest surface temperature in our solar system. nasa has one particularly for sending humans to study venus. third, a lots of researcher are trying to study venus and curios about it. venus is sometimes called evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. however, the nickname is misleading since venus is a planet. in our solar system venus is the second planet from the sun. venus has some challenging place discover closely. venus has a lot of interesting things. finally, venus is being study by a lot of researcher because of it interesting facts. vehicles hovering over venus would avoid the unfrieindly ground conditions by staying up and out of their ways. peerind at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safeky far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. researcher cannot take any samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. vens can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. inclonclusion, it is worth to study venus because if it interesting facts. others planets has a lot of it intersrting facts too but venus has more. as already said venus is the hottest planets in our solar system even though it not the closest to the sun. now a day many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to oyr knowledge of venus. it is worthy to study venus because of it interesting facts.