todays world is full of ideas and innovation. sometimes there are good ideas, and sometimes there are bad ideas. you can never expect all good ideas from one person, and that brings me to sergey brin, cofounder of the worlds biggest search engine google. brin states his company is developing a car that operates without a driver to an extent. do not be fooled, google has not came up with a completely autonomous car, though the projects future does seem bright. there are many faults when it comes to a selfdriving car. first, you will have to understand that, despite all of the technological advances brought on by our society, the car has advanced fairly slowly. with this, one has to realize the change from a car controlled by a person to a car controlled by itself may not be wellsuited. secondly, there seems to be somewhat of a complication when it comes to regulations of a new concept. for example, in the passage driveless cars are coming, the author brings up the issue with creating new traffic laws in order to accomodate the autonomous car. would that not be a hassle? in my opinion, there are far more things to worry about than a driverless car. all of the time used to create laws, roadways, hubs, and so forth could be spent on medical research or fixing our environment. on the other hand, the industry of making and manufacturing these cars and their components could create jobs for people living in our desperate country. on the flipside of that, what if, similar to all other industries, labor is outsourced in order for companies to establish an edge early? when dealing with social issues such as these, all conditions must be considered before moving on. with this idea of selfdriving cars, i really can not say i agree with the project. i feel like if there ever was to be a car like that, the problems would far outway the common good of it all, and perhaps the whole thing would turn into a hastly jumbled mess. all in all, the idea of an autonomous car seems outlandish and unnecessary, not to mention sloth in an already lazy america.