in the st century there has been a lot of new technology invented. driverless cars is among the many invention ideas that is still on the drawing board. driverless cars should not be developed because it will cost a lot of money, traffic laws will have to be modified, and the cars wont be truely driverless. the amount of money it will cost to make a mass oroduction of driverless cars is not worth it. the passage says googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sennsors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an internal motion sensor. all of the items that the toyota prius has on it will be needed for the new driverless cars. the things mentioned in the quote do not include the many internal modifications that will need to be made. the car companies that create cars will need to pay to have thier workers trained to be able to do the modificatins that the driverless car needs. the car company will also have to pay for all of the expensive sensors that are needed. this wil drive up the over all cost of the smart car, and make it too expensive for the average working person. the driving laws that exist as of today focus on keeping all citizens safe, and lawmakers assume that the onlt safe cars have an alert human driver. the passage says presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safecar has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. in the us the laws state that it is illegal in many states . the laws in those states would have to be changed to allow driverless cars to enter into that state. the traffic laws that those states have were created to try and keep all members of society safe. the assumption of the states with these laws are that the only safe car is a car being driven by an alert human. sincethis is that case the laws that were created most likely would not be changed to allow driverless cars to drive on the roads of those states. the cars would not be able to be completly driverless. the passage says they can steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the cars that have been invented and tested so far are unable to be completly driverless. the cars lack skills that only humans are able to accomplish. these skills include navigating through work zones and accidents, which are two very common things on todays roads. since the cars are not completly driverless a human driver will have to be alert at all times in case the car isnt able to preform a human driving skill that is needed. the overall cost, law changes, and driving assistance that will be needed to operate a driverless car is not worth it. those factors will not change in a few years, so car companies should not waste their time and resources trying to develop a driverless vehical.