a cowboy who rode the waves in the story there was a boy named luke and he had just graduated from high school. he was working two part time job at the grocery store and at the bank. then one day one of his friends invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat. luke knew that this was a great opportunity for him to go with him so he did. in the story luke did lots of travling and it sounds like he really enjoyed himself. i believe that peole now days should do these type of things today. my first reason why i believe that people should do these things today is because lots of people are lazy and do not do anything but sit around on their phones or either on a video game. it hurts peoples brains and its a waist of peoples lives. i think that alot of people would enjoy doing lots of other things then just staying at home laying down not doing anything. in the story luke seem to have had a fun and great time experiencing lots of diffrent places in the world. my second reason is because we really could learn something about our world. we can experience it without using google or siri. it could be a fun way to actually be right infront of the place or be inside of the place. you could take lots of pictures in there. also you would feel proud of yourself. you would feel proud of yourself by saying i travled there world before i died i actually did something with my life other spent time at home on my phone or xbox or other device. my third reason is you could take a vacation with your family and go to some place like the panama canal. also you could go to somewhere like russia, italy,sweeden, and lots of other places you could choose. my forth reason is in the story luke says that it would be a great opportunity to go travel the world. that tells me that he was instreasted in travling the world with his friend. also at the end he got hurt and cracked his ribs. he could not work for a coulpe of days but he still enjoyed himself hurt or not hurt. in conclusion it would be just a fun journey to do and discover. if you could go travle the world would you do it? or would you rather stay home being lazy on your phone? these are some question you would have to ask yourself. this is why reasons on why i think it would be a good idea.