what do you think it would be like to tell others emotions with just a quick look? well, with the facial action coding system, facs for short, you can. it quickly scans your face and tells your emotion. this shows being helpful for finding out friends emotions, showing the mindset in our classes and showing hidden feelings also leading to a glimp of mental illness. the real question now is, how will this be helpful in the classroom? in the classroom, students show certains signs of how they feel. in paragraph , the text says  ..you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face.. often when we are sad we frown or our eyes water, or when we are happy we smile but, just because we smile doesnt mean we are genuinely happy. the facs has been classified the many different muscles in your face and has classified six basic emtions,as explain in paragraph . a quick look and we can understand if your happy, sad, or even bored. while we are busy learning often times, we can zone out or we can be confused but not speak up about it. no worry, the facs is here to help teachers understand how you feel. in paragraph  the author says  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored.. later in the same paragraph it states  then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.. this shows the facs has more of a use than just telling emotions, it can help you understand ways to make your classroom entertaining. it can also help you realize how fast certain students are working, or their mindset which they may keep hidden. as humans, we often hide our true feelings. we may struggle opening up to others about how we feel out of fear of rejection or looking weak. towards the end of paragraph , it says  most human communication in nonverbal, including emotional communication. so computers need to understand that,too.. the facs is able to detect multiple different emotions. it can not only tell the basic happy,sad,or mad, it can tell confused, bored, or depressed all just by using muscles in your face. this can let us know how students really feel when they walk in. it can give them a glimps into what they may have going on with them mentally, giving more awareness in mental health. this can help save students. the facs can come as an important tool to both teachers and students. it can show students how to react to their friends feeling a certain way. itll give teachers ideas as to how to make interesting yet, entertaining lessons for their students. lastly, if can give us an idea of how the other around us truely feel and way to help them. the facs can be very helpful for students now and caring for toward into life.