the challenge of exploring venus was an interesting essay about venus and it explained the challenges for studying venus. such as its clouds being made of corrosive acid sufuric acid in venus atmosphere but the author hardly explains why its worth stuyding venus despite the dangers. although this essay was great for informations about venus and its conditions it barely explained why its worth stuyding venus despite the dangers, it also got off topic for some time and the majority of the essay described the rough conditions and possible solutions for those conditions first, the author barely talked about why its worth studying venus. the one time the author even brings up why its worth studying is in paragraph  lines  through  astronomers are fascinated by venus becuase it may have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. next it goes on describing what venus could have looked a long time ago. after that though the author states the value of returning to venus seems indisputable. after this statement the author never really comes close to explaining why venus would be worth studying despide its great dangers. next, this piece was off the topic of venus it self for a certain period of time. for instence, in paragraph  it talked about earth and mars and its distance due to the orbit of these planets in line , and  earth, venus, and mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars. in paragraph  lines . and  it states humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. now itis talking about the spacecrafts that has been sent to venus instead of stating things like the dangers of venus and why its worth it despite its dangers. third, a good  of the essay is talking about the conditions and the solutions to those conditions that humans have came up with. the explanation of the condtions really start in paragrph  as it starts off by stating athick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets that instantly lets the readers know how bad the conditions are in venus and the of paragraph  continues to describe the harsh environment. after that about  or  of paragraph  is decribing why its neccisary to study venus dispite its dangers. then in paragraph ,  and  it talkes about  different stratigies that nasa  the national aeronautics and space administration has came up with. one was about a ballon that was  miles above the venusain landscape to observe and the other was using computers that used greas and levers instead of the modern technology and both of those things are not talking about why venus is worth studying what so ever. finally, the challenge of exploring venus was quite informational it rarely specified the reason why venus was worth studying despite the fact that its very dangerous. maybe the author can change this essay into an informational piece about venus instead of an argumentery piece. the fact that it includeds lots of information was a great.