what you think about venus? think we should study more ? venus is the second planet in the solar system and its close to earth and mercury. venus is sometimes called the  evening star  and its one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. i say we should study one planet per unit in science class. in case a student wants to be in the nasa, they can study bout each planet and they can know whats coming. in paragraph  it states  each mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for human to study, despite its proximity to us. the author is explaining details on why we should study venus. if anoyone lands on venus they wont survive much because they wont last more than few hours. most spacecraft and spaceships need a lot of hours to be able to discover more about venus. in paragraph  it states  venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even thought mercury is closer to our sun. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like eruping volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. this states one reaons why spacecraft and spaceships wouldnt last a few hours on venus. it is very hot their skin can probably melt down very quick or once they touch venus their spaceship can melt or not work anymore and they wont be able to go back to earth. while people are studying about the planet can always find out something new about it. they can find out stuff about the old times or what that planet had long ago, or whats going happen to it, and etc. in paragraph  it states that  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with ocean and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, moutains, and craters. this demonstrates how the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents and how the author supports the idea. still think we should study venus? i still agree with the author that we should study venus but i say we should study one planet per unit.