mostly everybody man focused today is when i become a teenager , get a job and get my first car .cars are good to get around but there are some advantages of limiting car usage , like pollution and more money you have in you pocket for youself. thats sounds good right? i know ! to begin with ,paris has banned driving to smog pollution towards the greenhouse.contaminated air we breathe isnt good for are lungsjust are health period. consuming to much carbon and make us very sick and ill. somethings we need to get to are pretty far and to get to places on time is faster by car which most people think but isnt the case. cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. plugin cars , hyrbrids , and or cars carrying three or more passengers would be good but what about are power plants , cant they be used for something else? cars are a good tool to have but its causing problems in our greenhouse that we need to stop meanwhile in bogota , car free day is going in a great path. many of us been in traffic jams before,right? sitting at a light  times before you get to go .do you ever think walking would be faster ? on car free day in bogota,colombia colombians didnt use there cars and didnt complain about it  they used bikes,skates or skateboards , even took a bus! now, thats sounds like some good resources to me. we all like good days and not stressed one so leave the car in your drive way and start using other things to get you to where you have to go. this could be a community thing to everyone aound you , every citie , and every state. fouthermore , car dealer ships need business to , start making that dont produce alot of pollution into the air we breathe , use resources that wont cause mot damage , the ozone layer isnt at its best and we need to save it before it gets worse , take action before its to late ! in conclusion , can be very useful but why use them alll the time ? theres other things that can get us around like bikes , buses or even just walking . driving all the time can be a bad habit . pollution is a biggie as well , pollution are air is very unhealthy , but car makers are about what the car is about and not what its producing to are world. no need for gas today  ill walk!