have you ever wondered what life on another planet would be like? have you ever wanted to go to a diffrent planet? have you ever thought about venus being like earth? venus is alot like earth or it was a few years ago. venus has water on it and if theres water there also could be life. any spacecraft we have sent up to it hasnt last very long only a few hours so really dont know whats up there. nasa is creating insane technology. first, venus is alot like how earth was at first alot of water and rocky but no trees or nature at the moment. we know for sure there is water and rocky mountains. it is also pretty hot there since its the secound planet from the sun. so life could be possible on that planet. venus is also almost the same size as earth so they have alot of things in common. second, nasa has sent alot of spacecrafts up there to explore more and to find out more about the planet and to see if it is safe to land on the planet. all the spacecrafts only last for about a few hours and some dont even make it. some just dont work after they land. that is why nasa has not landed up there yet. its because they dont know all the dangers that could be up there. so for inorder for them to land up there they would need more information about the planet. third , nasa is making technology that is insane and could last in really bad conditions. they have made some of these drones with cameras just for venus. they have tested these drones in really bad condidtions just like venus. those drones have lasted for full three weeks without any problems. so now they would probably send those to venus to explore the planet and see whats going up there. they would learn more about the planet before they land there themselfs. finally, venus is alot like earth because they have almost the same size and both have water and rocky mountains. nasa has sent alot of spacecraft to venus which isnt lasting more than a few hours. nasa is now making insane drones which would last about three weeks at venus. so they would defintly find out if there is any danger up there. if not they would prbably land there and explore the planet the future is here.