due to the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, scientist are speculating the idea of giving computers a new technology called the facial acion coding system which enables computers to identify human emotions. this new system could be very valuable for students. thomas huang,of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinos, is working in collaberation with professor nicu sebe of the university of ansterdam to develop better ways for humans and computers to communicate. after the process of constructing a d computer model of the face is done by the two , dr.huang then relies on the work of psychologist dr. paul eckman, creatorr of facs facial action coding system. eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, suprise, anger, disqust, fear, and sadness and hen associated each with characteristic movements of he facial muscles dalto , paragraph  with this , computers are able to recognize these emotions and give each emotion a percentage to show how you are truly feeling. this could not only be great for communication with your computer but help any person express how they feel. this can help professors as well get a better understanding of how a student may be feeling at given time, which could excuse them or help in any way they could for the students benefit. lots of people struggle to describe every facial trait that coveys every emotion and with this technology that shows you just that from just identifying facial mucsles, more people around you and even yourself can begin to have a clearer understanding of how you are truly feeling in that point in time. this is important for any person who may be going through a rough time and needs clarity to how they are feeing. in the future this could benefit so many people. being able to have communication with your computer can also make the individual using the system feel more safe and understanding. although people dont enjoy those annoying ads that their computer may send out to them, imagine being able to have your computer recognize when you smile at an ad or pop up so you see a similar ad follow that one or if you dont like an ad so you frown, you then begin to see ads that have no relation to that last one. this could be extremely valuable to the pc you are on or any computer or device you choose to use this system on. most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang so computers need to understand that, too. dalto paragraph  with this, in this being very beneficial for any student, this could very much improve any computer as well. this technology could make computer animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. anything can be improved by this expression and emotion detector. if this sytem benefited in more than just the individual using it but also the computer or device being used for it, more things would begin to improve helping all citizens that even may not be using the system to their benefit. in conclusion this system would be a great addition to add along to todays newest technology programs. lots of people could be benefited from this and it could help improve lots of technology worldwide. more people could begin to learn more about themselves and start communicating with their computer by having their computer give them their emotions each day they logged. with this system it has the ablity to make users of any device of technology enjoy their experience more so than they would before, with everyones help this new facial action coding system could make a huge change in todays society.