venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occassionally the closest in distance too. venus is a planet that holds many mysteries and scientist want to study venus to see why the planet is so innhabitable as well as geological. venus is worth studying because of how much geological studies and mysteries can be found and solved in such a matter of time. scientist can not go to venus because of how inhabitable it is. venus is  carbon dioxide and has highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere. there is more, in paragraph  it says, on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  time greater than what we experience on our own planet. venus has a hotter surface temperature then mercury as well. even though venus is so inhabitable the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has an idea to send humans in a blimp like vehicle to be hovering over venus. in paragraph  it says solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. so it could be done, but it would be a challenge. nasa has had many ideas even in progress which have to relate to venus. of course researchers and scientist can get photographs and d models of the planet, they say it is still not enough. there are other approaches for studying venus. for example, in paragraph  it talks about simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber to simulate the chaos and wreckage of venuss surface. they simulate for  weeks as well. they are trying new types of metals to simulate and test to see if the metal can withstand the pressure and heat of venuss surface. i personally think that the research should be tested and researched. i think this because venus is a planet that many people do not know much about. even scientist do not know much about the planet. in paragraph  it says,striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only becuase of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers an doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. it is a curious question, what is venus really like? but i believe scientist will figure it out. venus will most likely be studied and scientist and researchers should have there answer soon.