its valuable to use a technolgy that can read the emotional expressions of a student. i find it important to know how someone really feels and what they may be going through. for an example, many people hide what they truly feel, because of what others think. i have a great friend that really does not express themselves when we go out and hang, she always seems to be bored. the reality is that she has fun and likes the things i like, she may seem like she is bored, but you can tell when she is enjoying herself, she makes a small smile and looks over to the other side when she does not want me to see that she is having fun. having leonardo da vincis painting of mona lisa is a great way to tell others an expression of all six basic emotions. the way leonardo used his painting to get every single muscle to go with its roll in each six basic emotional expression of mona lisa. we all have six basic emotions, which are happiness, surprise, anger, digust, fear, and saddness. it is a surprise knowing when we humans are surprised an expression is shown in our faces, in the third paragraph the author says  your frontails pars lateralis muscle raises your eyebrow when youre surprise. the most common facial expression is happy. in paragraph  it talks about how the instructions above were a happy face instuction, it also includes how their is a difference between a real and a false smile. us humans have real emotional expressions. our true expression never lie how we truly feel, as said in paragraph   faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politican or celebrity isnt being truthful. in todays world many people express themselves and many people dont. in the reality many people hide what feel and make a lying expression, with noticeable information on the lying expression. in instance in paragraph , with the instuctions of making a smile, having a false smile is different than a real smile. for example, in paragraph  the author talks about the muscle in the smile,  muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make a crowsfeet around your eyes. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. this tells how a false expression can be noticable and yet use to make a lie. a technology that can read an expression of a student would be great, so that a teacher may know how a student is feeling and can help or observe. as known many famous people lie about how they feel and we as humans are no different than a celebrity. we all have emotion expressions that we express and falsely express to fool someone. helping the ones who are sad and angry, fear and disgusted to succed and the ones who feel happy to succed as well. having the technology that can read emotion expressions in a classroom of student is valuable. since most students dont want to express their feeling phiscally. these are my reasons why having a technology to read the emotional expression of students in a classroom is valuable.