the face seen on mars is just a landform and we have proof. most people think that it is an alien built machine but they would be wrong. it is just a messa. using the evolution of technology and cameras we have taken multiple pictures to prove what it is. here i will explain what we did to take pictures of this mysterious thing.. we will also explain why people believed us to be wrong. in  the viking  took pictures so we could find a good landing spot for the sister ship the viking . that is when the pictures the ship took were sent back to us to examine. that is when we first saw the  mile long face for the first time. the suprise was short lived however as we soon relised what it was,a messa. people were sure it was more than that. they believed it to be a space craft. in  we sent a different ship,the mars global surveyor, back there to locate the face and to take better pictures of the face. people were still not impressed with the finding of the mgs. there was fog in the picture as the area the face is in is always foggy. they said the fog was obsurring the photo. they also belived that aliens were using fog to hide it and some alien space crafts they belived was surrounding the face. they picture without the fog to beleive what we saw. in  we again sent the mgs to take pictures of the face. we went on a clear summer day when there was no fog presant and we had to tilt the camera  degress to get the picture right on. this picture had the face bigger than a thum compared to the pixel sized faces before it. it was exacly the picture they need to prove it was a messa. as you can see in the photos it is a messa on a different plant. comparring it to earth it would be just like the snake river plain of idaho. the eyes nose and mouth were just shadows being casted onto it which is why the other pictures have the feature while the new one does not . after  years of people talking and theorizing about it on the new and on the radio we can finally put an end to this mystery.