there is both positive and positive agriments about the driverless cars. i see this as something positve. why do i see the positive ? i see this as something positive beacuse is evry person woud havw a driverless car there woud be a less number of accedints. i think that all of the car accidets that happen are beacue of pepole not puting attetio on the road beacuse they are texting or doing something else and not having there eyes on the roads. another reson why pepole have accidents is beacuse they go to fast and go over speed, the driverless can has sensor that would make it not go over speed limits and not go on a red light and make an accitient by going on a red light. originally , many futurists are manufacuring driverless cars so i dont see a problem with there not being enough driverless cars for evryone to have one. the price on cars like this wont be high do to the large amout of companies that are making them. but for the other side there are negative sides to have driverless cars beacues what happens if your in the car and you fall asleep for waiting your turn to drive or maybe you have to drive beacuse theres an acciden in the road and your tierd and sleepy and for some how you lose control of the are and have an accident. televison and movies have long been fascinted with cars that could drive themsleves but who can tell us that its really going to be like that ? no one beacuse ive seen a lot of things on television and when i buy then and use then they are not what i saw on television. a point of veiw i also have but dont know if its positive or negative is about the lays beacues not in all states its llegal to drive or test this kind of cars. the lawmakers woud also have to sit down and talk about if its save to have this cars in the roads. but in order to to see what happens and see if its something positve or negative well have to wait and see what happens in some years or who knos if theres ever going to be driverles car aroungd the world or just here in the unided states.