the article driverless cars are coming shows where cars in the future may take a stand. considering how far we have came along in the advancement of human technology it is almost inevitable to expect advance driverless cars to become popular, for the good or bad. the article brings out some of the pros and cons of having driverless cars. i feel that these cars are unessacary as well as unsafe. a concern that we should all have is the safety of these driverless cars. how quick can a sensor detect a child running across the street or a car jumping in front of you? the paragraphs try to dismiss this problem by showing the technology that is equipped on the driverless cars. the sensors and cameras supposledly are able to react. if you take into consideration the fact that these cars have been worked on since , you would think they would have been made safe enough to be put into action. yet there are still states where it is even illegal to test these driverless cars. another reason i feel there is no need for these cars is the cost of them. these cars are probably gonna cost a fortune after adding up the cost of the technology its gonna take to supply these cars. all around the world many of people starve to death and live in proverty, yet car companies would expect us to spend money on these cars just to save us the worry of driving. its not like driveing is such a pain you would need a computerized car to do it for you. my final reason is that these cars will cause complications when they are in accidents. as paragraph  of driverless cars are coming mentions, when accidents occur there is the controversial issue of who would be at fault, the driver or manufacturer. insurance companies would have a hard time debating these matter as well. concluding that these cars are unsafe, cost too much, unessecarily cause contriverial issues, i dont look forward to seeing advancement in these cars. these are a few reasons why i position my self on the argument against further development of these driverless cars.