the students of today are the leaders of tomorrow. this statement directly portrays that students have the potential to grow and do outstanding things. in order for this growth, a student must be well educated in his or her school teachings, and must be confident in his or her learning. the facial action coding system is a new technological device that can read a persons facial expression. using this innovative technology, a teacher can thoroughly recognize if a student is understanding the material, and is confident in their studies. the use of this facereading technology for students is essential towards a students overall education, as well as personal confidence. education in the classroom is very valuable towards a students growth. due to personal experience, a student does not only need the education itself, but needs to understand the education for more knowledge. this facialreading computer can clarify if a student is actually understanding the education. for example, dr. huang stated, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. therefore, if a student is struggling, then it can modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. therfore, this directly shows that the technology created can increase a students performance in school. this can allow the teacher, or the program, to help the student understand more information when a student is struggling. this innovative technology can result in positive changes in students education and school environments. a student must be confident in what he or she is learning to advance in school. without confidence, a student is often lost and loses hope in their personal ability. with confidence, a student is proud and is ready for any assignment given to them. this new innovative technology, the facial action coding system, can determine whether a student is confident in their studies. as dr. huang stated, the technology studies facial expressions and muscles to determine what expression is being conveyed. using this technology can allow the teacher, or the program, to determine if you are happy, proud, and understanding the material, or if you are angry, distraught, and unhappy with the material. this allows the teacher to provide personal help, so that therefore, they can provide understanding and you are more confident, and ready for subsequent information. this technology can help provide confidence for students in their respective studies. using the facial action coding system in school environments would prove to be very beneficial and valuable. through the ability of this new technology, understanding the education would greatly increase among students who need extra study tools and material. confidence could be measued through the technology and help could be provided, so that students are better prepared mentally and physically for future assignments. this innovation could be used to guide the students of today, into leaders of tomorrow