the author says that venus is worth studying despite how dangerous it can be. he uses information he already knows to backup his suggestion. for example, venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. when the author uses information like this people are going to get interested and theyre going to want to know more about venus. he also puts in a lot of detail and he uses other planets to help explain how far away venus is from the others. although the author does talk about why venus is intersting he also talks about why and how venus can be dangerous. the author says numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. this shows that even the author knows its challening to study venus, but he still insists on studying venus. he says that venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. why does he suggest studying venus when he knows how dangerous it can be? the author talks about why astronomers are so fascinated by venus. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. explains the author. he supports his idea by telling us how venus could have once been. for example valleys, mountains, and craters are things that are similar to earth. he also thinks that venus can be the nearest option for a planetary visit. nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. says the author. researchers cant take any samples of rocks, gas, etc. which is disadvantage they have. the author says that nasa is working on different ways they can approach venus in order to study it. some examples are simplified electronics made of silicon carbide, mechanical computers, etc. they cant use modern computers because they are delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. even though studying venus is such a challenge the author says that it has value. he doesnt think well just gain more insight on the planet, he also thinks human curiousity will lead us to many thrilling endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. says the author. in conclusion, although it may be dangerous and difficult to study venus we shouldnt let that stop us from learning more.