in the article making mona lisa smile, the facial action coding system, also known as facs, may be a good thing to have in a classroom. if a child is acting up constantly, the teacher will be able to read his emotions and talk to that student. teachers would be able to tell if their students are doing okay. facs could help teachers understand their students better. facs would be a good way to tell a childs emotions if they are acting up at school. this would help teachers understand why this student is always having a bad time. teachers could ask why this student feels the way they do. maybe its something at home or something to do with bullying. the child could then be able to express their thoughts because the teacher will know why they are always misbehaving. teachers and students should have a close bond. you are around eachother all of the time until you are out of school. teachers should get to understand their students feelings. if a student is having a rough day the teacher could maybe cheer them up. most teachers let things slide even though they can read some of their students expressions. expressions tell it all. facs could help kids have a better time in school if they were able to have their expressions read so they could talk about why they are feeling a certain way. students can sometimes be in a bad mood becuase of things that happen throughout their day. if teachers showed concern with how a student is feeling it may create better respect for a teacher that shows concern. it could help that student know that the teacher understands them. facs could maybe help kids that struggle in school because they think no one cares about how they feel. if facs scans their expressions it could better help them know that teachers are paying attention to how they feel. facs could be a great way for schools to take the time to help students. students go through so much during their time in school. this could make students have the desire to go to school because they will know that someone at school will be concerned about them. some kids have parents that do not care. it could make these types of kids care about school. if teachers do something kind and thoughtful for them then they may have the desire to do the same for the teacher and maybe others.