reducing car usage is becoming a big thing in a lot of cities around the world. in some cities theyre developing carfree days, a day without cars, to lower air pollution. too many people are using cars and this is causing traffic jams and pollution in the air, which is not good for the environment. i believe that limiting car usage is an advantage because it can help prevent air pollution, traffic jams, and can make people open their mind to use other ways of transportation. most cities in different countries are evolving and people are liking carfree day. limiting car usage can prevent congestion in the streets which causes the air to be polluted. according to source , paris typically has more smog than other european capitals, so paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. congestion went down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. this really helps clear the air for polluted cities. the population is growing everywhere, especially cities like bogota, colombia with  million. according to source , it was the third straight year that cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in bogota, colombia. millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work leaving the streets of this capital city without any traffic jams. the turnout was large and people are liking this new change. for example, a businessman named carlos arturo plaza said its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. municipal authorities from other countries came to bogota to see the event and were enthusiastic. the mayor of asuncion, paraguay said, these people are generating a revoluntionary change, and this is crossing borders. since these cities have made this change, there has been a great outcome from this. there are many different ways you can go to places without having to use cars all the time. for example in source , mimi sheller, a sociology professor at drexel university, says different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a longterm cultural shift. in this source it explains that the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. the renewal of center cities has made the suburbs less appealing and has drawn empty nesters back in. same with the rise in cellphones and carpooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work. with all of these changes, people who have stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit.