in the passage  the challange of exploring venus, the author gives his opinion on the topic saying that it would be a worthy pursuit to study and explore venus despoite the dangers it presents. venus is the second planet to the sun and it is often reffered to as earths twin. this would be because of their like size shape, size, and density. still venus is not safe for many reasons, altough many scientist believe that it would be great to keep on trying to explore venus. i will evaluate some of the points that are made that show why exploring venus is something that we should pursuit and how some of dangers may not allow it. we will first start of with some of the dangers that venus holds for any explorer. venus is very close to earth and very similar so many would think it would be little more simple to explore, but you would be wrong if you think like this. venus temperatures can average over  degrees fahrenheit,  times more than some temperatures here on earth. venus also has clouds of high corrosive sulfuric acid. now im not a scientist but im for sure that mean that it can burn our faces off very excessevily fast. in venus there is also geographic and weather problems like here on earth, except these arent anything like small rain showers or high winds. these are erupting volcanoes at every corner, powerful earthquakes,and lighting strikes very often. in paragraph  the author puts all thuis into perspective by saying  sunch an enviornment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquify many metals. now with all these dangers being said there are still many people who want to explore venus. one of them being the author of this passage. the author gives very good points on why venus would still be a great pursuit. one of the points that author brings up is that venus could have once been something similar to earth, maybe even habitable for us humans. to go along with this in paragraph  the athor states long ago, venus was probably covered largely in oceans and could aave supported various forms of life, just like earth. this shows that venus could have been as good as earth many many years ago and that maybe their still is a chance that it is. this is a great point that really supports exploring venus because for many years now nasa has been looking for a planet similar to earth. another great point the author bring up to supports his ideology of pursuing to explore venus altough many dangers is that we have found many new ways to explore it. the authors states some ways to explore venus without sending a human to venus with the technology we have now and still be safe. in paragraph , the author says  imagine a blimplike vechicle hovering thrity or so miles abovethe roiling venusian landscape. this shows that we have an idea to send a vechicle to venus but not touch the ground to get information about venus without the vechicle being destroyed. this helps the authors point a lot because now it shows we do have the innovations to explore venus a bit better. there would be a little problem with this and that would be that we wouldnt have much samples of rocks, gas, or anything else. in conclusion i do believe that the author makes very good statements about why it would be good to keep pursuing the exploration of venus. venus does withold many dangers but everyday we are coming up with new techonology to make our lives easier maybe we could do the same for venus. also, venus is could hold some very important information to us about how other plantes could be habitable by us and how this could be possible. the author got my attention from the start and never lost it, he used good facts and stats to backup his points, and thought us ways that venus could be important to more than just astronamers and scientist.