things in life has changed over the years  is a whole new year with many things different then the s for sure. in the past there was no phones or laptops. now in the present almost everyday something comes out new. there is always a new software here and there. i do not find that a facial action coding system is valuable for kids in the classroom. i do not think that it is valuable for kids in the classroom. i do not think that it is valuable because if kids do not understand they will have a confused look on their face. they will also be the ones to ask questions about what they are confused on. kids have many emotions but i do not think that it will be able to be hard to tell if they are struggling or not. they said in the passage that it is a painting its the subject of leonardo da vincis renaissance painting, mona lisa. also in one of the paragraphs below it says that the human face has to have all  muscles in the face to be able to show if they are happy, sad, digusted, etc. in the painting how could there be  muscles is the real question. you can not paint  muscles in all the right spots when not everyones face is the same shape. having the same size shape of the face and testing people i can see why they would say that you would be happy or sad. this is a painting and there is probably not a single person with the same face as mona lisa. the d computer model could possibly show all  musles in the face but that would be a lot of face scanning because like i said before in my last sentence there could not possibly be someone with the same face shape. how can they test multiple people when those people could have the muscles all over there face. there is simple ones like the frontalis pars lateralis muscle which is above your eyes and the orbicularis oris which is around the mouth. that is only  out of the  muscles that they have to scan on a persons face. if they wanted to test multiple people that would have to have someone who actually knows where all of the muscles are. in the right stop because if you guess the spots the mood can be wrong. i do not find that it should be used on anyone. human communication is when two or more people talk together. that is one of the most simplest ways to find out if the kids in your classroom does not understand what you are going over with them. emotional communication is when someone lets out all of the emotions that they have and will show them becasue they will either be mad with a grumpy face on or they will be upset and not smile at all. i came up with that it is not valuable for kids in the classrooom because i do not understand why there would have to be a software out when the student could just ask a question in class or even ask after class. theres many other things to do then to have to scan the face and have someone point all of their facial muscles out to find out how they feel. plus there are multiple kids in the classroom that you would have to scan and not everyone has the same facial structure that would be many times pointing out every single facial muscle and finding out how they feel when there are simpler ways to figure it out.