the face that is on mars was not made by aliens its just a natural landform. the caption noted a huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth nasa . the face is not really a face it just looks like a face. the face on mars is just a natural land form because its just a shadow giving an illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth, its just another martian mesa just that this one has unusual shadows, and nasa took a picture that the face just looked like a landform here in america. the face on mars is just a natural land form because its just a shadow giving an illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars nasa . nasa is just trying to get mars attention. nasa didnt take a really good picture in , but then later on they did and they saw it was just a natural landform. the face on mars is just another marian mesa just that this one has unusual shadows. scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh nasa . the face on mars just had wierd shadows that made it look like a face. the face is not an alien artifact its just a landform. the face on mars looks just like a landform here in america. what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west nasa . it just looks like a landform in america. the face looks like middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho nasa . the face is not an alien artifact its just a natural landform. some people think the face on mars is an alien artifact but its not. its compared to many landforms here in america. the face on mars in the first picture just had really unusual shadows that made it look like a face. the face on mars just had some unusual shadows that made it look like a face. in a better picture it just looks land a natural land form. the face on mars is just a natural land form because its just a shadow giving an illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth, its just another martian mesa just that this one has unusual shadows, and nasa took a picture that the face just looked like a landform here in america.