driverless cars good or bad can you imagine a time in the future where no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore? well i couldnt imagine a future without buying cars. to buy a car is what mostly what everyone wishes for. yes there is no technology coming up and by the years it expands more and more each day, but not because of that means that getting the idea of enventing cars that drive themselves is good. i am against future cars the drive themselves because first there not even proven all the way safe. these cars can get out of control any day and something bad can happen. in the story it says that states will follow as soon as the cars proved more reliably safe, which means that there not all the way safe. anything can happen and when the driver has control of the driving they know what there doing. the driver knows if there driving right or wrong, but how will these cars that drive themselves know. imagine one day the system might not work and the car will automatically fail with the system. these cars arent safe and until there not proven safe i am againts it. the next big reason why im against it is all the money there going to watse on these cars just to make them and when they come out. theres going to be millions possibly millions of dollars to make these cars. instead of focusing on something like this we can focus on bigger things. we already have cars we can drive we dont need to be expanding and wasting money on things that arent as important. just more tax money coming out of people things will keep pricing up. theres no point to invent cars to the next level if cars we have now are good enough. my last reason on why im against these cars is the when you drive its freedom. its a priviledge to drive, and when you drive you feel free. if the future brings cars that drive themselves the freedom of the people will be gone. so bringing cars that drive themselves wouldnt be so great for people who love to drive because they wouldnt feel free. therefore cars are good just where they are. eventhough some may argue that having cars that drive themselves is good for whatever reson they might think, im against. so, can you imagine the future were no one needs to buy cars anymore? i couldnt. theres freedom when you drive. its good to be able to drive yourself. this is why im against cars in the future.