cars have always been apart of american culture. from the ...birth place of the model t the home of detroit the place where wilson pickett immortalized mustang sallythe end of car culture, rosenthal cars and automobils have impacted our everyday lifes from going to the store to hanging out with friends, but car usage has been stedily decreesing and for all the right reasons. a new movemnent is trending everywhere, its called smart planning. its simple, separate subarban life from auto use. in doing so this movement is going to help out the econdomy and also the enviorment. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  perecent in some carintensive areas in the united states. empheses on original that many emissions are horrible for the enviorment and even worse for our pockets, because theyre just going up in smoke. new cities are rising and are acctuly trying to adopt this trend by making cities denser, which means that all the stores and your work place are in walking distance. by being able to walk to your local shopping store or favorite move theatre means that youre saving gas, and by saving gas the ecodimey is saving money which will make prices in all the stores and other bussnesses cheaper for the consumer, you! the infamous smog is not only in bejing, or the united states, but also in the city of love. paris typically has more smog than other european capitals...last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london... paragraph , duffer the city is not so lovely as youd think it would be, but the trend has cought on in paris! not only that but it also has been great for the enviorment. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog...the smog rivaled begjing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. paragraph , duffer most people would think i could never do that! no one could live like that and still make a living! honestly though, its been doing the city of bogota in colombia, a city comprimised of  million citizens a favor. they held a event for only one day evey year since the mid s to improve and ...promote alternive transportation and reduce smog. paragraph , selsky doing this has sparked a revolution of change thoughout the whole city. more people are willing to walk insted of drive to help the enviorment and the place they live in, and the city is giving right back to them! parks and sports centers have also bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut trafic and new restaruants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. paragraph , selsky just one day a week could cut down smog and other green house gasses a lot and help our enviroment and the edodomey. back in the s people had to use cars to do eveything. from talking to a friend face to face to going to the nearest resturant. but now you can do all of that in your own living room, due to technology that has advanced us to be able to use facetime, skype, or oovoo to talk to our friends face to face using out phone, tablet, or personal computer. and to drive anywhere we need to we have apps the diliver taxies to our houses for us....the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends...likewise the rise in cellphones and carpooling apps have facilitated more flexiable commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared can services fro getting to work.  paragraph , rosenthal working everyday will effect this because no one wants to miss work. missing work means less money and creates more stress for the person missing work. by saving maybe  on gas that day youre missing out on the  you couldve made by working, but theres another solution to this also. carpool! even if youre driving the car yourself or youre in the car youre saving fule and money. once a week you could to this to stop in increes of smog in our enviorment and even help with traffic jams. and without traffic jams eveyone is less stressed out and a lot more happier. by not using our cars as much, we can help ourselves and everyone aroud us by making a better world that makes it better for our children, or even our childrens children. we can save money by just taking one day off of not driving. we should limit car use so we can stop car accedents from happening, getting stressed in traffic jams, to helping out the economical heart of the united states, and just to make our world a better place to have fun and thrive in.