to began with i would love to say i cant wait for the driverless care. its chaning the whole game these car makers better come up with something new before drivelss car take over. i feel like this new project would be good for people around the world. i have three main points to help you understand where im coming from. first off the car would use half the fuel of today taxis and offer far more flexiblitly than a bus. the cars have been driven more than half a million times without a crash. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of baking into an object. first, i would like to speak upon my first point the car would use half the fuel of today taxis and offer more flexbiltiy than a bus. if we get driveless car we are looking at less money spent on fuel more moeny in your pockets and you can do more trips when your driving the drivelss car compare to a regular car. second,the cars have been driven more than half a million times without a crash. thats wonderful because now of days people are looking for somthing safe for them and their family. i dont know about you but i would choose this car in a heart beat because its more safer than the regular cars. third,gm has developed driver seats that vibrate when the vehicel is in danger of baking into an object. thats really amazing and would come in handy for winnter when all the snow is on the ground and when its pooring down raining and you cant see. this car is also good for new divers and for people who have trouble seeing it can help you to not get in a accident. in my opinion, i would i pick this car over a regular car because it have the basic things that i am looking for in the car. once again the car would use half of fuel in today taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. thier cars been driven more than half a million times without a car crash. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrates when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an objcet. can i ask you a question, after reading all about the new driveless car would you drive it?