i present negative aspects of driverless cars becasue they can be dangerous when your driving them. we shouldt have driverless cars because anything could happen when your driving them. even though they can drive under specific conditons you always have to be alert. they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. if the car can drive by its self i think it should be able to get threw roadwork by its self. anything can happen when the driver is not paying attention to the road. the driver can accidently fall asleep or be on the phone and swerve right off the road. people are really fascinated with driverless cars but its not the better chioce when it comes to safety. the car can alert you to late and you wouldnt have a chance to take control fast enough. however i think you should pay attention to the roads at all times.the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. i dont think thats true becasue anything could happen with the car, with a human i think they have a better response on stopping the car with the brakes. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. if anything happens to the people i think the maunfacturer should have full responablity because, why have driverless car anyways.? tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. i dont think they should sell those and i hope nobody buys them. because its useless to have a driverless car that you still have to be alert to. if its that good the car should alert it self when at risk of anything. nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . its illegal in some states to even test computerdriven cars but in my opioin i think it should be in all states. i hope this invention of driverless cars never gets far in the rest of the states. it may cost the state a lot of money because i think half of the peoplr are truly going to get hurt. why would anyoe want a driverless car that still needs a driver?