people who think the face was created by aliens are illogical. some people think that because they dont believe its a land form, it looks manmade, and nasa hasnt shown any proof of the face showing that it is a landform. the people have no explanation how the face was created or what created it. people think the face was made by aliens because all they have seen were pictures. the pictures only showed shadows that outlined eyes, a nose, and a mouth of a human face. when nasa released this news it attracted attention to mars because there was a conspiracy that there was ancient civilization or life on mars, which people thought were aliens. next, the people didnt believe nasas theory that the face was a natural landform because in the picture that the mars global surveyor flew over cydonia to take showed that there was wispy clouds indicating it was winter around that time. the people blamed the clouds that they couldnt see the markings on the face because they were hidden by clouds. people also said that the face was bona fide evidence so nasa would rather hide the face instead of announcing the information to the public. but some defenders of the nasa budget said they wish there was an ancient civilization on mars because they would make more money off of the publicity of the alien made landform. last but not least, nasa began to take closer photos of the face to prove to the people that it was a natural landform made by shadows. so they went  degress closer to the center of the face in the field of view. malins team captured an amazing photograph using the cameras maximum resolution meaning zoom point. this photo made the face three times bigger than its actual size on mars. so that means if there were any objects like alien people you wouldve been able to see them clearly in the zoomed up photo. garvin said, that the picture of the face reminds him of the most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. garvin said this because nasa found out what the picture actually showed which was the martian equivalent to a butee or mesa. which were landforms that were common around the american west. the middle butte is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. i agree to nasas side for leading the investigation of the face besides just telling the public that there was alien life on mars. they used the right information like photos and descrbe how the face was made by shadows which really looked like an human face. the public thought there was life on mars because when nasa took the pictures there was cloud in the way because it was winter in marss time. also they thought since theyve only seen photos nasa was hidjng information from them so they wouldnt get bombarded with press and other stations when nasa really wanted the publicity and more money for more reserch.