this essay will talk about the mona lisa, facs, and the universities that came up with the investigation, of the mona lisa picture. the value of the technology of the facs, is great in my opinion. the answer to a question that has been asked for a long time has finally been solved. that question is is the mona lisa smiling? this evidence from the article i have found, tells us the emotions that are going on with the mona lisa painting. it says  shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. most people have thought that the mona lisa was always,  percent happy. a lot of other people could not read monas facial expressions. know one would have had the clue to think that the mona lisa painting would have had four different expressions in one picture. my name is nathan, and i am here to tell people about the mona lisa painting. i have read this article, and i have made some good questions, and opinions. there are a lot of facts in here, but also a good number of opinions as well. obviously know one knows  percent, about what happened in the renisance back then. know one knows what had happened, because know one from our century, was around when that happend, because it was from a long time ago. i think the mona lisa had mixed feelings when this painting took place. it might have ben her lifestyle, or her attitude that effected the vibe, and the attitude towards, her face that eventually went into the painting. it is so interesting to know what happend before, we lived. we the people, can now know the facial expressions, and the mood of paintings that were painted long ago. people have invented something that is extrordinary, and can change research, and that development is called facs. facs stands for facial action coding system. what the facs does is it allows people to identify pictures, and expressions. it is all done on computer. this inovation is a big step, in learning. it inspires young kids to become even better researchers, with is great. the people that are involved in this are very intelligent. and they come from good schools. researchers in different schools use the facs, too. the person that innovated the facs is prof. thomas huang, that is from the beckman institute. that is for the advanced science at the university of amsterdam. dr. huangs main goal was to have humans and computers to communicate better. i think the facs is very great, and i strongly think it is a leap forward in technology. the facs has let us learn about things we couldnt before, and i think the world of invention and innovation will let us journey even farther. the mona lisa facial expression recognation, was just the beggining.