in vauban, germany, residents there have a unique way of doing things. they have given up the idea of cars. even driveways and garages are starting to be forbidden and there are only a few streets in use. vauban is becoming an example of a growing trend in europe and is trying to seperate suburban life from auto use. the cars being used particularly in the suburbs are a main reason greenhouse gases have increased over time. there have been many efforts to make cities denser and better for walking, but now, planners are focusing on the suburbs. all of our development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change, said david goldberg. the u.s is now starting to promote car reduced communities and some suburbs are starting to look a little more vaubanlike. also, the idea of less car use is being spread globaly, even in paris, france. fines started to be inforced on citizens that didnt leave their cars at home after a day of nearrecord pollution. since deisel gas is favored in france, that became a huge blame along with the cold nights and warm days in france causing the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. in addition to that, france is already one of the top smogcontaining european captials. despight all of this, there are few exceptions being made. in bogota, colombia, a program had begun that was proposed to spread and inspire. it was their third straight year they banned car use for a day with the exception of buses and taxis. their main goal is to take away the stress of colombians and to reduce air pollution. authorities from other countries even became enthusiastic about the idea and before you know it, the idea caught on to two other colombian cities. the idea has caught the attention of many, even our president. obama stated that he has set goals to lower the united states greenhouse gas emission. this being said, studies have shown that americans are buying less cars then usual and are not driving as much as we use to. the united states had long been one of the worlds biggest car cultures and now the love with the vehicles seem to be cooling down. this has been showing signs that recovery is on its way and the use of carbon emissions has been decreasing. there are many factors that play in the decrease of car use. people are being connected through social media, suburbs are becoming less apealing, and communicating has become easier with the use of elctronics. the rate of driver lisence have gone down and people are finding more ways to get to places they need to be.