have you ever thought about what life would be like on the planet of venus? over the years, scientists and astronomers have been studying if venus is able to substain life. even with the temperatures of up to eighthundred degrees farenheight and with an atmospheric pressure that is ninety times greater than what we experience on earth, i see why the author thinks that pursuing this journey will be worth it. one reason why i think the author is for pursuing the journey to venus is because of the analogous features that earth and venus share. in paragraph four of the text, the author states that the surface contains of a rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this is crutial to the authors point because it shows how, in many ways, earth and venus are so much alike. just as the author questions, if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussin furthur visits to its surface? one of nasas possible solutions is another reason why i feel the author thinks it is worth the trip to venus. this solution is described as sending a spaceship to outer space to hover about thirty or more miles above the surface. according to the article, ...temperature would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level. the article also implies that there would be plenty of energy through solar power and would be survivable, but with rough conditions. even with the advanced technology that we have today, scientists are beginning to look back and discover that mechanical computers that were used back in the s and s might just be the technology that we need to study venus. according to the text, ...systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. the advanced technology that we have today is not meant to be used in conditions such as venus has. with this being said, these mechanical computers could be very important in studying our pursuit to venus in the future. in conclusion, the exploration to venus could be very dangerous or very benefitial to the future of space exploration. though, with the similiarities between earth and venus, the possible approach of hovering the planet, and using technology that will substain such conditions all are reasons why this journey could be worth the danger. no one will ever find the answers to their questions, if they choose not to explore them.