there are many advantages to limitng car usage aroung the world. when it comes to our economic problems cars are producing more and more pollution and destroying our ozone layer. many diiferent countries are making differences by having car free cities where you only have few cars or none and creating a safer street for the people and cleaning up and repairing the sidewalks. paris has a lot of diesel fueled cars and the pollution got so bad they had to ban cars for a couple days to be able to clear the air because how bad the smog was getting and anyone who didnt listen to this rule was fined and if were caught driving had the opportunity to get their car impounded and towed away. the united states also have the same problems when you look at the statistics car usage is dropping in the u.s even though the population is growing. even though this is benefitting the economy there is still a alot of pollution occcuring. source a shows us that in this experimental area vauban almost everyone has given up their cars to live in this suburban location. vaubans streets are completely car free according to author elisabeth rosenthal. she claims to have become a lot less stressful when she gave up her car to live in this area. she says that in vabuan there is a lot less cramp and not much traffic at all because of the car free streets. now everyone rides bikes around to get to places or even just walk, because of this the sidewalks were all repaired when the experiment was started and made everything presentable. also when this experiment was completed in  businesses were opened just walking distances away from residents, so that people would be comfortable living in this town. source a shows that private owned cars are choking cities because of all the fumes that are being created by cars and trucks and all motored vehicles. passenger cars are responsible for more than half of all greenhouse emissions in the unitewd states, and since there is a lot of greenhouse fumes being created the enviromental protection agency in the u.s. is promoting car reduced communities. yes, it is only one small way to change how the future of our world is going to be but it will make a change. in paris, france there was a temporary car ban because of how bad the situation was getting. a smog was created and covering all the skies and was a frightening view to see. so the government went on and created a ban with specific rules. on one day the cars with even numbered license plates would not be allowed to be driven and on the next day it would be odd numbered license plates were the ones that werent allowed to be driven. if any person were to disobey this law and take the car out of their homes and caught by an official they would be fined and have the vehicle towed and impounded. causing the person to have to spend more money and get the car back. this ban was eventually lifted as the skies cleared and everything went back to normal. bogota has a car free day every year which is set to be a day where everyone walks aroung or ride bikes, skate, or hiked around everywhere all for the ecosystem to be able to recover at least for  hours. because of this one day, bycicle lanes have been created and sidewalks have also been repaired. making it a safe place for people to be able to get around. this is a very effective way of recovering the damage that was once done by the cars that our own people use. in the united states studies show that all though the population is increasing car usage is dropping and not as many cars are being bought and used like before. studies also show that as every year passes less and less americans are getting licenses and buying cars. some may say that it is because of the economic problems a lot of the americans are going through with the money limitations or if it is just a personal choice. either way car reduction means less pollution and it is all benefitting our planet. according to source  as of  the number of miles driven per person is  percent below the peak which almost ties the amount of miles driven per person in  when a lot less people were even alive. all in all car reduction programs and bans on cars on certain days all benefit the ozone layer and should be done annually to be able to help our ecosystem. this is a very effective method to use and i feel as if all of the world should adopt this ideology and use it as it has statistically shown effectiveness.