hello there people we are the seagoing cowboys and we would like you to join us on the high stormy waves of the alantic,pafic,and dont forget the artic sea! the people really need your help getting them back food,supplies,animails. we already have  nations that have njoind us on this quest to help these countrys that need our help. do you have what it takes to beat lukes record. its more than nine trips on the open sea. no you will not be fightring in the war but if you get hurt and dont want to come with us on this wonmderful journy to see other parts of the world then thats ok. luke had this insadent when he cracked his ribs during a storm on night when he was going to go report to the captin. im sure you will be ok. this is once in a lifetime thing so dont miss out. just make sure that youjr parents are ok with it. we only take  to  year old so dont miss out. are you ok with going out on the open seas and taking care of aniamuls. well if you do then be a seagoing cowboy! dont worry you loving parents at home we will have fun activitys while the animals are off at thier new home. if you parents like you can donate some animals to the other countyrys arcross the world! it would be a pleasure if we could have your kid help us get the sullpies the other countrys need becuse they are in ruins and they need our help. we understand is you dont want to see your child go for a few months but this is saving those other countrys that are in ruins and need our help. join the seagoing cowboys and also beat lukews record of being a seagoing cowboy. these countrys are really counting on us to help brighten there life into gods arms. if we dont save therse countrys from starvation or sickness. please be a seagoing cowboys and save the day for these ruined countrys. these  nations need more help themn what that have. we need more animals more suplies then what we got now. if you can come and be a seagoing cowboy ythen we understand. parents please let your kids help thje countrys that lie in ruins from this god unforsaking war. when we first started witch was when luke was with us it was trhe year . and is only be  year since and these countrys still are depending on us seagoing cowboys to save the day. everyone in the counterys are dieing every hour if we dont get there in time to save the day for this unforgiving war. if we dont help these people then who will? thats right noone will. people will die if we dont help them. thats why we need your help. luke has claimed besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. but seeing acorpolis in greece was special. luke has also said we arrived august  the day the pacific war ended. he was a seagoing cowboy for more than  trips! that is the challange that your captin will have given to you if you chose to be a seagoing cowboy. the trip will be hard possibly rainy but you get to see other citys towns or even new countrys! that is what it would be like to be a seagoing cowboy. you would have a little time to do boxing,fencing,reading,whittling,tabble tennis tournaments,baseball, and vollyball! you would have a ton. of this to do if you get bored with no animals on boared to take care of while you are sailing the open deep sea waves of the alantic,pacific,or articx ocean. just remeber saftey first because one time luke was a watchman on sea and he was supossed to check on the animals and he was going to go tell the captin about the hourly cheack up onm the animals when the wet ladder he was climbing down. that was bam he fell of the ladder be sqid he was glad to be alive in the very sacary moment and thast is why we keep pushing the fact that safetyu first for our seagoing cowboys. so if you want to be a seagoing cowboy that just come over to the loading docks of your nearest city or town by the ocean. aor if you already are living by the ocean then come down by the loading docks and get ready. all you have to doy is sign your name on a sheet of paoer and wait for the next day and you will get a knock at the door.