vauban,germany where the trees grow ,the suburban pioneers and soccer moms live in but wheres the cars near the city of freiburg just across the french and swiss borders the streets of vauban are car free . car free? but wait at the the main throughfare tram downtown is where all the cars park well a few cars park there. vroom vroom if your going to buy a car you need a garage and a house dont you you need a house to store all your belongings and your family inside and you need agarage to put your fancy new car in all the cost comes up to about , thousand dollers. about  of the people who live in vauban,germany do not own a cars and the other  sold there to move here. but once you come here all youll see if bicycles and people having good convosations and children just wondering about the streets of gemany. the city of vauban finished in  growing a trend in europe the suban city of germany isnow called smart planning. other suburbs in other countrys have to have to pay gas its about  percent of the greenhouse gas in europe . while in the city the government is trying to make the city denser and for people and kids to walk around in a health enviornment about , within a mile have a low car actually live in a low car suburban life. in the new life thats going on now its goinf to be easier for people to walkin in and out of malls they can finally walk in the main street rsther than walk a long distance way to get to their destionation. around the world where they have tight spaces like new york and maybe georgia are starting to look like these little surban cities in germany and france . in the cities that we have talked about about  of people have gone to law highways and the other  use the transportantion that there to bring them around. in paris they have banned the clear air globe city people who ride on motorcycles were orderd to leave their transportant at home or they wouold have to suffer a  euro finr the the united states that means about  dollars hey thats not bad at all  about , drivers were fined and  people had their car impounded. in bogota,colombia large grey clouds are caused by cars and people not giving a care  you know what i was about to say about their country its like they dont even care this is like the third year that the city of bogota has been banned of cars the only thing they have right now are buses and taxies i guess they dont want cars anymore just tell them the government of bogota that they dont want it .