i would tell them that how could an alien do that if they have never seen a human. i would explain to them that its kind of hard to turn a rock into that, that is why i would think its natural. but since the rock looks like that it would attract attention to mars and it would make people want to pay and learn more about it. i would also say that thr face on mars has been in a few films,books,magazines,and radio tallk shows because when people found out about it it was a top very popular thing. but things would be more truthful or realistic if there was some type of civilization,war,or history about people living there, like in the  b.c earlier and later than that. people that would believe in the aliens would want more info or proof. talking to my scientist coworker they want to keep going taking better picks so it looks better and so they see if there is any alien marks. but it is very hard for them to search and look for things like cydonia for example. its also very hard for them to take pictures of it when its winter because of the clouds and dust. but in  each images spans where . compared to  meters per pixels in the best  viking photo. you can discern things in a digital image three times bigger than the pixel size,so if there where any objects on the ground like houses,shacks,planes,water,aircraft, or anything else you would of been able to see it. but in a way the aliens could of been tiring to send a messages to earth to let them know it was life there. but if they continue with the pixels, and to make bettter pixels they would be able to see even more every time. there are a ton of things on earth that look like something but its not its just natural it just happen. so something like that could of happened on mars, but it would be kind of strange for something to happen like that to happen on a planet where the is no life. but everyone has there own opinion on what they think but we can only leave it up to the scientist to figure it out a regular person mostly likely cant only the pros. us scientist will be able to figure it out today,tommorow,next month,or even years from now but hopefully one day we will find out. in my opinion i think we will with the technology we have and the things that will still be invented and be released one day. so there is no way to really prove if aliens are real or fake. they are most likely fake, because they havent tried to reach earth in any way. but if they did they would come in some type of aircraft. the aliens whole entire world would be shock and scared. no one would know what to do,because no one would even think something like that would happen in this current generation. but it could happen whenever most likely when its least expected. but in some part of the world some, or alot of people are preparing for this are always waiting for this to happen. people should always be prepared for anything rain,sleet,snow,tornado, or anything evrything. but if the aliens never knew about life in earth, and they decided to send aircraft to like we did if they saw a rock with a alien looking thing on it they would react like we did. they would keep sending taking more pictures, however they would look at it they would get curious and try to make a trip to earth not knowing that there is actual life there. but if earth did the same thing it would be a problem its taking a huge risk. when they would arrive and look around if they saw aliens they would panic. the aliens would be stronger then them most likely they probably wouldnt be making a trip to home. the aliens would some what react like a dinosaur if the nasa people didnt move but they would they wouldt get attack. but if they did move they would,so tiring to have nasa to go to mars is very risky for nasa and the astronauts. so they could make a better attempt by sending a drone and going around the whole planet,but the drone cant do everything that a human can. so if there is a cave or a door only a human would be able to search it the correct way, plus the drone could easily brake down or fail.