during the  campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including rhode island and south carolina, and voters in  of the largest media markests didnt get to see the candidates at all.bradford plumer. are society is relaying on this electoral college system, when we dont even know who are those electors. i agree, that we should change our election to a popular vote because people get often confuse to whom their voting for, and it might lead to picking the wrong person that would be helping leading this country. on the other hand, the people that agree on keeping the electoral college system say that  when you vote for a presidential candidate youre actually voting for a slate of electors. the majoredy of citizens dont even know who their voting for, imagine their going to be more lost and eventually ending up voting for the wrong person. the electoral college should be remove for good which will allows to have a stable society. the electoral college dosent allow the candidates to come and visit the states. so, you dont even now who youre voting for. in , segregationists in the louisiana legislature nearly suceeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose john f. kennedy. whats the point of having privileges to vote, when the segregationist who elect electors are against the president you voted for. whats happen to having free rights, and be able to vote for who you want, and knowing that he or she would suceed and lead our country to the right path. by having the electoral college system it is getting rid of those rights. also the  fiasco was known as the biggest problems we had in the century. are goal is improving our country not deteriorating it. if we change our election to a popular vote we wouldnt even be in this mess. citizen who agree on keeping the electoral college system say that electoral votes induces the candidates as we saw in s election to focus their campaign efforts on the tossup states. what wrong with all the states? are we not part of this country to? their focusing all their attention on the states that they would be recieving their votes from. their not even giving other states an opportunity of getting to know their candidates and what their offering to are country on improving it. another, example is that the electoral college votes relay on larger states. they do that because they know that all their votes are going to come from the bigger states but thats incorrect they should relay on the whole country completely of getting their votes from. in conclusion, the