although the idea of driverless cars is quite enticing, the reality is that driverless cars are not practical. yes, there have been many advances in the driverless car and it does have environtmental benefits like the use of less gasoline, but there are serious downsides to the driverless car. the amount of money that would be spent on the driverless car would outweigh the amount of gas money a person would save. the article states that smarters roads were too expensive, so they are making the cars smarter by equipping them with sensors. money is being spent on developing the right kind of sensors, and then there is the price to install them in every car. it is not stated in the article were the money to develop and test the driverless car comes from, or how much this costs, but by the looks of it, this wouldnt be a cheap commodity. spending money on something that is not needed seems trivial when that same money could be spent of things that could benefit peoples health or quality of life. more importantly, there seems to be a multitude of safety risks. if there is not a driver controlling the car, how is it going to correct bad situations? i understand the car will have control of itself, but will it know what to do if an animal runs in the road, or a tree has fallen? researchers are asking those very questions, which is why they are thinking up ways to alert the driver when it is necessary that he or she takes control of the car. it says in the article that it is illegal in test computerdriven cars in most states because those states are taking safety precautions. so despite lawmakers viewing driverless cars as a danger, people are still working to enhance the ability of these cars and looking into ways to ensure safety by having a driver ready to take action if a situation goes awry. in paragraph , it states that some manufacturers want to bring incar entertainment into the vehicle so drivers stay alert without getting bored. this all just seems to be a bit excessive if the driver just drove his or her own car, he or she wouldnt need entertainment, and safety wouldnt be called into question. having a car that can drive itself is not a necessity, but more a luxury. like many luxuries, it is expensive, but on top of that, it is also dangerous. automakers have a good vision and strong ideas, but i just dont see the purpose. there are a lot of areas of the driverless car that needs improvement, and researchers know this. it seems as though it would be a waste of time, money, and hardwork to get the driverless car into a state at which it would be considered safe. overall, human safety is the most important thing, and the driverless car cannot guarantee that safety. the driverless car is a neat fantasy, but it should not be anything more than that.