a world with driverless cars would be a very simple world. with newer and more advanced technology being invented everyday, it gets safer as well. although driverless cars are not completely driverless yet, its still a great start to an amazing future. i am a new driver, meaning that i am just learning how to drive, and i have to admit its not as easy as it looks. i think it would be wonderful to live in a time period that has driverless cars, or at least be able to witness them being made. the majority of our cars now are already operated by computer systems, even though humans do the majority of the work required to control a car. the human kind as a whole isnt always the keenest when it comes to being aware of our surroundings, and being able to have a car that allows us to pay more attention without actually doing anything could take away a lot of the pressure for drivers, especially teen drivers. fuel consumption has always been, and probably always will be one of the top issues associated with cars and driving. but with the creation of these new, driverless cars, the amount of fuel consumption should go down according to google cofounder, sergey brin. the health of our planet is a major concern, and having millions, maybe even billions, of cars letting out gas is not making it better. if we can create a car that requires less fuel which means itll produce less gas into the air, then that is one thing we can check off of the list of things destroying earth. sensors and lasers are also great contributions to the completion of driverless cars. although they would, of course, still require the driver to be on standby,  of the energy to opererate and drive the car would be done by the car itself. technogly is continuously advancing, and at an even faster pace, its getting hard to keep up. in no time well all be driving in cars that dont actually require us to drive. sebastian thrun seems to have the same idea, considering that in just the time frame of the s, weve created gps, computers, laptops, and touchscreen cellphones. paragraph eight asks us why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? i think these are great questions! i know that as a new driver, i would totally miss not being able to drive, so why not create a car that gives you the option of deciding if you want the car to drive itself, or if you want to drive! of course no one likes traffic, and who likes  hour car rides to florida? these could be the times that the car would drive by itself. all in all, driverless cars could be one of the many successes of man kind, but safety is still an issue. its a great thing to be able to come up with the idea to create things such as driverless cars, but its even better to know youre the one who perfected the idea, and turned it into a reality. we are living in a reality of an innovative generation thats only just getting started. i cant wait to see what happens next. maybe my car will be flying by then, too!