there is a major debate going on in the united states about whether or not driverless cars should be able to be on the roads. driverless cars should not be allowed on the roads with human drivers. three reasons driverless cars should not be allowed on the roads are, they dont have a human to react to a situation, they can malfunction, and they do not have the survival instincts that people have. some people think driverless cars are safe because they are able to react better than humans. however, these cars cannot react as well as people. a driverless car relies on sensors hooked up on the car to know its surroundings whereas a human can visually see their surroundings and react to a situation. in the article driverless cars are coming the author states that, the spinning sensor on the roof. dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. cars that rely on sensors cant completely know what is around them. many people think that tecnology is reliable, that it will never malfunction. however, there have been many cases where tecnology has given out on us. tecnology is never one hundred percent. it will fail every once in a while. the author of the article driverless cars are coming states, if the tecnology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultdriver or manufacture? tecnology can fail even at the worst moments. do you really trust something that could fail in an emergency? many people also believe that a car will avoid collisions. however, a car doesnt have the survival insticts that a human has. a human will avoid anything that puts their life in danger. in the article driverless cars are comming the author says that, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. cars can not navigate conditions tht require human instict which the cars themselves do not have. driverless cars should not be let out on to the roads. if they are put on the roads people may have trouble. the cars could cause trouble for human drivers. the driverless cars can not drive like humans. the cars may cause more danger than good for human drivers.