people believe that this natural landform that looks like a face on mars was done by aliens. well it wasnt. if it was aliens we would tell you because it would be a benefit for us. people on earth see natural landforms that look like certian things all the time. not to mention it looked like such a face because the shadows that it casted made it more detailed. if it was aliens it would benefit us. like the text states, some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. but its not. the text comes back afeterwards and says defenders of the nasa budget wish there was ancient civilization on mars. if it was an ancient alien statue we would say it and back it up, because it would have a highly strong benefit towards nasa because we could get donations for it. along with more popularity. not only would it benefit us, but it looks like natural landforms all across the world. the text even states, it reminds me most ofmiddle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. not only that but it mentions, thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same hieght as the face on mars. why not ask questions about landforms that look detailed or look like aliens may have done it on earth? the main reason the face looked the way that it did was because of the shadows that it casted. the text tells us, shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose and mouth. the text also tells us, because of its face like structure it become a great attraction. starring in films, books, magazines and other articles. if it werent for the shaddows then what was the point. what if nasa is lying? what if none of this is true? why should people believe us? people should believe nasa because again this all would benefit nasa. the text even states, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was ancient civilization on mars. not to mention, if it was a sign of human life it would show a dramatic increase of popularity. so no it isnt an alien statue, or a sign of ancient alien civilization. if it was we would tell you so we could have a benefit or major profit. on earth we have natural landforms all around that look like actual things made by aliens. why not question them about those natural landforms? not only that, the only real reason it looked like a face was because the shadows it casted made it look like it had a mouth, eyes, nose, and other facial features. and were not lying because it would benefit us.