have you ever seen on televsion the cars that people arent driving? or how you dont need to constantly keep your hands on the wheel or your foot on the gas pedal? well these cars are coming to your dealier ship, knowing that you dont have to stay focused on the rode and paying attention to what other drivers are doing makes me not like the idea of having driverless cars. if the driverless car is doing what is it supposed to do doesnt mean that the driver on the oppisite side of the rode is doing what they need to do. the reason that i would disagree to have driverless cars comes from many viewpoints, what if the map that is located in the car doesnt see the aminal that is about to run in the middle of the road at night. like in paragragh eight it stated that why would you want a driverless car when you have to wait your turn to drive, it only needs you to drive when the car cant opperate on its own. what if you are doing something that forces you to not pay attention to the rode and then you need to help out and you need to take control, but you are doing something else, your hands arent by the wheel or gas pedal, the car needs your help and you cant be near it, what would happen in that situation, would it be your fault or the driverless cars fault? with the laws, how would your driverless car know the speed limits in the area when they change from different rode and interstates. you are the safest person to be driving the car because you have the eyes on cordation when driving and can notice traffic signs and speed limits signs. with cars being able to drive themselves it would make the road more dangerous by not knowing the speed limits and not knowing road regulations. what if the speed limits changes from street to street, the driverless car doesnt have to know that. not staying completely focused to the road will have effects on the cars that do reqiure the driver to stay focused. the idea of having driverless cars makes the roads more dangerous for other drivers and pedestrians.