have you ever wondered about how cars would be upgraded ? just like phones are being upgraded each year, becoming greater that people love it. after reading the article of driverless cars are coming, i do not think that upgrading our cars in the future would be nessary for people. the reason why is because it could have a negative impact on us. it can also cause death, change of law , and change of rules the way people are driving. in paragraph , sergery brin says that he envisions a future where there would be public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public tranport taxi system. he also says that the car would use half a fuel of todays taxis and would offer more flexibility than a bus.he believes thats such cars would fundamentally change the world. but as for me, i do not believe that it will change the world. people will face consequence, death, and danger if cars like this are invented. in paragraph , it says that cars are designed to notify drivers when the road ahead of us requires human skills, suck as navigating through work zones and around accident. if the car was invented,how would we be able to turn away from accidents and work zone? if something happened while inside the car, we would just be dead.inventing this car will bring death, desruption and war to the world. people do not want desruption,death, and war, they want peace and if this car is invented we will have to face danger. in paragraph , it says that incar system is actually a safety feature and that safety is a big concern. if the car is invented there wont be any safety. the reason why is if there were no stop light, and signs how are we going to know what the rules are?to change the rule and the law , the goverment would have to change everything that they have worked on for many years.they would have to make new rules and new laws.it will just bring choas to the goverment and to the people. in conclusion, having a car being invented without a driver would be a bad idea for the future. the reason why is because it could cause death, consequence,change, and desruption to the people and to the world.the cars will not secured us, or give us safety, it will danger us and kill us.we should be happy right now with all the rules and the laws because it keeps us safe from dieing and accidents.people will died twice more than people dieing now.inventing the car is a bad choice for everyone.