although many people believe that the photo of a  human face taken by nasas viking  from  is created by aliens , many scientists prove it to be wrong. considering how land can form in many shapes and sizes , its not impossible for a landmass to looklike a face. its also not impossible for aliens to build it but the fact that nasa have never discovered aliens prove that it cannot be credit to aliens, atleast not yet. light also made it looklike a face and hide some parts with shadows thus making us blind to the other half. another prove is that if we view it closer, its nothing like a face but just an illusion. therefore proving that aliens should not be credit of creating it. landmasses can have a variety of results. on earth there are many landmasses ranging from high mountains to blue seas to dry lands and each of them have different types of appeareance. there are also many islands on earth that shaped like a heart or other shapes. even on earth, there are many artifacts that are thought to be made by aliens. why? because they were ahead of their time but as soon as humen start accepting them, they were considered inventions. knowing this fact, its pretty clear that there will be more unique shapes and unknown tools to be discover on the red planet. we just have to take our time and use it as our advantage. light also tricked our brains into believing that it was a face. light can cause many illusions and its strongest with shadows. we humen use light to make shadows of dogs and rabbits using our hands and the result seems like a dogs or rabbits shadow. the shadows hide the other half of the face and thus the other half might just be a plain of nothing on it. we only use our naked eyes to judge it when we should use the measurements to determine if it really could be a face or just a landmass. then in , nasa took another picture of the human face and with better and higher technologies, the face was rediscovered with small details. the camara from  did not provide enough evidences and its not clear enough for our naked eyes to see the small details like the strings and the land features. the land features prove that the other half was nothing like what we imagined. only half is like a face and the other half is just land with no features of a human face. the picture from  reveals that, what was thought to be a face made by aliens for decades, is just illusion made by landmass and light. many people still and will still believe that it was made by aliens because they are in denial. although aliens existing has always made humen curious about the lifeform of other planets, the face is just leading us into a wrong direction. we need to focus more on discovering more planets beyond our reach and also see if there is water source available on them. we should not let little landmass trick us into wasting millions and millions of dollars on it. but what ever the cause may be, nature will always surprise us and we just have to be ready for it.