. driveless cars are a work in progress. i can already imagine myself relaxing in a car while it drives itself.google founder sergey brin envisions a future with public transportation systems where fleets of driveless cars form a publictransport taxi system. and, as you have seen on movies, cars that drive themselves have long been fascinated. google has had cars that could drive themselves since , and they have driven over half a million miles without a crash. but the only problem is, google cars arent truly driveless they still alert the drive to take over when there is a situation. in the s, general motors created a concept car that could run on a special track. the track was embedded with electrical cables that sent radio signals to a recievers on the front of the car. since the creation, engineers at berkeley tried something similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity. the car read the positive and negative polarity as a message in binary code. they would have used that method and called it smarter rodes, but it would be costly. so, they turned to smarter cars instead. the cars needed to be a lot smarter then before. as a starter, they needed a whole lot of sensors on the left wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an intertial motion sensor. in , bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistance. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel.human drivers must stay alert and be ready to take over if there is a situation to be handled. driveless cars would be a good idea, but what about the law. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. in most states it is illeegal to test computerdriven cars. california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semiautonomous cars. auto workers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. telsa has projected that a  release for a car capable will be solved on autopilot  percent of the time. mercedes benz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . lets hope that this dream can come a reality.