everyone wants to go to the park with their children or grandchildren, or maybe just take a nice walk. with the way we live now everything will be too polluted becuase alot of people drive cars and dont take the bus,walk, or carpool. yes, people should limit their car usage. they should limit their uses because owning a car is expensive, it promotes the use of walking and public tranportation, and it reduces smogpollution. owning a car is more expensive then you think. in a city such as vauban in germany that has only two places to park, a large parking garage, and a develment where the car owner needs to buy the spot for forty thousand dollars along with a home. in places like bogota, columbia on their national car free day all violaters will be fined twentyfive dollars. it may not seem like alot, but it all adds up at the end of the day. in places like paris motorist with even numbered liscense plates recieve a twentytwo euro fine , and the following day motorist with odd numbered plates recived the same fine. almost four thousand drivers were fined. thoose are just instances where fines have occured, other expenses are gas. some people who are wealthy and have money wont be impacted by this the same way an average family with three children will. most people take public transportation for granted. imagine if we didnt have busses, trains, and subways. imagine having to drive to new york city instead of the subway. it is not a pretty thought. in places like bogota, columbia that has a national day without cars people use public transportation or walk, unless they want a twentyfive dollar fine. according to mayor antanas mockus  the rain hasnt stopped people from participating. cities such as cali and valledupar have also done what bogota has done, and municipal authorities from other countries came to see the turnout, and they were enthusiastic. new york is promoting a bike sharing program that allows people to ride bikes through the city and return them at any location. mr. sivakss son lives in san francisco and has a car, but takes the bay area rapid transit when he can even though it often takes longer then driving. even though some people dont take public transportation beacuse they are too cool for it, they might just need to in order to save the place they live. have you ever wondered why you can hardly see the stars at night? its not because they arent there, but it is beacuse the smoke from the pollution and smog is covering the view. after days of nearrecord pollution paris has enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of all the polution. congestion of the smog only went down sixty percent in five days. the reason was of diesel fuel which is more used because france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. places like bogota, columbia who have a day without cars have a day for pollution and smog to be reduced, and places like vauban, germany who only have cars on the main thoroughfare virtually have no smog or pollution beacuse they dont allow cars in homes. even though its a hassle to change everything to do it, but by just doing one thing a time they are helping the enviroment. now that we see and know that the people of vauban, germany live with no cars, and the people of bogota, columbia have a day with no cars. thoose places dont have as much pollution such as paris who had to ban driving so they can reduce pollution. we know that in vauban you can park the car for forty thousand dolalrs, or get fined for driving on the one day you are asked not to. all thoose reasons only promotes public transportation or walking. so yes, people should limit there use of cars becuase it is expensive, it promotes the use of walking and public transportation, and it reduces smogpollution.