have you ever been texting someone thats just across the room instead of getting up, because, you dont feel like it. or have you been the one to ask someone to not do that? well this idea of driverless cars is no different. this is just another way for people to take the easy way out. although, this is not an argument about texting and driving, i still believe that it needs to be said, due to the fact of all this technology. all the time us kids are told that communicating face to face is so much better than sending a text message to someone who is just across the room. now, people are inventing ways for us to be able to go places without having to drive. which is giving teens and adults another way to think texing and driving is okay. in paragraph  at the end it says, such dispalys can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over something not avaliable to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. which makes us think its its a tool to help us text and drive. not only is texting and driving the only reason as to why i think this driverless car plan is not a good idea, but also becuase its really not driverless. in paragraph  its states  in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completley driverless. technology is great but not when its being used for someone to be lazy. especially, when it comes to something as dangerous as driving can be. though some smart cars have been created for saftey reasons such as back up cameras or radars, i still believe that should be the only reason cars should be reciving extra technology, for saftey. the things we have now are plenty. and what about the people who dont drive driverless cars? those peoples lives can be in danger too becuase of the driverless car parked next to them at a stoplight, or say a person is in a driverless care and someone is trying to avoid a wreck and you cant stop your car because technically you arent even driving it. you cant prepare yourself for a wreck becuase you never know when they could happen or when you have to try and avoid one. i hope this help proves why i dont agree with driverless cars. there are some advantages of this driverless car, but it doesnt mean they are saftey advantages.