is a computer that can read your emotions vakuable in the classrom? i think yes as a student we get bored and also confused while on the compiter and have the technology that could help provent that would change the world.all students would be able to be help instead of being confused. in the passage it says if a classroom computer could recognize that a student is haveing trouble or is getting bored that the computer could change the lession to make it fun or easier to understand.we students need to have this technology it would help in the classroom. some teachers can not teach everyone the same way so it can become hard and a major hassle. so with the technology the teacher could have the students get on the computer and then the computer could help make the subject easier. now yes their would be some problems with the new technology it could help some kids and hurt others. some kids can not learn from a computer it hurts thier eyes they cant stay focused. so then the teachers could focus on them more and get them the help that they need. this also isnt the only thing that kids would do but it would cut class times down. with cutting class times down teachers could teach the students real life situations. we need to learn how to write checks, pay taxes, and many other things to get us prepared for the real world. computers cant teach us how to do those things. in the artical it says the computer constructs a d computer model of your face what is someone was to get hurtor didnt have all of their face could they use the same technology or would it just not work for them. the ads would make being on the computer better because we see ads that we dont care about if they get ads that we like their are more possibilities that we will buy from that ad.there are ads that have nothing to do with me and i see them and i just think that nobody should buy this product ,but when i see something that i like or that peaks my intrest i want to see more of it find out what it is how to do or get it. so in conclussion i think that we should have computers that recognize emotion, i think that they should work out some of the kinks in it. like what if someone doesnt have a full face or if someone doesnt show emoition.