the author of the challenage of exploring venus , suggests that studying venus is worthy despite the dangers that are presented. venus is sometimes called the evening star, its one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. venus is the second closest planet to the sun, but still a safe distant. its also not to far away from us, earth.venus is often referred to as earths twin. its the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and also occasionally closest distant to earth. even though venus hasnt had a spacecraft land in more than three decaddes its still worth studying. humans have sent sapacecrafts to land numerous of times, on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, for a good reason. no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. due to this venus has a reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study. theres many reasons to why you couldnt survive on planet venus. venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide, which is very challenging for us. the clouds are even more dangerous because of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. temperatures average in venus is like  times higer than what we are used to. over  dregrees fahrenheit, and also atmosphereic pressure is  times greater than what wea re used to on our planet. venus has the highest tempetures in pur solar system. if were ever to land a spacecraft to venus, the spacecrat would probably melt. astronomers are fascinated by venus because longlong ago venus was the most earth like planet. venus was covered largely with oceans and could have supported in various forms of life. venus still has some features that are alike earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and has similar features such as valleys, mountains, and caters. nasa is thinking about sending humans to study venus. if humans were to go to venus they would have to float above the fray. in a blimp like vechile hovering  miles above the roiling venusian landscape. tempetures would still be very toasty at  degrees fahrenheit, but tempeture would plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. it probably wont be posible to traval to planet venus.