driverless cars would be the coolest thing ever! people would not have to drive tired and risk getting into an accident. people could sleep while there car takes them to work or school. the risk is putting your life on the line to have a car drive you around not knowing if it will get you there in one piece or not. i personally think driverless cars are a good concept but at the same time i think it is risky. driverless cars could be good and be bad at the same time. they are good for the fact that you wouldnt have to drive. think about that, just hop in your car press start and tell it where you want to go. then you get to lay back and enjoy the ride. it will be a good thing for people who drink because then you wouldnt have to worry about people drinking and driving because techiniqually they are just drinking not driving. you also wouldnt have to worry about bad drivers or even illegal drivers. driverless cars could be a very good thing to mankind but also it could end up being the worst thing we have done to ourselves. driverless cars could be a terrible thing to the human race. people will start to become very lazy. people are already lazy enough we dont need cars that drive themselves. peole will start to just sleep in the car and not pay attention to where it is taking them. they will forget how to drive so if they ever need to they will not know how. also how can you trust a computer controlled car to drive you and your family around? it is risky to have it take you places because you dont know if it will just go crazy and drive your family into oncoming traffic or not. it is a risk most people would want to take but i am not completely sure if i am one. driverless cars are a great idea and could possibly be the best thing that will happen to the world. it could also be the worst thing that will ever happen to us. we dont really know if they will be reliable enough to keep us safe or if they will even be able to get us where we need to go. i am in the middle on this topic because i am not sure if i would be happy to see driverless cars be a thing or if i would be nervous. driverless cars could be either be a great thing to mankind or they could be a terrible thing, we will just have to wait and see where the future takes us.