what if i told you that there were these special kind of cars that didnt require a driver to accelerate, brake, and basically any of the basic car functions? that it was all programmed to do these things? sounds crazy, right? it may sound crazy, but its happening. google cofounder, sergey brin, has found a way to have cars to do just that. theyre called driveless cars. i, personally, think that these cars are a terrible idea, to be honest. there are plenty of positive and negative aspects for these cars though, which i will talk about now. these driveless cars sound pretty cool, right? theyre very extraordinary really. movies, television and books have imagined this moment for centuries, saying that the future would consist of them. being pretty cool is just one of a few positive aspects. obviously, you wouldnt need to drive, so if you got tired or bored, you could just be fine under certain conditions, which i will discuss later. these cars also would have more flexibility than a bus and using half of the fuel needed for a taxi cab. thats a big deal with gas prices rising lately. theres really only one negative aspect to these cars, but its a pretty big one. you didnt think it would be perfect, did you? everything has a flaw or twelve to it. that negative aspect is that you have to stay alert the entire time that you are driving. yes, it is a driveless car, which is supposed to mean that you dont have to drive. that statement is only half true. the car is specifically made to do the basics, like accelerate, brake, turn, and other stuff. but, say there is an accident or an animal in the road. youd have to turn out of the way so that you can get out of the way of it. theyre not programmed to do so on their own. you have to do that. but, on the bright side, if for some reason youre not paying attention to the road, there is a car assistant programmed the car system. it would alert you of when you need to take control of the car to move out of the way, or something along those lines. as you can tell, these driveless cars have some perks to them, but they also have some disadvantages to them as well. i still stick with my opinion of not having these cars though. its not that much work to move your hands to steer a wheel and to push your foot down on a pedal to make it go and stop. the negative aspects weigh out the positive aspects, if were being honest here. google cars might be cool and might be the best thing possibly to other people, who are most likely lazy, but i stick with my opinion and hopefully, others will too. so, once again, i say that google cars are not a good idea and should not be promoted.