after releasing the photographs about a mesa on mars or now known as the face of mars, theories have come up claiming that it is in fact a face of an old extraterrestial. this is completely false claim that has no evidence or support to be supported with. this mesa is a common natural landform that can be found commonly around. this is a mesa that happens to look like a face. although it can look pretty convincing and decieving, its something common. like mountains on earth, its something that triggers your brain claiming it to be something it isnt. its like seeing a shadow pass by the corner of your eye! you claim you saw it, but it was just a fragment of your imagination. its something our brains trigger. as it states in the article, praragraph two and three, it states that the face the public saw was just an illusion forming eyes, a mouth, and a nose. there must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the jet propulsion lab when the face appeared on their monitors. but the sensation was short lived. scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharoah. this sentence supports the claim that the face was a simple fargemnt of the brain creating an illusion of something. its a common landform that naturally is created. although many theorists claim that it had to do something with aliens and extraterrestrials, there is no evidence to support or back up that claim. where else have you seen something out of the normal on mars? where there any prints or traces leading to something else? people just need to understand that its was a landform and a landform only. in paragraph three, it supports the claim that the face was a natural landform. a few days later nasa unveiled the image for all to see. the caption noted a huge rock formation. . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars. not only did the face gain notorious fame, but the story got a lot of publicity and gained a lot more attention than it should have. all the face was was an illusion that the brain of many created. although many knew it was a natural landform, many supporting those scientists wanted the outcome of the story to take a completely different turn! many wanted the face to be the result of an ancient civilization on mars, which also couldnt be possible. there were a lot of crazy theories and rumors, but the truth was the one that people denied to believe in. this story took many turns, twists, accusations, false claims, and more incredible stuff made up by the public. although it was a simple landform, many denied that to the core, and many defended that statement with their lives. the simple truth of this whole mess, is that it was a photograph taken of a natural landform near cydonia, that was mistaken as a face with eyes, nose, and mouth by the illusions of many theorists or confused and intruiged viewers. to think the public thought a landform would be a face.