venus is a planet that so many people want to study but the risks of studying are dangerous.  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of lie. nobody will really know what venus has to offer if nobody wants to study this planet. many people discuss about the dangers of sending people to venus but never really talk about what they might find in venus. venus is earths twin. venus is right next to earth, which means there could have been something there. the author did a really good job on persuading that venus should be studied despite the dangers because he has evidence that backs him up and he gives information that benefits a lot of things. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float about the fray. venus benefits nasa because they can send people to venus and explore but it can also give them a chance to see what they have to do for reseachers to be outside of a vehicle because the temperture would be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit and there is not a possible way to know if its safe to walk on venus. researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else from a distance. since there is no way of taking things to earth, reseachers could take pictures and write down what they saw and their experience. nasa is also trying to figure out ways to go and study venus. some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss suface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. nasa is already trying out new and old ways to approach to venus so they are most likely going to work on those projects and get people up there and come back to earth safe to explain all the things they saw. the author knows the risks and dangers of studying venus, but it can help people know what venus is like and if they study this planet. they will know what it had a long time ago, if it really had oceans or something living there, there will be proof with researchers to back up that information. this author makes a good point of why this planet should be studied. it could benefit so many things along the way, but we will never know until venus is studied.