dear mrs. senator, the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and a poorly representative system for our nation. previous elections and facts show that the electoral college may have worked in the past, but does not work in accuratley representing the millions of voters in our country any longer. in the  presidential campaign, the unfairness of the electoral college was blatantly obvious. seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, and voters in twenty five of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaig ad, plumer. the vote was left almost entirely in the hands of a few swing voters in ohio, which is not an accurate representation of the opinions of the american population. during this campaign in , al gore received more individual votes than george w. bush nationwide, however, bush received  electoral votes to gores , so bush was elected president plumer. it is obvious that the votes of the electoral college do not accurately reflect the opinions of the people, and gives the citizens of our country poor representation in our government. the arguments in favor of the electoral college are weak at best. in the article in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner, the opening paragraph is practically an argument against the electoral college. in the article, posner states, the electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, a nondemocratic method of selecting a president... the advocates of the position are correct in arguing that the electoral college method is not democratic... it is the electors that choose the president, not the people. in this opening statement for an article about how great the electoral college is, posner proves quite the opposite. the people of our country deserve proper representation each of their individual votes should be important and their opinions on who leads this country should be heard. as stated in this counterclaim, it is not the people who choose the president it is the electors in the unjust electoral college system. according to a gallup poll taken in , over  of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now plumer. it is clear the majority of the u.s.a. would prefer a different way of electing a president, whether that be a direct election, or another system that properly represents the nations opinions. the list of possibilities of things going wrong in the electortal college is large. suppose there was a tie, which is entirely possible, since there is an even number, , of electoral votes posner. if this happened, the election of the president would be put in the hands of the house of representatives. in this system, each state casts only one vote, so the representative from wyoming who is casting a vote for , voters would have as much say as the representative from california, whose single vote represents the opinion of  million voters . if this isnt an unethical process, i dont know what is. mrs. senator, as a citizen of the united states, and democrat in the mainly republican state of florida, i want my voice to be heard. with the current electoral collge system, i am worried that it wont be. i shouldnt have to worry about faithless electors refusing to vote for my partys candidate, or the electors in my state not casting a vote that represents my opinions. in the free country of america, i want my vote to count and our government to make decisions based on what i say, not some electors from my state. with this current electoral college system, i cannot have my representation or freedom bestowed upon me by the constitution, and that needs to change. thank you for reading, and i hope you can make a difference. sincerely, proper_name