the advancement in this eras technology is truly mesmerizing and breathtaking. this newfound technology, the facial action coding system, enables computers to identify human emotions. this technology could be extremely beneficial to students in a learning environment. the facs can also do good towards the students ability to learn, but it can also be beneficial to their safety as well. not only would the computer change the way it teaches when it senses the students boredom or confusion, it would also make sure the students full attention is on the lesson, based on the facial muscles the student makes. the facs would also ensure that the student has a complete understanding of the the material. this would be a major stepping stone for future students who struggle in their own classroom environment. in the text, the author includes a quote from the scientist dr. huang saying, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. in light of recent activties, it can be assumed that no one ever knows when a potential threat may reveal itself until it is too late. this holds true especially when applied to the schools across america. facs would do immense good towards the safety of students in schools all across the country and even the world. the facs would have the ability to, ...identify mixed emotions, and ...knows when you are happy or sad. this technology can be used to the advantage of the school to identify when a student is feeling distraught, distressed, or when a they are anxious according to the muscles on their faces. more over, this technology can tell when a student is being truthful or not. according to the article, to an expert, faces dont lie. the code encrypted to the facs is an algorithim used to decode facial expressions as it did to the leonardo da vincis painting, the mona lisa. when the code in the computer scans the facial expression of the students, it is then, ...compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. in the results of this process, the computer can notify the teacher or administration if the student was being truthful or not. all in all, this technology proves to be very beneficial to the safety of the students in school and also proves to be excellent towards the students ability to learn and keep learning in school. from scanning to see if a student is sad to telling a higher authority that a student is being untruthful, this technology of the facs can potentially revolutionize the world for the greater good. students in a learning environment would undoubtedly be safer, secure and