driverless cars have become a major topic in the automobile industry, what are driverless cars some may ask? driverless cars are cars that actually dont rely on any human driving, it drives itself. its a new invention of the automobile, that is on its way to succeeding because of such updated technology. google cofounder sergey brin envisions that one day soon, driverless cars will take over the automobile industry and become something that citizens use on a daily basis, he says it would replace the car today. some may think this is an amazing idea and others may think this is one step closer to ending the world. i on the other hand, think that this is something that would cause accidents left and right. its a machine, you would be putting your life, your loved ones lives and even strangers lives in the hands of a machine. machines break down all the time, how many times has your computer break down? the driverless car that they are dreaming of today, is a horrific idea that will cause millions of deaths. you also have to be alert  while in the driverless car so whats the point in sitting there holding on to the wheel just waiting for your turn to drive? if you dont like driving use a bus or even a taxi? those are more reliable than a machine. these driverless cars arent even in the making yet, they havent been tested and they are expecting to release them in ? that is  years away to get everything mastered, and safe. mercedesbenz, audi and nissan are all automobile industries that plan on taking that next step into technology with vehicles to allow drivers to be in the postion and alert mode just like you would be while driving, but instead a computer is doing your job for you? no matter what you have to be alert and holding on to the wheel? in conclusion, i am against driverless driving because of the many reasons i listed above also, many people fall asleep behind the wheel. i have had family members fall asleep and do damage to not only himself but others around him. falling asleep is easy, especially when someone or something else is already doing your job that keeps you alert and ready.