hi my name is rashaad, do you ever wonder what seeing venus whould look like? or is it a worthy pursuit of dangers? well today im going to tell you but first i am going to give you some backup information about our lovely twin venus. venus is one of the brightest ponits of light in the night sky. venus also has an nickname becuase of its brightness which is called the evening star. venus is often refferd to as the earths twin becuase of its terms of density and size and sometimes the closest. but venus tempatures average over  degrees farherint and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than on earth. that is some background information so you can get an idea of what venus is. but the real problem is that venus has a worthy pursuite of dangers heres why as in the text it says that,humans have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on this cloud draped world. each previous mission was unmanned,and for good reason,since no spacecraft surivived the landing for more than a few hours. this shows that venus is very dangerrous not even a space craft chould land on it. now lets find out why. the reason why venus is so dangerous becuase a thick atmosphere of almost  percent of carbon dixoide blankets venus. also on the planets surface averages about  degrees fahrenheit and the pressure is like  times grater than on earth. this is problay why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. the author uses great detail to back up why studying venus is a worthy pursuit of dangers. becuase in the text he shows use the dangers that are already on venus and how it is super hot and that the weather is very diffrent from earth i can support this becuase in the text it states that,beyond high pressure and heat,venusian geology and weather present additional impdeiments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earhquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. this shows that he is giving us proper details to show why studying venus chould be worthy of being dangerous .but thats not all the national aeronautics and space administration has one compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. in my opionon that is a sucide mission becuase we dont even have that good of technolgy for humans to barley even have any oxygen to breath on there. but the study of all this may not be left behind becuase humans want to explore all of the planets one day so this is good but dangerous trying to study venus. but im going to give you some more information about the studying of exploring venus. so there solution to try an test this study out is to have a blimp like vehicle hovering  or so miles above the rolling venusian landscape. but they say it whould still be hot it whould at least be  degrees fahrenheit. but a vehicle hovering over venus whould avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by stying up and out of their way as it says in the text. but nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. but they have tired lots of exermeints as it says in the text like this one we it said that, some simplified electronics made of sillicone carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. but the moral of this essay is to show you that the author had some good detail to show that studying venus is dangerous and a good thing if we find some things out. but all of this like the weather one day we are going to find out how we can fix all of that and how we are going to get better technolgy to fix all of this up so we chould land on mars safely one day. also dont forget that nasa is still doing some research on the planet so problay later in the future we might have alot of things to problay to help us with alot of things in the future.