what are the biggest advantages of limiting car usage? now you are probably wondering what i mean by car usage. i mean not using them so much or maybe not using them at all. youre probably thinking to your self that this is a stupid idea. youre probably right, but look at all of the up sides to it. think about it, if poeple stop driving motorized vehicals, there would be less smog in the air. think about our planet, all the smog we pump out of our vehicals a day. in an artical paris bans driving due to smog writen by robert duffer, it says that paris pumped out  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter in a week, thats a lot in one week. also look at what smog can do, for the people with breathing problem, theyll have to wear oxygen maskes just so they can go out side. then, a lot of plants will die not because there isnt enough carbon dioxied, the smog would be blocking out the sun light. our planet should come first, thats why we are hear to take care of this planet. now think how quiet the streets would be. lets take the rurle areas for an example, there arnt any cars out their. its nice and peaceful and you dont have worry about all the noise while your trying to take your afternoon nap. now lets look at new york, theres nothing quiet there, theirs always cars, the noise of the cars motors running, people honking their horns and people just yell at the people in front of them because they arnt moving. i think having to deal with that every day would be annoiying. one last thing, if people stop driving cars there would be more people walking and riding their bikes, oh and cant forget the skeatboarders. people doing that every day there would be more people in the world that would be fit. about eighty percent of america is over weight. so if we cut back on driving and start walking that percentige would go down trumendisly in a five year pirod. also we could have more people trying out for the olympics, wouldnt that be great? no cars sounds great to me. now if you were going on a road trip it would be ideal to have a car for that, but in any other case you dont have use your car at all. smog is never a great thing, it would be great to have a quiet neighborhood and there would be more fit people in the world. over all not having cars would be great, you just dont know it yet.