do students emotions really matter while youre trying to teach them? if a teacher were to use facial action coding system to determine their students feelings, they could tell what type of way they should teach. could facs improve the school systems all around the world? this system is great, if you have a hard time telling what peoples feelings are by their face and actions. have you ever been in class, and the teacher stops to ask you if you understand, because you may have had a confused look on your face? your confused facial expression tells the teacher that you didnt understand what they are trying to teach, so they try teaching it another way or going over it again. your expression told the teacher you werent understanding, and needed to go over it again. its not as difficult as it seems. this could help a teahcer in many ways. if schools gave teachers facial action coding systems, they could use them to tell if a student is happy, confused, upset, or understanding. this is a great way for teachers to know how they should teach a lesson. some teachers dont know how you feel about a chapter or lesson, unless you say something. most students dont want to explain that they dont know whats going on, because they dont want to feel like they arent as smart as the students that understand. the systems know each muscle, and what it means when they move. facs can tell what a person is feeling whether its sad, happy, angry, confused, surprised, or more. by knowing this stuff, it is easier to communicate with a person. if someone is confused during school, and the teacher continues to teach how he, or she, has been teaching, the student wont be able to learn like they would if the teaching was brought to his, or her, level. do you find it easier when a teacher teaches how you like to learn, or how other people like to learn? its how you like to learn, right? facial action coding system can detect a person emotions. is this a good system to have in a classroom? i believe it is. emotions matter when youre trying to learn. how is someone supposed to understand something while they are confused? its difficult, but it the teacher can tell youre confused the teaching might be changed to fit the students mind better. this is a great way to improve the learning system all around the world.