alien landform? do you think that the face on mars is real or was created by an alien? as being a scientist, i dont think the face is real because mars is not a living planet. many of the planets in the solar system have different types of landforms in general. there is alot of evidence on how it could be many things and how it could have been made. down below will be some evidence on how i think that the face on mars is not real. first, in paragraph two it said that the face looks like a human face. an enormous head nearly two miles away from end to end seemed to be staring back at the cameras from a region of the red carpet planet called cydonia. this could have meant that the camera was just put where the face may have been looking at directly. there are many ways how this could just be a huge rock at a certain angle being a face. secondly, in paragraph  it states another thing about the type of landform. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing . . .a natural landform. this states that there was no alien monument after all. that was another thing about how the face could have been a natural landform like how any other planet has. next, we all know how many people read magazines and watch movies. in paragraph  it states that the face on mars has become a pop icon. it has started in a hollywood film, apperared in books, magazines, radio talk shows even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! the defenders of the nasa budget wsh there was an ancient civilization on mars. people were saying that nasa was trying to cover something up. maybe some people dont think that its true so and that they need more information to let people know after they have found alot of information. now, their is a possibility that there is aliens on mars. in paragraph  it claims, the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face but perhaps they were alien markings that werre hidden by haze. it could have just been the camera that was not capturing them right. it also states how they dont pass over the face very often as in they are thinking that the face might move like aliens. but, there is not enough evidence that this is a natural landform or an alien face. it even states how it could even be a lava dome that took form on the isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars that was on another planet. in conclusion, i dont think that the aliens are real. i wont think that until they have an extradanary amount of evidence stating that is is a face. nasa has made alot of mistakes in the past and maybe this is one of those mistakes.