an introduction venus, sometimes called a evening star, as nickname. in the night they were one of the brigest light in the sky. however the nickname could possibly not called as evening star, because the venus is second planet from our sun. venus often refferred as earth twin because venus is the closest plant to earth, but at different speeds earth sometimes closest to mars and other times to venus. a body human become more curious about venus and plan to visit venus, and its like no one could survived for few hours. in the text says, because venus is sometimes right around the corner in spcae terms human have sent numerous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. numerous factors contribute to venuss repuation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. a body scientist had discuss about venus that, venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and could have supported various from of life, just like earth. in the text also says, long ago, venus was porbably covered largely with ocenas and could have supported various from of like, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. a body the national aeronautics and space administration also known as nasa has come up with idea of sending huamn to study venus. for example, nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. a conclusion striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained in the planet itself, but also because human couriosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond shouls not be limited by dangers and doubts but shouls be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.