in this writing i will be stating facts about driverless cars. also i will be expressing my opinion about driveless cars. many different companys are trying to make driverlss cars and some have suceeded but theres always work that can be done with them. in this paragraph i will be explaining the good things about the new driverless cars that could be coming in the near future. now having driverless cars would be very convinient for anyone who had one. if possible it would lower car collisions and be more safe for everyone. google has already created a driverless car but with less features that would be needed if people used them as an everyday travel. the point is it is obviousley possible to do it and someone will at some point in time where it will work. yes there are always positive and negative things about anything and in this paragraph ill be explaining the negatives. yes it would be very convenient but also in my opnion people would get lazy and than before we know it we will be having everything done for us by technology. thats not the world i want to live in i like to do things myself. usually people who can complete a task on there own feel a certain way when that task is completed. with these driverless cars the passage asks a great question would the owner of the driverless car be liable if there happens to be an accident and someones injured or would the manufacturer be blamed? who would decide the answer to that question. why would we put our trust and our lifes in the hand of a car that can drive it self. lets say they do suceed in making a safe driverless car, there would be so many of them flooding the street but technology fails all the time. what would happen in a case where someone bought one of these driverless cars and it malfunctioned and he or she was injured or even killed. after the first death by one of these cars there will of course be your people who go against them and they would protest and it would become this whole new big thing. what are we to do then? as you can see there is alot more negatives in my eyes. in this paragraph i will be expressing my opinion on driverless cars. obviously if you havent figured it out by the last paragraph im more against these driverless cars because the world doesnt need something like this. maybe cars that can run on water and stop from getting in wrecks but not driverless its too lazy america is already getting lazy enough with all this new technology. with people and there smart phones and drones and all that. the more technology like this the more dangerous it will be for everyone, whats gonna happen when everything we do is technology based and basically done for us. where will our jobs go how will people afford all this new technology. i say no to driverless cars.