splash, splash, splash what do you think of that sound every night just before you go to bed. this is what the seagiong cowboys hear every night. caring for animals all day on a boyt can be very hard work, but it is alway fun and intergetic work. it is the most exciting adventure you could ever do in your life time, so just try it. when i first heard about the trip it was like th emost amazing thing ever. never before in my life had anything seemed so great. the trip wass fantastic, just all the scenery and things you saw. you get to meet and be with other cowboys. you learn to trust and like to be with animals. it just so i would really advise you to at least try it and see how you like it at sea for so long. you get pulled in right away whoever you are old or young. there are games such as tabletennis tournaments,fencing, boxing, and the cowboys also play baseball and volleyball in the stalls where there arent any animals in. you could also read, or wittle to help pass the times when you didnt have anything to do. you aso have a lot of oppertunities to do diferent jobs aound the bout. when i was on my second round giong along with the seagiong cowboys i surved as a night watchman. when you get this job you have to go around every hour and check on the animsls and see if they are all right. while diong this i slipped and fell which was a scarey thing because i wa sheaded strait for the edge of the bout. lucky me i was caught and only had a brocken rib. you can also become a very well know person if you do oit right. i am so thankful i went to help, as i said,  im grateful for the opportunity, it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. i have helped so many international students and and exchange visitors for years. this trip has made my life such a bliss since i agreed to sign up for that trip to take care of the animals while they get shipped across the ocean from place to place and to time. as i have been telling you just try to and juust see how you like it. when i came oout of high school i was working two part time jobs and had a best freind named don reist. when he came up to me and askekd me if i would do it i couldnt say no. i knew this would be my only chance in a life time. so why dont you try this, or if you dont like it tey something else. just just do what your heart tells you to do, and be happy.