the natural landform on the unatural planet seeing something that you cant really tell what it is is frustrating, right? nasa and conspiracy theorists totally know what you are going through. nasa found a face on mars and now everyone thinks it has something to do with aliens. well, they are very wrong. nasa would have benefitted from the face of mars if aliens had anything to do with it, nasa took a picture on april ,  snapping a higher resolution picture, and on april , , they took a picture at the sharpest point on a cloudless summer day, proving for the second time that it was just a landform. the skeptics may have their points on to why it may be created by aliens, but nasa has three amazing photos to prove them wrong. the face on mars is not really a face after all. to begin, nasas budget would have benefitted a lot if the landform had anything to do with aliens at all, so why would they want to keep it a secret if it were true? first things first, when nasa revealed the photo of the huge landformation it became a huge hit! they were hoping to catch the attention of mars to the public, and boy oh boy, they did just that. it starred in a hollywood movie, appeared in magazines, books, radio talkshows, even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! unfortunately, the positive popularity always comes with the negative. some conspiracy theorists thought that the face was bona fide evidence of life on mars, evidence that nasa would rather hide. defenders of nasas budget can only wish that there was an ancient civilization on mars. secondly, on april , , mars global surveyor flew over cydonia, the section on mars where the face lives, snapped a picture of it ten times sharper than the original viking photos. the picture proves again that the face is just a landform. the conspiracy theorists and people that supported their opinion were still not happy with the results. they said in paragraph , the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. i dont know how they get these crazy assumptions, but they will just never give up! they went all the way back to take a second picture to prove theyre wrong, dont you think that shows that nothing about this landform is alien infested, or was created by them? last, but not least, they took a second picture of the face at the highest resolution possible to prove to the opposing side again. we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view, said garvin. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. garvin proved the correct point for everyone, hopefully having everyone believing that the face is not a face, just a lava dome. on the other hand, the other side had a bit of detail to help support their side as well. their first assumption was that in the second photo, wispy clouds covered any alien like markings. to prove that wrong nasa took another photo at the highest resolution to prove that it is just a natural landform on mars that has nothing to do with aliens. the skeptics will probably never give up on how this was made by aliens, but nasa has three extraordinary photos to prove them wrong every single time. in conclusion, the face is just a natural landform. nasa would have benefitted from the face of mars if aliens had anything to do with it, nasa took a picture on april ,  snapping a higher resolution picture, and on april , , they took a picture at the sharpest point on a cloudless summer day, proving for the second time that it was just a landform. the skeptics can try to find every way to show that aliens had something to do with it, but they dont have three pictures of the landform itself. real facts beat assumptions every time. mars may be a mysterious place, but what isnt mysterious is the natural landform on cydonia.