many compainies around the world are trying to figure out the way how to make cars driverless and making the car drive by itself with out a drivers assistence. companies like google and gm and many other manufacturing companies. but could this be possible? what are the negative aspects? what are the postive aspects? there are some positive and negatives aspects of driverless cars for example some of the negative aspects of diverless cars are that in order for cars to driver without a person then the roads would have to be built differently and that would take a lot of money and time to construct every road and highway in every state and country. another negative aspect is that some driverless cars can steer,accelerate, and brake themseleves, but they are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills such as navigating through work zones and around accidents meaning that the driver still needs to be focused and paying attention to the roads overall the car is not driverless. now, the positive aspects are that now technology is so advanced and people do not have to navigate their cars and they can just let the car do it. many companies and manufactors have already started on this project and tried to do an example on their own and some of the cars actualy work. for example google modified a toyota prius using estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating senor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. with all of those equipment there will be a chance that companies and manufactors will be able to construct the driverless car. in conclusion i think that i am against the development of these cars because there are many things that could go wrong in these development of these cars for example all roads would need to be contructed again to be able to navigate the driverless cars and that would take a lot of time and also a lot of money. another reason i am against the development of these cars is that these types of cars could cause a lot of technical difficultiesin the cars system and therefore could lead to more accidents and that would cause more deaths and more injuries on people. therefore i am against the development of these driverless cars.