human emotion can be expressed by many things such as body language, tone, and language. emotion allows us to understand others and empathize easier. a software known as facial action coding system has been developed to improve accuracy of calculating the emotions of others. using this technology to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is invaluable because humans already can calculate emotions, the classroom is not taught by a computer, and human emotions are very complex. the first reason that the facs is invaluable to the classroom is because there is no need to use technology to calculate emotions of a student. a classroom consists of a teacher and several students which are humans. the author stated within the article, humans perform this same impressive calculation every day, he further on states that we can probably tell how a friend feels just by the look on their face. since humans can already perceive and understand emotions of others, there is no need for a mode of technology to figure out when someone is bored or confused about certain subjects in a classroom. when a student is bored or confused about a certain subject, he or she could simply ask for help from a teacher or a peer. using the facs technology would be redundant in reading emotional expressions of students therefore, it is invaluable technology. computers are not what teach students in a classroom. the author tells the reader to imagine a classroom computer that could recognize your emotions, so it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor. there is always a human instrcutor the teacher in a classroom, so there should not be a need for a modification of a lesson by a computer when the teacher can modify the lesson. students do not need to be dependent on a computer to learn what they need to learn in a classroom, and a computer that can calculate emotion is obsolete by its uselessness in the manner of learning. the final reason why emotion calculating technology is invaluable in a classroom is that emotion is too complex for just a classroom computer to calculate. first of all, emotion differs from person to person. in the aritcle dr. huang, a professor of the university of amsterdam, said, the facial expression for each emotion are universal, but he also stated, individuals often show varying degrees of expression. if emotional expressions are all unique, it would be very difficult for computers to calculate the exact feeling a students is feeling just by their facial expression. also, in the seventh paragraph, the author stated, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. this means that the classroom computer would not be able to calculate like how it was used in the article. in conclusion, the facs is too redundant and under developed to be of any use for a classroom enviorment. it is invaluable and there are mulitple substitutes that can read emotional expressions of students in a school. in the future, with further innovations, there will be a time where classrooms use this type of technology to enhance education but as of right now, the system is not useful for helping classrooms teach students.