humans are naturally curious creatures. no matter what people try to do their curiousity will always get the better of them. this is not a bad thing, being curious has changed life on earth durasically. new inventions have been made vaccines have been created to help people improve their quality of life. not only has the human curiosity helped to improve life here on earth, but it has also brought new knowledge about the things outside of earths atomosphere. since the s devices had been made to expaned peoples knowledge about the planets around earth. computers have been made that make calculations by using gears and levers. these machines had been made as early as the s and played an important roles in human history. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick. with the modern advances in technology there are no reasons to why with even more improvements made humans would not be able to go an explore other planets such as venus. changing perspective on going to venus could help humans to one day actually go and study the magnificent planet of venus. we should think of them risks as challenges. instead of thinking of the opsticalls that will have to be faced when going to venus, think of them as challenges that will have to be overcame to get the succes and the results needed. there are other approaches that could be taken on traveling to venus. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. despite the dangers that lie ahead with traveling to venus there are so much more advantages and knowledge that can be gained from going to venus. by actually going on venus nasa sciencetist would be able to study rock, gas, or anything else that is more than what could be done if they only got a birds eye view of venus. sciencetist could discover exactly why venus is so inhospitable compared to earth. they would be able to comferm their beliefs of venus being covered largely with oceans. sciencetist could find out what venus would have been able to support. they would be able compare how exactly earth and venus are so simular and also how they are so different. the knowledge that they learn could even improve life here on earth. humans are always going to want to discover new things outside of earths atomosphere, which has helped improve life for many people. with the modern advancements being made in technology and the knoewledge that could be optained by going to venus there is no reason to why in the near future exploration of venus should not be mastered. every trip outside of earths atomosphere will have new challenges and new opsticalls to overcome. if nasa would not have worked hard like they did neil armstrong would never have gotten to the moon. now is the time to overcome the challenges and get someone to venus.