in the united states of america, and all over the world, cars are used every day. people use them to get to work, to go see family, and to get simply, from a to b, but a new idea is sprouting up in europe, the u.s., and elsewhere where people are doing something unheard of.... giving up their cars. according to source , in german suburb, life goes on without cars, vauban, germany is a city that is almost completely car free. heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two says, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, this shws that living without cars is not only possible, but could have some great consequences. living car free could seem like something impossible, but it has great effects. in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars, there is a study ervealing that passenger cars are responsible for  peercent of greenhouse gas emmisions in europe....and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. without cars, we could lower pollution, which is a huge problem for some places. in the second article, paris bans driving due to smog paris has to enforce a partial driving ban to clear the air of the city after days of nearrecord pollution. motorist with even number liscence plates were ordered to leave their cars on day and motorists with odd numbered plates were ordered to the next day. this enforcement had positive consequences along with it. congestion was down  percent in the capital and the smog hanging over the city eventually cleared. this shows almost immediate benefits to the decline in driving. can you imagine the benefits after a long term period of carfree cities? the possibillities are limitless. carfree periods of time dont have to be long term. in bogota, colombia, a carfree day takes place every year and it is a big hit with millions of colombians according to the article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. for the third straight year, cars have been banned only excluding busses and taxis. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog in the city of  million. anyone who violated the rules were fined  dollars. for the first time ever, two other cities, cali and valledupar, have joined in the event. businessman carlos arturo plaza says its a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. this should show that car free periods of time are possible, not matter how long, and that they have great consequences that come along with them. you might say that it would be extremely difficult to make america a car free country. well, according to a report in the fourth article the end of car culture america may be on its way. research studues show that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. the nummber of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter according to a analysis by doug short of advisor perspectives, an investment research company. in april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak. thsi shows that there is a steady decline in driving and autiomotive transport in america. also found in the fourth article, if the pattern persists, it will have beneficial impliactions for carbon emmisions and the enviorment. many sociologists believe the pattern will continue. alternate sources of transportation have popped up also. in new york, a new bike sharing program has popped up and in san fransisco, bay arear rapid transit is another viable option of transport. with all of these options, doesnt one fit you? in conclusion, alternate transport oppurtunities and car free periods of time are the solution. with so many ways to lower how much and how you drive. the switch to a more economic means of transport would be easier than you think. the possibillities are endless and multiple studies show that the good consequences outweigh the bad ones. one question is yet to be asked, are you ready to make the switch to the better way of tansport?