many people now a days use cars, trucks, buses or other ways of transportation on a daily baises. most do not even think twice about all of the pollution they are creating in our world, or even the traffic that they are helping create. fellow citizens should start becoming aware of this problem and finding different ways to travel. many people who work in larger cities tend to face many traffic problems when on their way to work, sometimes causing them to be late for their job. if we were to begin doing things like carpooling, walking, biking, or even just taking a bus to work or school we could immedialty see changes in the amount of traffic. in paris, after reaching several days of nearrecord pollution, they ordered a partial driving ban in attempt to clear up the city. according to source  paris bans driving due to smog, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france... in just five short days. other places, such as bogota, columbia are also taking part in carfree days. these places are also seeing a drastic decline in the amount of traffic seen in the city. the author of source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, andrew selsky, millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a carfree day, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. another advantage to limiting car usage will be that there will be a noticable decline in the amount of smog and pollution. paris typically has more smog than other european capitals as stated in soure paris bans driving due to smog. after being ordered a carfree day, smog was cleared enough by the following monday for them to call off the ban on cars the next day. one simple step such as a weeklong carban can reduce the amount of pollution drastically. elisabeth rosenthal states in paragraph  that an increasing number of private cars owned by the burgeoning middle class are choking cities. if we begin to limit our car use, we will notice great changes in our environment. in conclusion, if we do just a few simple things in our society, we will be able to notice the great advantages to limiting car usage. the amounts of traffic in cities will decrease, as well as the amount of pollution in our city, all because of just a few simple things that we can change.