driving has been a necessary skill in society ever since ford made the t model. since then the use of cars has only become more common within society. people use cars to go to and from work, as well as to travel on vacation and chauffer people around. while driving, people could be doing much more productive things, such as preparing for the arrival of a destination, or doing homework or fun activities. the legitamacy of the development of the driverless car is confirmed by the by the actions that people go through each day and the convenience that the car would provide, once laws are passed to make the car a reality. these days peoples lives are filled with stressful tasks such as work, school, and extracurricular activities. a lot of peoples time is used to drive when the time could be directed towards more productive things. the development of sensor technology paragraph  has allowed for the possibility of a car that can almost drive itself. as companies such as tesla, audi, mercedez benz, and nissan come closer to the objective of a car that can completely drive itself paragraph , people are still presented with difficult tasks to fulfill other than driving. that is why the development of technology that can drive itself and take the work load off of the driver and free up time for the driver would be beneficial to society. the arguement that the people might have against the car could be laws that prohibit unattended vehicles on the road, and the conflict between driver or manufacturer if there is an accident. it is clearly stated in the passage paragraph  that manufactureres belive that more states will allow limited use of semiautonomous cars on roads as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe. many automakers are predicting that the problems ahead will be solved paragraph . also, the debate between the drivers fault, or the manufacturers fault paragraph  can easily be settled with a few waivers, laws, and signed papers. the convenience and safety of the driverless car is becoming more and more legitimate as manufactureres continue to produce and develop capable cars. laws against the driverless car are assumed by manufacturers to be less limiting and even solvable in time ahead. because the work load that the car would take off of people and the convenience that the car would have, the benefits would outweigh the soon to be obsolete laws that are currently limiting the cars capablilites. also the idea of a car that can basically drive itself is simply fun. once the conflict between driver and manufacturer can be solved, most likely through laws and waivers, and the driver can make the personal choice to allow the car to drive itself, then people will be pleasantly surprised by the amount of free time they have.