i think if we limit the usage of cars it could possibly be a good thing. america has very high pollution a lot of it comes from cars, second only to power plants. if say jacksonville decided to be car free it would be hard because jacksonville is the biggest city, according to how much land it takes up. but vauban in germany is the perfect city for it because it has , people in a rectangular square mile which is small and allows people to walk from place to place. but jacksonville, say if i wanted to walk to orange park it would take a long time beacause it is already a  minute drive. if america was to become car free then there would be a lot of complications, such as if you live at the beach and have to go downtown for work and cant catch a bus. i think america should pick one city to start this and if it works well then move it to a whole state and only allow buses and taxis to be driving around. in america the drving peak has already passed, in  was the when the highest amount of cars and most driver liscense were given out. an advantage of being car free would be that the stress of evryday life would go down. a lot of stress results from cars and driving. if you get stuck in traffic your going to get mad but we wouldnt have to worry about traffic anymore because we would be either walking or taking busestaxis. also local buisness would be making more money because if a person is walking they are going to want to eat what ever is nearest to them. people live very close to some local buisness and instead of just driving by them all the time you would actually eat there. looking into the future i could see honestly say i dont see america becoming car free. i see it staying in europe the reason i say this is because we have a lot of evryday commuting going on, in every city, in every state someone is almost always out driving wether its to catch a early flight or to get a head start on a road trip. people are always drving. looking back into the past, a lot of people did walk places, and then more and more people started driving and it eventually caught on. so now once again i ask you, do you think america will ever become car free? do you think less and less people will start driving or will the number of drivers increase? people who have tried this seem to be a little less stessed wich could ultimatley help us all.