freedom! we are all americans here so we should have the freedom we were ment to have. i understand that we do in fact have a lot more freedom than other countries but i am talking more on voting freedom. the electoral college is, in my opinion and many others, a bad way to decide the president of the united states of america. i beleive that for americans we should have a better say in things and agree that we rather have popular voting than what we have now. others beleive the electoral college helps with big states issues. but in the end popular vote is a good way to help people who deserver presidency to get it. the article the indefensible electoral college, many have agreed on abolishing the electoral colleg. the article the indefensible electoral college... states ...according to a gallup poll in ... over  percent of voters would prefer a direct election to what we are doing now. if we the people do not get final say into things than we arent really as free as we are told we are. if the people want a different voting system it should be granted to us. a good example to people who had been effected by this was al gore. the articel states. al gore who had won by popular vote but still lost the presidency to the electoral college. this goes to show that he was someone that many wanted as a president but where cheated out by the electoral college. others may believe that the electoral college helps not let bigger and more populated states get more attention than a smaller state would. but even by popular vote this would be the same. if a populated state votes then they will get basically the same say as they would with the electoral college but it would give them more say. whilst other low population states get less votes and attention just like with the electoral college. so even though it would make a great change with other things, this matter is no problem. few have lost presidency due to the quirks in the electoral college. a good example is al gore who i talked about earlier. but still in the future changing to popular vote will help people who earned presidency actually get it. instead of being scammed out of their votes by the electoral college. if someone has earned the presidencty then they should have the right to it, but with the electoral college in the way some are unable to actually do this. if we the people want someone to be the president than we want them! al gore won popular vote but since we do not get the only say he had lost presidency. if popular demand was the only voting system than we would probably be in a better place right now. in conclusion, we the people of the united states deserve to actually have our own and only say in to who is going to lead us. if we say we want them, we want them... i understand that we our the ones that get the say, but we are being evened out by state percentage, so basically popular voting is ruled out. popular voting is a better way to vote mainly because it is straight forward and to the point. if someone receives more individual votes than they should be the president... it is a easy straight forward process...