do driverless cars seem cool to you? driverless cars are a thing of the future, but do we really know how much work, money, and time it will take to create driverless cars? i firmly beleive that having driverless cars in our society would be super cool, but i do not believe we should create these cars. driverless cars would require changing the laws and there would be to many complications if someone got injured due to a driverless car. the money and time we would have to put towards driverless cars is simply not worth it. in paragraph  it states, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? this question from the passage shows that there would be many questions if something was to happen and whose fault it was if there was not a person driving the vehicle. we have never had completely driverless cars before, so why should we get them now? drivers are doing fine now but who is to say they wont fall asleep or get distracted if their car is driving itself? in paragraph  it says, wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? drivers would get bored and then what does that mean, usually an accident. tesla is projecting a release in  for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. people can barely afford a new car right now, let alone a driverless car. driverless cars will be too expensive, too timely, and there will be too many complications. the money and time we would have to put towards driverless cars is simply not worth it. in most states as of now it is illegal even to test comuterdriven cars. if that is the case then it would be amazing to see all states make it legal for completely driverless cars to be on the road. computerdriven cars are controlled from a computer and can be controlled if something was to happen, in the same way driverless cars will also be able to be controlled, but there will be a human present. if the future does hold driverless cars there will be a lot of money going into those cars and even more money out of your pocket if you decide to buy one. we will see what the future holds for these cars.