the use of the technology that can read emotional expressions of students in a classroom would be extremly valuable. this technology would be so valuable because it would not only help teachers see when students are confused or lost but then the computer could modify the lesson to help the student learn the best way possible. plus this technology is active and working right now. the use of technology to read emotions would greatly benifit students. it would allow teachers to provide even more help when a student is struggling with the assiginment or the lesson. prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, has been working on a way for a computer monitor to read human emotions. dr. huang says that, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this would allow for every student to learn in the best way possible, because when their is only one teacher, that said teacher will only teach the lesson one way and expect everybody to learn it that one way. although in reality everybody learns differently, some students learn best through hands on learning while others may learn the best through seeing examples of how to do the disired task. the point is that, everybody learns differently and if a computer can modify each lesson to fit the learning styles of students, students would not only learn better and faster, they may also enjoy learning a little bit more. which would then help with attendance issues and people not wanting to go to school because it just being dumb or not fun. plus this technology is also already working and has been improved on. in making mona lisa smile, written by nick dalto in , says that, shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. dalto is refering to the mona lisa painting. these said percents,  percent happy,  percent disgusted, etc, were only able to be obtained through the latest innovation on a new computer software. keep in mind that the article was written in . with technology that can read emotions extremly well in , just imagine how much farther it can come in  years. the technology has been sure to have advanced, to it being even accurate. this would teachers to know what students are thinking and how they can help them or how the computer can modify the lesson for the student to help them learn in the best way possible. with technology becoming more advanced by the day, why not advance the technology in our classrooms to help benifit the students. the use of technology to read a sudents emotions would grealty benifit the student and if it is benifiting the student why not use it. if this new technology helps students learn better and faster wouldnt it be wrong for it not to be used. if this technology is available for schools, schools should invest it this technology to help the student learn faster and quicker.