i believe this idea of having self driving cars is not a good idea because, you have to be alert at all times while in this type of car, human skill is going to be needed at times while in these cars and because, its just simpliy a watse of time and money on the manufactuars part. in the story it talks about how self driving cars will change the world and all but, as i see it its all still the same as if you drove the car yourself. in paragraph two it clearly stats that the passanger in self driving cars still has to stay alert at all time just incase complicated traffic issuses are happining. what good does having a self driving car if you have to be alert with it as if you were driving the car yourself. on top of having to be alert at all times while in these cars. you as a passanger will be needed during complicated traffic issues and roadwork or accidents. i understand that these cars can only do so much as far as tachnology goes but, as i see it they really are not changing anything. in paragraph  it tells the reader that self driving cars can function up to speeds at  miles per hour but, what about if you are on a highway where cars usually have to go around  miles per hour what will the car do then? its pointless to continue with this research because, the things that the driver would want these self driving cars to do are not able to be done with these cars. just an example is most human drivers have hard curves and turns while driving self driving cars are not able to do this. this is why its just a waste of time and money. my last reason why i believe self driving cars are not worth the effort is because of the time and money that is being wasted with these cars. the story clearly states that they have been working with self driving cars since . its been  years in this process of making what is being called a driverless car and to be honest with you i am not seeing enough pros in this research to want to be on their side on wanting to develople self driving cars. on top of them being in this procees for  years i can not imagine the amount of money companies are wasteing with this process. i can promise that test drives for these types of cars are not cheap and in paragraph two is says that they have drivin more than half of a million miles with this self driving car. the only pro to that is that it has all been without accedent. who knows maybe in the future they will accomplish making a well developed self driving car but, as i said i do not believe this is a good idea. much more can be said with the proper imformation but, in the long run companies are just wasteing their time and money in making something that will take years and years to perfect and by then what good will it do. one mistake with the car malfunctioning and all their time work and money will be down the drain.