the author from the article the challenge of exploring venus supports the idea of studying venus because of these three reasons it has been three decades since anyone has visited, people are thinking of living there, and the last reason is because we can make new technology by trying to send it to venus. the author also states facts in the article. the first reason is that it has been three decades since anyone has visited. back in the s, people began making tests to see what was on venus. they were curious so people began sending spacecrafts. what is sad is that none came back. they stopped the research and forgot about it. it has been hard to study since the planet has a hot temperature. the planets surface is over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is about  times greater than our own planet. venus has the hottest surface temperature from any other planet in our solar system. the second reason is because people are thinking of living there. we should study about venus a lot more for this reason. venus has mountains, valleys, and craters. the planets surface is rocky. scientists say that venus might of been the only earthlike planet in our solar system. venus might be our only option for a visit. it is the second planet from our sun but it is really close to us. the last reason is because scientists are making new technology. they have sent many spacecrafts and all of them have failed. scientists want to take a step further and send humans up there. there have been small vehicles brought up there to see how many miles it can run and how long it will survive. scientists have to be really careful with what moves they make. any wrong move can affect the mission. they need to be alert because it is a big risk. the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. here are three reasons i found it has been three decades since anyone has visited, people are thinking of living there, and the last reason is because we can make new technology by trying to send it to venus. those are the reasons why we should study venus.