the author of the challenge of exploring space does a excellent job supporting the arugument that venus should be further explored. they did this by using research done by nasa, scientific projects, and even presenting challenge to the reader or audience. in pararaph  the author intoroduces an idea that nasa has made special products to explore the face of venus. the author says  imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiing venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a high altitude to fly over many storms, a vehice hovering over venus woud avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. this evidence helps convey the idea that the face of venus shoud further be explored because space experts have been working on it. similarly, in paragaph  the author intorduces a new idea that nasa has also been working on. electronics that can survive the harsh enviornment of venus. the author states for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this is another piece of evidence the author used well to support their agument that venus shoud be further explored because we have the ability. lastly the author proves her argument rigt because heshe presents a challange at the end of the article that makes you want to take action. the author says, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginaton and innvoation. this is the last sentence of the article and the writer did a very nice job using it as a challenge to face and a calltoaction. this sentence will make reasearchers accept the challenge, which will prover her argument correct. overall, the author did an excellent job of presenting the argument and being able to support it with different types of evidence and even a challenge. the method heshe used was very effetive and proved a point very well.