many people agree in abolishing the electoral college. electoral collage caused a dispute in the year . the electoral college is a irrational system and it should be banned. certainly the electoral college has some benefits. in the passage in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our sidpised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner the author states that the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of votes cast. with the electoral college there is no issue of a candidate getting the most votes, so there wont have to be any runoff elections. runoff elections complicated the election process. posner asserts that the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. it is because of this that the possibility of an argument over the outcome of an electoral college is lesser then an argument over the popular vote. although this is true, the people should have the say on who their president will be. the electoral college is a broken voting system that causes confusion and dispute. therefore, the electoral college should not be used as a way of voting for americas president. a key issue is that the candidate with the most popular vote does not have the certainty of winning. this is a problem because america can not have the leader she wants and deserves. bradford plumer from the article the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong argues that the electoral college causes  the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. if the people can not chose who they want as their leader then where is their freedom? plumer also states that the voters can not always control whom their electors vote for, we dont get to chose who the electors are voting for. this way the value of the peoples opinion is being diminished into nothing. the resonable solution to this problem is to just end the electoral college imidiatly. another factor is that the electors have to much power over the election. palmer writes that the electors could always defy the will of the people, the electors are the only people who have decent amount of power to chose a president. the people should have that kind of power. the author asserts that the electors  have occasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please, the electors are able to just change their mind when wver they like. the popular vote must decide on who should win. the future of america should depend only on the will of the people. the people has to finally stand up and fight for their right to chose their own president. in final consideration, the electoral college is unfair to the american people. we should have freedom to chose whom our countrys leader should be. the popular vote should stay and the electoral college should be banned once and for all.