marlenne m istep eng  part   february  dangerous and venus venus could be one of the best planets although its name is evening star and making it one of the brightest points of light in the sky. venus is reallly important to our scientists. venus out of all our planets looks more like our planet earth. meaning, it has a lot of characterists that earth has. although, venus seems like its the closest similar we have to earth, it is indeed dangerous. knowing that venus is really dangerous nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. as, i said in my previous paragraph venus has many characterists that are similer to earth. also, scientists actually believe that many years ago venus was covered largely with oceans and could supported various forms of life, just like earth. venus is actually referred to as earths twin. they both are extreme close to density and size. out of the all the planets scientists are really intrieged to discover new things on venus and maybe even find out what venus was like years ago. they can probably even prove their hypothesis that venus had oceans and various living things. dangerous isnt even the word for explaining venus. venus is the second planet from our sun. making it slighty challenging to examine more clsely. most people would think this is why we arent able to step foot on venus but venus has more diffcult problems then just being super close to the sun. as stated in the text,  earth, venus, and mars, our other planetary meighbor,orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. some humans have been sent to venus but never managed to stay alive. even though venus can be lifethreatening, our scientists wont give up. they are fascinated by venus. even today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. venus can sometimes be our neartest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. what this means is that scientists are looking further into second choices in case earth one day is ruined by something or even humans.that being said if venus is the the nearest option we have than nasa should try and do everything to be able to explore the planet venus. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. in conculsion, nasa will find a way for scientists to be able to study and even so make the planet venus livable. if nasa is working on some simplified electronics made of slicon carbide then of course one day humans will be able to even travel to venus. dangerous but never enough to stop our curiosity. earth should always have a second option incase something goes wrong, and if nasa believes that venus has life then i do believe so too. if they were able to get a man on the moon, then they will be able to study and explore venus no matter how dangerous it is.