many people believe having car usage is a problem. let me began, passengers cars are responsible of the greenhouse gas emissionsion in europe. also up to  in same carinstensive areas in the united states. after percents of nearrecord pollution driving ban to clear the air of the global city. diesel fuel blamed, because it makes up to  of vehicles causes smogdirt that comes out the exhaust pipe when you push the accleraler,avoided love affair with its vehicle seems to be cooling the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter the studies was made .adjusted population growth instead next year will be accomplished by citizens that come as all that wants there voice to be heard about the whole studies and ideas of carpooling .part of investments driven  percent because of cash neraly the decrease have changed. through out the year people began to start connecting there cars with the diesel oil company ,whichment may of them shared van services or either caught the bike shring program. many shift in the driving population suggest that the trend may accelerate. obervations have came to a conclusin on what should be made and how should people be able to get to work ,or school. studies made near members of the mobile congress last year excutive laid out came partening with the commericial and public transporation traffic are woven .thats when bill ford came out with his car the first ford the name of this segement was called smart planning,even families from foreign companies began to like the idea of buliding the first carinstaed of public transporation. the main focus runs through the development of the wandering children drown out and the chatter occasional distant motor. this idea completed  , along with the home. generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts. passengers cars are responsible of the gas emissions in europe. the , residents within a regular square mile, may be the most advanced concepts the diffculities in life with the less transporation,which stores are placed a walk away. while there have been efforts in the past two decaded to make to make cities denser ,and better for walking planners are now taking the concepts to the suburbs. there the most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life. but its basic precepts are being adopted around the worldin the attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accesibble. less depentable on carshow much drive?.either you refer to hybrid with spreadout homes and private were emissions choking cities. delivery companies complained of lost revenue while expections. the smog cleared monday for the ruling french party to rescind. it was the third straight year cars been banned with only buses and taxis. its a good opprtunity to take away. for the first time ,two other colombian. the turnout was large ,despite the gray clouds take away the dark clouds. municpal authorities fromother countries. the day without cars is part improvement campaign that began in bogosta. parks and sports centers city. uneven .pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad ,smooth sidewalks. the united states and surbaban americans love affair with its vehicles. the peeks of miles driven peaked in  and dropped analysis steadily thereafter,according to an investment advisor. as of april  ,the number of miles driven research. part of the explanation certainly lies because afford new cars,cashstrapped. americans could not go to work anyway.