cars have become an essential part of everyday life. they allow people to bring themselves from point a to point b in a substantially less amount of time than just walking, running, or biking. they have allowed us to travel parts of the world that were previously out of reach. although they help us do all of these everyday tasks, there are many downfalls to driving them ourselves. human error when driving a car has caused many severe accidents and deaths. this has influenced us to create a new method of travel where we wouldnt have to even install a steering wheel. driverless cars are not as far into the future as we believe and they are potentially a great solution to the high death rate of drivers and their families around the world. currently, the level of fuel consumption is very high. there are so many people burning fossil fuels that we are actually causing global warming. while driverless cars will not solve that problem completely, they will greatly reduce the rate at which we burn fossil fuels. paragraph  of driverless cars are coming clearly states that we will only burn half the amount of what we are currently burning of our fossil fuel supply. this could give us time to produce a new solution to completely rid the earth of fossil fuel usage. the burning of the ozone layer threatens the existence of our species and all life on earth. it is one of our greatest threats. with driverless cars, comes the lack of human error in our current transprtation system. by allowing machinery of this kind to take over, we could potentially eliminate a substantial amount of car accidents caused by distraction and inexperience, thus lowering the death rate. manually driven vehicles are also very expensive to purchase. most people only lease their cars which is also very expensive. by replacing these cars with driverless cars, you would pay much less money to travel than you would to lease or buy a car. by eliminating this expence, you are allowing people to save more of their hardearned money which will improve the quality of life for everyone. today, we have such a huge problem with fuel consumption and pollution that people in some highly populated areas are forced to wear masks outside so they dont breathe in the smog. this problem is mainly the result of the number of automobiles in use. people are also dying in automobile related accidents every day. when cars posses the capability to communicate with eachother about their position on the road, accidents ahead, or road work in progress, they will greatly reduce your chances of being injured in an accident. driverless cars are a huge step into the future and should be seen as a positive advancement to todays technology and a great way to stay safe on the road.