driverless cars should not be permitted. there are a few small problems that will become major issues if they are not fixed in due time. there are three main reasons why driverless cars should not be permitted. one of the reasons is when accidents occur people will not know who to blame the accident on because it could be the manufacturers fault or the drivers fault. another reason is there is not any information about how much money it would cost to create driverless cars based on the text. the final reason is the cars are not really considered driverless since the driver has to take control on certain occasions. if or when accidents occur, then who would be the blame? people would not know whether to blame the driver for the accident or the manufacturer of the car. people can claim that the driver is the fault for the accident because it looked like the car spun out of control, or people could say the manufacturer is the blame because it look as if the car was having technical difficulties. how much money will it cost to create the driverless cars? finding out how much money it would cost to create these driverless cars is a top priority. however, based on the information in the text, there is not enough information to determine how much it would cost to create the driverless cars. companies defintely need to look into that before spending lots of money on the creations of driverless cars. are the cars considered driverless since the driver has to take control of the car on certain occassions? if the car was driverless, then why does the driver have to take control while the car is backing out of a driveway? an acctual driverless car would be able to back out of an driveway and avoid accidents without a driver taking control. the driver also has to take control of the car if the car detects an accident on a road ahead. the driverless car should be able to steer right around the accident or should be able to find the shortest route around the accident without the driver having to take control of the car. driverless cars should not be permitted because if an accident occurs people would not know who to blame, there is not enough information based on the text about how much money driverless cars would cost, and the cars are not considered driverless since the driver would have to take control of the car on certain occassions like if the car detects an accident on the road ahead or if the car is backing out of a driveway. if manufaturers can fix these problems then driverless cars would not be an issue, but until then the driverless cars need to stay off the roads because there is very important issues that need to be fixed before people get hurt.