freedom to chose our leader is nothing more than an illusion. voters have absolutely no saying in who shall take their place on the presidential seat. this is what the electoral college does. it is an archaic system and unreliable system in which the whole of the presidential election is decided by the bias of the few whom are pledged to a certain party but at the end can choose whover the like the most. this is not the democracy we so dearly hold in our hearts like americans and it goes well against the principles our forefathers taught us as free pople. undeniably the electoral college negates any concept of the demcracy of america, making the impotance of the will of the people meaningless and nothing more than an illusion. deep into our history is the recaunting of how such a terrible system as the electoral college came to be. it was originally a setllement on the dispute of how the president should be ellected, either by the people or by congress. now the first option would have been the perfect one, but there are always those who would firts dei to loose their power to the pople of our contry. and the clash of interrest was so large it could have broken the nation in two as we have seen happened a few times in hidstory. as such a great many years have pased since this whole argument and at every election poeple are realizing the faults of this flawed concept. at its core the system is old and useless . it is the most antidemocratic idea ever to have been in practice abd one that still is in use. it overpowers the will of millions whith the will of a few hundred. that is why such a monster should be abolished. the year is . al gore and george w. bush clash for the seat in the white house. the election draws to an end and the votes are counted. there is a clear dicrepancy in the votes, making al gore the winner, and by all means, the next president of the united states of america. but somewhere else theres also a clear discrpancy. back at the electoral college the counting says bush won against al gore even though al had already won the poeple of america. on that election  pople choose the fate of an entire nation.  people only. such a thing is outrageous, and we are lucky it hasnt happened again nor more frequently. but thing is it shouldnt happen at all. thats ehy the poeple should choose insted of  whatstheirfaces. this endevour proves one thing and one thing only. unreliability . it is illogical that one wins the masses of the common citizens but looses because of five well dressed ones. the electoral college is a monster. a wild dice which at one moment can favor you and at the next one destroy you. this isnt how america works. nor is it how am