do you think driverless cars are safe?. because i dont i feel that theres to much technology put into the cars. i feel like the speeds are going to be to fast for the car to control its self. and if there may have been a crash there would be alot of fighting over whos fault it was the cars or the drivers. these new driverless cars will be relly updated with the newest technology.but lately technology has been having alot of back fires. these cars are going to need signal every where what if your going on a road trip and you lose singal will your car stop working?. what if your going at a very fast spped and your car just shut down on you your probably going to flip over crash or something and that not safe at all. that somethin these developers should think about. when your car is going at a low spped its easy to control. its so easy that you barley have to guide the wheel. but when your going super face you have to make sure that your stearing the wheel very good because if u lose control you will be in a very bad accident. the car can handle functions at speed up to mph see these cars can only drive  mph because its easy to control and take action if something where to happen. say road work ahead someone driving fast but when they update it and make them go faster its going to be harder to take action when it time to. say your driverless car is drivng and it loses signal and someone was crossing the street and you couldnt stop right away and you hit them whos fault is it. is it your or the cars will you get introuble or will the factory who made it get introuble?. thats a tough one huh. but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents what if yoour not paying attention an your car warnes you a lil to late. you cant stop right away then your going to be apart of that accident as well. and this is why i think that driverless cars are dangerous. theres to many things that can go wrong and i just wouldnt want to hear about a family who lost someone to a car who technology went wrong. and then the person who was driving being charged withe murder or something because of a car that had bad technology.