the planet of venus is considered to be a danger to humans given the conditions it is in. in the article  the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that depsite the dangers presented by venus, it would be a worthy pursuit to study the planet. the author helpfully establishes multiple key pieces of evidence supporting this claim such as venus may have once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, venus is the nearest option for a planetary visit, and trying to get to venus is considered a challenge that could help humans prepare for even more extremely challenging environments. in paragraph two, the author states often refered to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest distance too. this quote, along with this quote, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. showcase exactly how alike venus may have been to earth. this could be helpful in studying the possibilities of what may eventually happen to planet earth. not many planets are as close to earth as venus is and that is a crucial point when the amount of time space travel can take is taken into consideration. humans have accomplished and gained much knowledge about space travel since the race to space began. scientists have meticulously studied everything they could learn about space and can even estimate how much time it would take to travel to different places in space. this is crucial when you take into consideration how much time, effort, and money goes into space travel. with venus being so close to the earth, and all those factors taken into consideration, it seems to be an obvious and intelligent choice to make that humans should not give up on travelling and studying venus. more than anything, it would be a wasted opportunity. while the idea of being able to study venus seems daunting, perhaps it is only the lack of courage that is holding nasa back from doing it. curiosity is a natural thing that all humans are born with, and it never goes away. this is relevant because with curiosity, the gain of knowledge can go hand in hand with it. without curiosity, not even half of the things humans have done and developed would be possible. shying away from venus is doing more harm than good, and it will only serve to produce hesitancy at the sight of any challege. the author of the article the challenge of exploring venus, brings up many key points of evidence as to why venus should be explored and studied, despite the dangers of it. among those are, it is the closest planet to earth relatively speaking, venus is the closest distance, and the study of the planet venus brings up a unique challenge to the human race that backing down from would be detrimental. all of the key points supports the authors idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.