is it possible to explore venus? venus is known for having some of the harshest surface conditions of any planet in the solar system, so most would think exploring it would be impossible. that is not what the author of the challenge of exploring venus believes. the author does not believe it will be easy to explore venus, but does believe it is possible and worthwhile. additionally, the author provides multiple reasons for exploring venus with information to support them. the author of the challenge of exploring venus goes into great detail about the conditions and history of venus. they explain everything from how venus was nicknamed evening star to why it is so difficult to send probes to the surface that can function for long periods of time. they even delve into the theories that venus was once an ocean planet, like early earth. they list some of the many natural disasters that can occur on the surface of venus, such as earthquakes and eruptions. there are many hardships that would need to be faced in order to explore venus, but according to this article it is not only possible but worthwhile. the author also explains in the challenge of exploring venus many of the possible methods that would need to be used to explore venus safely. the author discusses many possibilites, such as having scientists float above the surface in a blimp. it may also be possible to send probes with more simplified electronics built with silicon carbide. of course, all of these pathways would require a great deal of research, effort, and resources. so is exploring venus even worthwhile? the author explains many reasons for why exploring venus is a good decision. first of all, venus is the closest planet to earth in the solar system. it would make sense for humanity to begin its exploration of space with earths closest neighbor. it is also possible that venus could have contained life at one point, since it likely once had vast oceans. venus has a vey similar topography to earth as well. the author supports all of these reasons with factual evidence in their article. exploring venus would no doubt have many major hardhips to overcome, but the author of the challenge of exploring venus explains perfectly why it is worth the effort. venus holds many secrets, and if humanity can discover them, who knows what could be possible? in their essay the author has many arguements for why venus should be explored with factual evidence to back them up.