with the future that we see and what we are bound to see ahead of us the evolution of technology is happening and is closer than you think. the modes of transportation now are much more advanced than what they were  years ago. in the past we have seen vehicles that back in the day were the next big thing, but now every year that goes by a big car company shows of the latest model of a new luxurios, sport, or even a family vehicle with the newest technological features such as sensors and cameras that will warn the driver of any danger ahead or behind the vehicle. many people have only dreampt of seeing the future of transportaion as driverless and inexpensive such as google cofounder sergey brin who believes that this would fundamentally change the world. google has indeed made cars that have driven independently, but are still under development. sebastian thrun, cofounder of the google car project believes that technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream of driverless, safe, and advanced car technologies. with futuristic technology advancements in vehicles such as the google modified toyota prius that uses positionestimating sensors, mounted video cameras, automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an internal motion sensor we can only imagine what we will see in the near future. antilock brakes, and motion sensors have been around for quite some time, since the s, but further improvements in sensors and in computer hardware and software are what is leading in making driving safer and allowing driverless vehicles to do more driving tasks on their own. antilock brakes and driver assistance isnt quite the driverless vehicles we dream of but it is one step closer to achieving that dream. bmw has been developing traffic jam assistant which with special touch sensors the vehicle makes sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. many cars can steer, accelerate, and brake by themselves, but all still need human skills in areas such as work zones and around accidents. the future is near and much closer than anyone has imagined with technological advancements in transportaion technology and newer vehicles being under development with much more advanced tech. by  mercedes benz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that will be driverless and independent. what we see now is just a glimps of what we will see in the future.