i think that the development on driverless cars is not a good idea. i feel that if we have more driverless cars, people would be more tired in the morning time and in the evening. many people, in the morning, drink or load up on coffee to help them stay awake while driving on the road. if we didnt have to drive our car, we wouldnt need to hydrate on these sugars, like coffee. we would all stay up every night and think since we dont have to wake up and drive in the morning , this isnt a bad idea. in the article driverless cars are coming, they state how humans not being behind the wheel when the car is driving is too dangerous. i agree with that statement because what if something strange were to happen, and all of a sudden the car was running out of gas and no one was there to fill it up. are the going to then design a car that fills up gas on its own? that could put a lot of buisnesss out of work. gas stations wouldnt necesarilly be needed anymore because no one would need to stop by. truck drivers who deliver gas in their trucks would be out of a job because no one would need the gas. they could then make the cars run on electricity, but that would mean more money toward everyones electric bill. another reason i beilive that humans not behind the wheel isnt safe, is that crashes would be more bound to happen. many people do not understand that when a person is behind the wheel they are more cautious they look out for what could or could not cause an accident. if i were to be driving and i were to notice a car without someone monitoring the steering wheel, i would be a little frightened. the car could be thinking that i am going to make a right turn, but really i am continuing straight, and the car could run right into me. who would then have to pay for the damages? me, or the car who was running all by itself? the idea of how safe the driverless car is, is very hard to beilive. in the article when they mention how the brakes will be on the steering wheel, and how montiors make sure that the person driving keeps ahold of wheel, makes you want to buy the car and see how much it helps. the thing i find hard to handle is how much the price of the car will be. this smart car is only going to make our human population more lazy, and less independent. if we spend the majority of our money on a car that will only drive us where we need to go without assistence, we are wasting our money. they make many nice cars, that are very safe, and capable of getting us where we need to be, without doing it all for us. when i think about how fast new products and developments are coming around in our world today, it makes me wonder how are we and our children later down the line going to survive in the world to come. everything being made in todays world is turing humans into couch potatoes. we all have easy ways to deliver things to people through mobile web, and social media. the last thing our world needs is a computer programmed car to drive us wherever we want to go. we should look at our products and try and use them to make our world better and less expensive. not to try and make our world and humans lazy, and less hard working.