technology is the biggest thing in our world today. technology is everywhere, its in our homes, work, and school. using technology in the classrooms has really help students. dr. huang has came up with a technology that helps read peoples emotions by looking at their face. using this technology in the classroom can really help students pay attention more, help them understand, and make the students have more fun in class. this technolgy would be valuable in the classroom. almost every student will get bored in class atleast once in their school career, and sometimes it is hard for teachers to know if their students are getting bored and not paying attention. most schools today have computers or laptops, by using dr. huangs technology the teacher can use the technology to see if their students are paying attention. if the results come back good then the teacher can move on, if not the teacher might want to go back and make the lesson more fun. school can be hard sometimes and might be hard for students to understand what the teacher is talking about. using the technology teachers can have their students hop on a computer or laptop and see if they are understanding the lesson. some students learn quicker than others so this would be a good way for teacher can see where all their students are at. this technology could make school more fun. students do not want to listen to their teacher talk all the time. so they can use this technology to help them in school. the technology can see if the student is confused, getting bored, or understanding the topic. if the student is confused the computer can make the lesson more easier, or if they are understanding it they can make the lesson more challenging. this could help students have more fun class too because they can use technology and using technology is always fun. dr. huages technology could really help students and teachers. the students would not be as bored and understand what the teacher is teaching. this could also help the teacher on how they need to teach the lesson. this technology would be valuable in the classroom.