in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author explains that despite all the danger trying to explore venus it will be worth it. he begins by explaining how in relation venus is in some ways much like earth. he then goes into detail on how venus at one point might have been much like earth. this theory is backed up by talking about the rocky terrain made by possible past oceans. the author then points out the dangerous tempatures and amout of pressure. then backs up the statement that it is do able to get close to venus from a distance because of the materials that are made to withstand the stresses. the author belives the sister planet should be discovered because of the terrain and possible past. he belives that because there were oceans and variations of life, so he then compares it to earth. the authors point is that  furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planitary visit.... although he belives that the conditions are too hard for humans to withstand but not, from a distance which would be amother challenge that could be solved. so the possibilities and the unknown of venus are worth the challenge. many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus this means many are wanting to know more about venus and with that being said more can become possible with the success of more innovations. the challenge of venus is so worth all challenges because knowing more about the sister planet can benifit science in ways many dont even know about yet. things such as photographs and samples may not beable to be taken now but it all comes with the challenge of venus. all in all knowledge about venus will be found and many aspects of it could be figured out. the things they could take from a trip to venus could even help scientist on earth dramaticly. so if at one point venus was like earth scientist could change the future of earth so that it does not become unlivable. venus could have all the answers to every problem with earth. earths future could depend on seeing our sister planet. also opening the minds of many to the endless possibilities of the science of earth and venus. this is why despite all challenges persuing venus is benificial.