the face? created by aliens or just a landmark? did you beieve that the unmasking the face on mars was just created by aliens. nasa has given us many reasons to believe what they say, and not many reasons for us not believe them. i am a nasa researcher and im telling you why the face is actually just a landmark. there are many reasons why the unmasking the face on mars is a natural land form. the first reason is that nasa took three different pictures, one picture was in  in the picture you cant really see anything. scientists just thought it was another matian mesa. at this time the cameras werent very d like. so how do we know its an actual face? the seacond reason it is a landform is because nasa sent another crew to take more pictures of the face. the crew took ten pictures that were sharper than the first one in . in this picture you start to see something appear. they even say when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing... a natural landform. people were not very happy when they heard it wasnt a alien monument. another reason is that they thought alien markings were being hazed. so, when they went back it was a cloudless summer. in the text they say each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. that is a huge difference from . what the picture shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or messa. if you really think about it though, how come they jumped to conclusions so fast? in the passage it says it would be a good way to engage the public to mars. wouldnt it just attract more people to nasa to though? in many ways there are more reasons to why this face is more of a landmark than anything. from the different years they took the years, to the landmarks being hazed. you could probably think of a lot of questions to ask nasa about the photos and what the scientists are saying, but until you go up to mars we will only know what they are telling us. which is that the face is a mesa. they clearly say many times in the passage for people to believe that they are not trying to trick you.