for many years, researchers have stared at the mona lisa. they have made countless observations and have even created this new technology that detects her emotions through facial recognition. creator prof. thomas huang has named this the facial action coding system. this may not seem very important in the outside world, but the use of facial action coding could be very beneficial in classrooms because it could understand the students frustration and confusion and would modify the lesson to better fit the student, counselors could use it ot help determine how a student is truly feeling, and it would help teachers better understand the students who rarely talk in their class. facial action coding could be benificial in classrooms because the technology could understand the students frustration and confusion and modify the lesson to better fit the student. in schools all around, students are starting to give up. they get too angry at their homework and decide that they dont want to work on it anymore. the problems dont changebut with the facial action coding system, the problems and even the lesson itself could change and become easier for the student. this would allow for the student to wrap their mind around the concept that was given to them. in the article, dr. huang states in paragraph , a classroom computer could recognize when astudent is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this quote tells its readers that that is what dr. huang wants this new technology to do. teachers have to follow a guideline and a lesson plan they have to be on track as to what the students are learning. dealing with almost fifteen to twenty students a class, the teacher cannot physically help a student oneonone all of the time. the facial action coding system, however, would be able to. making it more simple and more efficient for both the students and teachers. counselors could also use this technology. counselors could use the facial action coding system to determine how a student is truly feeling. when sitting in a counselors office, students may be tense or very nervous. whatever theyre in there for, the counselor will have to help that student. with the techonology, counselors could take one look at their face and find out whats bothering them if they are not completely open about it. the counselor would be able to find out if theyre sad, upset, scared, or just pulling their strings to get out of class. a counselors job is to make sure that the students on campus are mentally in check and are ready for the next school year with their classes and progress. when a student enters their office, the technology could sensor the student, making the counselors job easier and time efficient. when the counselor is done with the student, theyre sent back to class. the system could help students and teachers there as well. the facial action coding system may be useful to help teachers understand the students who rarely talk in class or are deaf. in paragraph , dr. huang makes a wonderful pointmost human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. in class, students will nod their heads when they agree or understand something that their teacher is presenting them with. but what if they dont nod? facial action coding could help the teacher understand that theyre going to fast or that the student is lost. the teacher would then be able to assist in further explaining the lesson or even trying to make the lesson more fun and exciting. there are some students who would rather sit in their desks, avoid being wrong, and wont ask questions because theyre too shy. this system would give the oppourtunity for students that were never given the chance. overall, the facial action coding system could be very useful in classrooms due to being able to modify and better fit the student based on their emotions, counselors being able to use it, and as well as letting teachers better understand students who are either deaf or rarely talk. facial action coding may only progress, and progressing it shall.