there are many advantages and many disadvantages of limiting car usage. car usage may not be entirely good or bad but we do it anyways. in in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal it speaks of how in germany life continues to stay without cars being around. in paris band driving due to smog by robert duffer he speaks of how paris has limits on not to drive during the smog because it can cause damage and can crucially effect many people in paris themselves. in carfree day is spining into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky, he speaks of columbia rules and regualations and car information. these passages provide valid information of how the car expectation rules and regulations in areas succeed. when you hear germany you think of a place where everyone doesnt want to be, but were not hear to talk about that. in vauban germany street parking, driveway parking and home garages are generally forbidden in this new distrcit on the outskirts of freiburg. in fact,  of vaubans families do not own cars, and  sold a car to move there in the first place. automobiles are the linchpin of surburbs,or middleclass families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes, which is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. there has been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser and better for walking because there is only , residents within a rectangular mile in vauban. overall they are trying to improve the growth of vauban vehicles to run normally. paris the place we know as a symbol of the eiffel tower is great of course but not when there is smog around. paris enforced a partial diving ban to clear the air of the global city. almost a good , drivers and motorists were fined because they were caught driving in the smog so they were fined with a euro or  dollar fine for doing so. as time ticked in paris, cold nights and warm subtle days caused the warm layer of air to trap car emissions so theyre was no point in driving anyways. no worries because paris typically has more smog than other european capitals. a few days later the smog cleared up and people were able to drive without being ticketed or givin a fine, everything went back to normal and were no troubles. ever think of having a day where nobdy was allowed to use a car that day? in bogota columbia there is a program where nobody is allowed to use a car but they can hike, walk, skate, take buses but not use a car in any form. it was the third straight year in bogota where cars were banned from the streets but only buses were permitted for good transportation. they do this because they want to try and stop pollution because they think there is to much pollution in the air which their is so they can help prevent it early on in so the air wouldnt be bad air. as a small effect of not doing this program gray clouds dumped heavily amounts of rain showers on bogota. this is a good leading cause to society and air pollution because parks and sport centers have been hit on the market as top rated because people chose to choose the safe route and do themselves a better duty. overall these rules and regulations between the areas is a very good help for our earth and keeps it safe. the more people that not use cars and drive on smog days will lessen the amount of air pollution in our air. there has been many campaigns to whether or not to keep this system running in some parts of the world and many representatives do take this in to consideration and learn. soon we hope for a vast majority of the world to be taking these world problem in a more mature manner and save many people that will born in the bear future to have less air pollution hurting innocent people.