the message coming from these four passages is that with the amount of driving its causing what some say smog. the smog is caused by the amount of cars, all the exhaust is bad for the air. in the first passage, second paragraph it states that some people gave up there cars. theres not a lot of driving and theres only two places to park, a large parking garage at the end of the development and if someone buys a space for , which comes with a home. in the second passage paris bans driving due to smog they enforce a small ban on driving to clear the air of the city. during the couple of day that this occured , people were fined for  for not leaving there cars at home, along with the  people who had their car impounded for their reaction to the fine. after five days of no cars, the smog in the air had decreased. after about a week the smog had cleared enough for them to clear the ban. in the third passage carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota it says they went three years with only taking buses or taxis for the day without cars in a city of  million. if people drove cars they were fined just like the people were in paris, only in bogota it was a  fine. some people in the city of bogota state its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. new places have been built, old things were made new in this city, it seems to be a better place there. in the last passage the end of car culture it talks about the driving and the cars in the us. studies show that americans are buying fewer and fewer cars, less driving, and less people are getting their licenses as the years pass by. since  the number of miles has been dropping year after year. many sociologists believe that if this type of pattern continues it will have benefits for the carbon emissions and for the enviorment around us. as you see there are many differnt things going on around the globe that have to do with the amount of driving and how its not entirely good for earth. in some cities the amount of smog has decreased, some cities have become better with new buildings and things that were rebuilt. in one of the cities people enjoy the carfree days it relieves stress in people and helps clean the air of their enviorment. there are many different ways that limiting car usage is an advantage to us. less stress, cleaner air, and a better enviorment.