although the usage of motorized vehicles such as cars and motorcycles still remains at large, there is a significant amount of the global population that have realized the advantages of limited automobile usage. cars and other diesel or gasoline dependant vehicles emit large amounts of greenhouse gases, which eventually lead to the progression of global warming. not only this, but whether we notice it or not, cars and the spaces that are required to house cars take up valuable space that we can use for agriculture, the stimulation of the economy through the purchase of goods, even for progression of our education. the using of motorized vehicles is not something that should be banned by suburban life, but it, like its predecessor the transportation means by horse hauling has started to become obsolete. as shown by vauban, germany, a community in which the usage of cars is virtually nonexistant, the extinction of car usage is something to be welcomed like a weight being lifted off the responsible shoulders of your average driver. driving is not only a what is now viewed as a necessary activity for daily living, but it is also a hazardous chore that we as common citizens must place on ourselves on a borderline daily basis. when driving, we are subjecting our safety to the hands of chance, leaving our lives suseptible to being taken from us by an irresponsible driver, someone who we will most likely never cross paths with again. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, says a member of the carfree community heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two. aside from health related deaths, death by car accident is not something that is unheard of, it is actually one of the top theives of life found in the united states alone. it is estimated that a death of a teenager ages  resulting from a car accident happens every  seconds. without cars to drive, there would be no way these accidents may occur. within the last century, the rate of global warming has skyrocketed in an almost terrifying way. the natural process that would normally take several millenia to take place without the interference made by humans has been nearly cut by threequarters with the technological advancements that we as a species have made. in three of the four sources, it has shown that the emissions made by fossil fuel dependant vehicles have been the biggest contribution to the advancement of global warming. it is even shown in the article written by robert duffer that even a partial ban of car usage in paris was able to reduce the amounts of smog there significantly. in two of the articles, it has been shown that with the reduction of car usage, the space that was once consumed completely by these motorized psychological traps can be used to further flourish our enviornment with shopping malls, schools, parks and health centers that are readily available to us. although we may not notice on a regular basis, but the amount of space that is used to give drivers a place to drive and to give cars a place to inhabit is more than likely bigger than the amount of space that we give an average citizen to live in. in vauban, germany , residents are able to live within a rectangular square mile, whereas a majority of that space in a place like miami, florida would be made vacant in terms of living, but prosperous in terms of space taken up by cars. in bagota, columbia as a result from their yearly carfree day has increased their amount of publicly availabel park and sports center, and have also improved the sidewalks that are readily available to its citizens. physical activity has always been promoted, since we were small children who are incapable of driving. some would say that we were conditioned to view exercise as the best alternative to driving, and it turns out that our conditioning has been proven as fruitful. within the last several years, the amount of miles driven per person has decreased by nine percent as shown in the article written by elisabeth rosenthal, the amount of those looking to receive their drivers liscense has also decreased. this is not because the generation of millenials has viewed driving as something not to their interest, but because we are conditioned to not want to partake in it. even if our conditioning was not intentional, it has proven fruitful in terms of the improvement of our awareness of both human lives and the enviornment. both cars and driving are making their way to ineffeciency, and that is not a bad thing. the lack of cars on the road is something to look forward to, both for our ability to look forward to new technological advancements in transportation and for our longevity as a species.