imagine the ability to percieve every single emotion of another person, recieved in short and direct percentiles. this will now be possible thanks to the latest innovation in software development by prof. thomas huang and prof. nicu sebe. this new computer software will be able to contruct a d model of ones face and analyize major facial muscules and the emotions that they convey. this is used along with facs, facial action coding system, which codifies the facial features into the six basic emotions of happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. all of this information is complied and then you reviece results. this techonology has been predicted to assist students in classrooms who struggle with a certain lesson. doctor huang says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this does seem promising, but i propose that this techonology would not be as beneifical as it seems and will only further alienate our society, end up being only used to make profit, and exasterbate stimatization of mental disorders and wrong emotions. today we are blessed with technologies science fiction of the past could not even dream of and yet we are still faced with the same psychological neurosis of the past. on a large scale technology has seemed to exasturbate this problem, we are lonely, we are guilty about the past and anxious about the future. before we would do anything to be liked by our peers, but now we will do anything to be liked by the thousands of blank profiles on social media. this does not diminish the adcances in science, computers, and the now easy access to information we have but technology always brings with it amazing powers but also terrible consequences and we must use it responsibly, in the artile making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, it says in face, we humans perform this same impressive calulation every day. for instance you can tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. our human brains are just as powerful as the machines we create. we do not need artificial software to bring us together we only need to encourage and foster a society of empathy and compassion. the use of this emotionrecognition technology in classrooms would not be effective if teachers and instuctors are not already avaliable to address such issues as demotivation, boredom, and more extreme cases of mental disorders. we can make genuine connections in the real world to solve these problems instead of expensive new technology. schools may not be able to even afford them, but others might. others might use this techonology for less admirable means than classroom disinterest. the article states other uses, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this does not seem as nefarious if you do not think of the further consequenses. privacy is becoming a scarce commodity in the twentyfirst century, as i type this companies and corporations are making money selling my and your personal information to thridparties. in todays society, money is the sole drive for success. this type of emotionrecognition software would be less likely to be used in classrooms and more likely to be used to sell more stuff. in conclusion, this techonology could only be used in a regulated and safe environment in order for it to be effective. the consequenses of this technology would be an increased of alienation and the malpractice of this technology. one day this technology might become widespread but before than happens it is even more important for one to address the societal impact technology has already had on us and foster a society of compassion where this technolohy would thrive.