how do we know if are feeling are real or not? when something happens to a person that is negitive. that person usall has a hard time getting though it. they try and hid there emotions for the people around them. that is there choice some people are quit and do not like to talk about there feeling and other like to open up and talk. it would be wrong if this system came out and is would show others how people are reallly feeling. instead of the facial action coding system showing our feeling it would be taking are feeling away in a sense. this facial action coding system is showing up everywehere, in classrooms, in the theathed and around the house. people can never hide for there true emotions. how this works in a classroom. a computer in a classroom can reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored. and his advance technology can change the lesson and make the lesson essaier so the kids can understand it. this is wrong becasue if a kid does not get something they usally raise his or her hadn and asks a question. kid would not do that becasue the computer is just changing it for them. the kid would lose a lot of people skill. which are very importan to learn as a kid. where is the teacher, does this system just replace the teachers all over the world. or do we still have them and the computers just tell them what to teach and what to said. this system could make the kids very self contes too becasue the system is just telling the kids that they do not understand it and that they need the information to be dumbed down for them. this system does not belong in a classroom. people use this while looking in a mirror because they want to know if looking in a mirror suggest an a emotion. this system says that the musculs in our face know the different between a genunie smaile and a forced one. why does it matter a smile is a smile. the only people that would be able to tell the differnce are the people that you are really close with. people that do not know you would not even care about your emotions. the system is pointless people have the right to hide there emotions. and if they want to share them witht the people that they are cloase to then good for them. this system should have be used when you look at yourself in a mirror. you personal should know what your emtionsa and feelings are. people use this on stage actors use it to make more emotion on stage. and again why do we need this. if you are a weel tought actor you should not need a mechain to make emotions or faces for you. the hole point of being an actor is becasue you are good at expressing you feelings. how do the comman people know if the person is a good actor if these meachines are making their faceal expressions. this system is unneed in the arts the actors are capale of making there own faces and emotions. why do we need to know the percents of emotions. do some people really care that much that they need to make it a math . it is very unhealth to make every little thing excat. not everythiing is perfect nor will it ever be. our emotions should not become a math proble. becaue the only person that can truly solve it is yourself. emotions can be all over the place but that is apart of life. and if we had a system to make every little emotion perfect, then how would we learn. how would we know what hurt feels like how would we deal with that hurt. maybe this system tells you that your  happy  hurting. it makes your think that is right. thats how you really feel, computers can not tell you how to feel. i feel like this system is telling you how to feel. when the people used the video imagery to see what the peainting would look like with a smile. that was okay becasue they were just seeing they were not changing anything perimatal. when you do soemthignfor fun to see what it looks like that is okay. but when you start to make it real. that is what is wrong making our emtions a math problam, telling us how to feel, and what emotions to feel when we are look in the mirror. that is not okay its wrong, you have to let us learn for our emotions in order to change them for the better. if we are sad then find somehting to make us happy. if we want to be alone let us be alone. let use be human and feel are own emotions.