in  nasa captured a picture of mars with the viking . this photo was taken of a martian mesa which resembled a human face. when this was shown to the public, people went crazy. people said that it was created by aliens, but others say it was just a landform on mars. for my evidence that this photo is in fact a normal natural landfrom on mars. we shall compare the dates these photos were taken. when viking  first took the picture of the face we werent able to see all of the details. remember at the time photography wasnt as superb as it was in . in  when mgs took the picture of the face we were able to get a clearer product, but there were clouds in the way. if those clouds were not in the way we would have evidence it was a landform sooner. at the perfect time nasa was able to get a clear photo with better technology we were able to see the face for what is really was. at the time conspiracy theorist said that nasa was hiding the truth from the public saying that life on mars did exist, but they were relunctant to show it. even if they did find life on mars it would be a huge scientific discovery. why would we be forced to hide the truth from the people and not answer the biggest question in history. are we alone. just to add on, these conspiracy theorist did not have enough evidence to prove their claim either. now this ties in with my first claim of technology at the time. if you compare the photo from  and  you can see a major difference. shading. in the voyager s photo the lighting is not the best. shadows in the photo make the illusion that there is a face in this rock. in mgss photo there are features that are more defined than the  photo. even though it would be amazing to have life this close to our planet. mars is not just the right place for life. sometimes we just have to accept reality. we may really be alone here in this huge universe. maybe someday we will find aliens. maybe not. the face of mars gave hope to some and brought them back down, but there will be a day when our visions of extraterrestrials will come true.