a cowboy who rode the waves you should join the seagoing cowboys program. its a lot of fun and you can do most of the things you thought youd never do. i will give you four reasons why you should come join the seagoing cowboys program. the first reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys program is that you can help people in different countries. i will give you two examples why. first example is that you can go overseas and give countries horses, young cows, and mules. the second example is that you can itll show your personality and people will like you more. the second reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys program is that you can travel a lot. theres two examples for this reason too. first example is that you can go to like europe and china and other places. the second example is that while your working, you go to all of these different places that you never to before. the third reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys program is that you might have free time to go different spots in that country. here are two examples for this reason. first example is that you might go to a gift shop and get you some things to take back to your country. the second example is that you can go look at the things that you might wanted to see but never did. my fourth and final reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys program is that it might change your life. here are two more examples for this last reason. first example is that you might have thought your life is boring and this was one of a lifetime chance to go to this program. the second example is that you might go to this program and then realize that you want to start joining more and more of these or different kind of programs because it was fun to you. those were four reasons why i think you should join the seagoing cowboys program. i suggest that if you ever get this kind opportunity, you should go try it out because you never know what it could be like. it might change your life or have great adventures for you. they might even do both of those things if you think about it. i know i would want to do this if i had the chance to. so if you get this opportunity, just know that it might have some great things for you in life afterwards.