driverless cars are still in the development stage because companies need to figure out all of the details they need. some cars in the past arent driverless, but they were smart cars. smart cars had extra features that were specially made for them. automakers are still in the progress of making their driverless cars for the future. some companies have already started their ideas and are planning to release them in  or . my position on driverless cars is that its a good and bad idea. driverless cars have amazing features that can help a driver in need. smart cars also helped out drivers, but not with everything they needed. driverless cars can be dangerous in some ways, because of the way theyre made or the features that are included with them. automakers have many ideas to include with their driverless cars, but they need to make sure theyre safe. none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. driverless cars need to include human skills if they want to pass as a safe car to use. there are many good ideas that driverless cars can include. some good ideas are they drive themselves, use half the fuel of todays taxis, give alerts to the driver during dangerous situations, sensors, and other amazing ideas. the main idea that is included with the driverless car is that it drives itself. drivers wont have to worry about having both hands on the wheel because the car will take that over for them. another good idea is using less fuel so that means less pollution and less money coming out of peoples pockets. driverless cars will also give alerts and sensors dangerous situations that are approaching the car. automakers are adding and developing new ideas to add to the driverless cars to improve them better. safer and smarter cars will help the driverless cars become more popular to use. there are many bad ideas that driverless cars can include. some bad ideas are dangerous situations, lose control of the car, technology failing, or manufacturing errors. an accident can occur in front of a driverless car and it may not react fast enough to get out of the way. a driverless car makes the driver lose control of where they want to go or what they want to do. technology can fail on the road and other drivers can get injured, including the driver inside of the driverless car. before someone purchases a driverless car, there can be a manufacturing error included in it. a driverless car can be very dangerous to use and can cause problems. in conclusion, driverless cars are good and bad for people. driverless cars can also help the environment, but they can also ruin it with dangerous situations. people should look closely into buying a driverless car because many things can go wrong. in my opinion, i wouldnt buy a driverless car because of manufacturing errors or environmental issues. i would rather drive a car in my control so i know what to look out for and keep my attention on the road. driverless cars would be a cool thing to have, but im not into the things that they include.