driverless cars, yay or nay? driverless cars are a step towards the future, but is it a step worth taking? driverless cars would reduce the actual knowledge of driving from the new generation. actual experiance behind the wheel would be reduced greatly, therefore limiting the drivers ability to react to life threatening and potentionally harmful situations on the road. not only that but the amount of money needed to fund a driverless public transport system would make one faint. another question needing to be said is what about the old normal cars? what are we going to do with all the cars that cannot drive without an operator behind the wheel at all times? for all these reasons and more, i say no to driverless cars. would drivers licences even be nessecary anymore? the car would be driving ninetynine percent of time, so what would be the point? new drivers would have little to no time to actually drive. driverless car are a step toward a future of laziness because we have the technology to do just about everything we do normally in our daily lives. if there is an accident happens, how would you avoid it? you have have little to no knowledge on how to run an actual vehicle. accidents would be unstoppable. that is an unnessecary risk for human life. how much would it cost to actually make the  fleets of driveless cars? my guess would be around in the high billions. america cant really fund such a high cost, low income project. if we asked for help from other countries it would put us in even greater debt than we are in now. what would happen to all of the old cars? there would hardly be room with and army of driverless cars that correct normal human error. no ability to pass other car brcause the would follow a pattern of organization. almost like single file, no one passes other cars because the all go the same speed. would all the old cars be srapped because they would be unusable? the ideas of driverless cars would appeal to many people, especially those who hate driving because it takes work. texting while driving would be off no concern to anyone, because the car does everyhting for them. many would feel that it is a step into the future. it is technically a move towards the future technology wise, but would limit us in the end. it is one of those plans that sounds better when said than when it is put into play. driverless cars are a good idea in thought but not in action. the cars themselves would cost too much for how many that are planned to be made. it limits your actual experiance behind the wheel and make you more likely to be hurt in the event of a car crash because you didnt know how to respond properly. driverless cars are an idea that i do not support and dislike. they are not a step into the future but a push towards laziness.