i am against driverless cars. i feel this way because they will cost to much, there would be loss in jobs in the bmv, and if it cant get around roadblocks then why whould they be a good option. firstly the cost of driverless cars would be greater than normal cars now with all of the maitenence and the cost of aquaring the car. if something were to go wrong you would need to go to someone who specilizes in those types of cars. all of the hightech gadgets in the car would cost way to much to replace. ot only the cost but what about the people who make a living off of making normal cars. secondly there are millions of people around the world that rely on making, and maintaning cars that would be put out of enployment because they wouldnt know how to get all of the gear into the car let alone up keeping them. also people who make a living on making sure people know how to drive a car would be or of a job because no one would be interested in driving the would just let the car do it for them. the cars wouldnt be able to manuver around rodeblocks and accidents so whats the use for a car that doesnt know how to manuver around natural events. finaly natural occurences will happen and us as motorisses would need to know how to manuver around them. imagen youre driving down a country road at night when all of the sudden boom a deer walks out onto the road its already hard enough to avoid a deer when us as people are driving and even then we reduse our speed greatly when it happens so if we were to hit that deer the inpact wouldnt be that dangorous. what would the car do keep going at the same speed? if it does that one dear could kill who knows how many people in the car along with destroying the tech that comes along with it. another situation would be what if there is a natural disaster like a hurricane and the city or town is evacuating now lets say that there was a crash along the way and the cars dont know how to get around it, but nether do the people driving because they have relied on the cars to do the driving no one would be able to escape the city before the hurricane because they had developed a relience on the cars. these reasons are why i personaly thing that driverless cars should be kept in hollywood and in books because the cost would be to high, jobs would be lost in manufactoring and upkeeping of the cars, and if the cars couldnt get around an accident or construction what good would it be.