driveless cars are coming. through the passage it has stated that companies are working on building cars that drive by themselves. i feel that this idea of driverless cars are somewhat pleasing. in  google created cars that drove more than a million miles with crashing some people cant even drive to the store without crashing or almost being in one. the idea of driverless cars to me is appealing. my reasonings for this is because now a day people are way to distracted while driving and are less careful. through the advancements in technology adults and teens spend a lot more time looking at their phones than on the roads. most accidents these days are caused from people being unware of whats in their surrounding areas while driving. my father has always told me that when driving down just looking in from of you keep your eyes on your surroundings, because are reckless behind the wheel this generation. what my father told me is true. today if you were to be driving you wouldnt be suprized to see someone either talking on their phone or texting, because people are reckless and feel that since theyre in a vehicle they will be safe, or that if something was to happen that could instictly grab control of the wheel and avoid the collision. another i feel that driverless are a good thing is because of the weather. i the state that i live in the weather could be sunny and warm for one day then you look at the news for a follow up weather report and within two days its cloudy with a eighty percent chance of snow. weather conditions can get very bad and hard to manuver in so a car that has been designed to detect the danger of outofcontrol skids and rollovers would be a huge safety advantage. also, with the upgrade in sensors cars would be able to aplly brakes on idividual wheels and reduce the power from the egine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. in the passage is states that some people questioned why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?. to what ive observed through the years people what new advancements especially in vehicles. in the past before turning signals drivers would put their arms outside of the windows. not to long ago if drivers werent sure how to get somewhere they used a map, now all they have to do is tell their siri in the car where they what to go and siri looks it up and puts the directions into the gps. the main idea of what im saying is people strive for change especially change that makes their live easier so when driverless cars are actually on the roads everyone will get used to it justy like how when cars were first invented people had to get used tpo driving.