do you know how smart a computer is, or how efficient it is compared to the human brain? you cant even compare the two, its just not an even fight. now when you put it into perspective, human error has made car crashes one of the leading cause of death today. so im in firm belief that driverless cars is not only safer, more effiecient but would be the future to cars. first not only has a computer controlled car never taken a life, but it has never crashed. now the word never is a bold word since not everything is certain, but the calculation and sensors of a computer controlled car has made the driveless car never crash since its debut in  as said in paragraph  google had cars that could drive indepnedently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than half a million of miles without a crash,.. how fast do you think is your reaction time? and do you do well against pressure? well if you are driving, countless situation like these would soon come your way. now if you were a computer, your reaction time is a blur and you have no pressure to worry about. as stated in paragraph   .. those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out ofcontrol skids or rollovers. in those situation, people would just brace themselves and pray for low medial bills after the accident. now if the driverless car drove, these things can be avoided endlessly. second, driverless cars are more efficient. theres just no other way to put it. as stated in paragraph  ...would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. you ask where is the logic to that? well, humans tend to speed up and slam their brakes constantly while driving. but with a driverless car, all they would need is calculation. imagine a world where there are just full of driverless cars. if they are all controlled by computer and have the same calculations, most traffic jams would be resolved. . not only would there be no hassle but it would be safer, and much more convienient for everyone. last, it had stated in paragraph  the following the psychological aspects of automatin are are really a challenge, we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. what that means is if and only if this driverless car is perfected, and it would need support, not only would you be able to watch your favorite show on the way to work, but it would revolutionize the way we spend our time. since due to constant driving, and traffic, we spend so much time on the wheel. if we take that out, we would have countless hours of free time! in conclusion, i think driverless cars are having a bad name since it is not fully driverless. but there is no doubt is it so much safer. as the cofounder of on the most influential company google sergey brin stated in paragraph  he believes such cars would fundamentally change the world so if the driverless car would get more support and have more funds in its developement, it would be safer, more efficient and is the the future to cars.now if we didnt have to drive anymore and the driverless car was pefected, what would you spend your time on?