according to the article making mona lisa smile, the author nick dalto decribes the new technology called the facial coding system which enables computers to evaluate and identify human emotions. the facial coding system should be used is classrooms all around the world. it would enable to modify their teaching methods. first, the author describes how the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. the article it states that  the process begins when the computer constucts a d computer model of the face. the author descibed what the computer has to do first to be able to evaluate a face. the text also states that new computer software store similar anatomical information as electronic code. this is another way the facial action coding system uses code to evaluate emotions. second, the benefits of having a computer that uses technology to read the emotional expressions of students. the article states that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this could help teachers modify the lesson the help the students learn the lesson without getting confused or bored. the article also states that most human communication is nonverbal. this shows that when a student is bored or confused the student is unlikely not to use word but they are mostlikely to use nonverbal cues. such as putting thier head on the desk. third, we as people can tell when a freind is sad, happy, or mad. the text states that most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait. that is one reason why classrooms shuold have the computers to identify human emotions in class. the text also states that we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. however we might not always be able to convey the correct emotions. inconclusion, the facial action coding system should be use in classrooms. there are student that get bored and then dont understand the topic. when a student doesnt understand the topic the student fails the test over that topic. therefore with the use of the facial action coding system shuold be used in classrooms all across the world.