humans tend to think of only the present and not the future. we sometimes only focus on immediate comforts and dont think about how are decisions now will affect our kids and grandkids in the future. yes, cars are amazing right now. they give us a kind of freedom that is unparalled. but at the same time they hurt the enviroment which hurts not just our future but our present also. imagine not having a car. i can hear all the gasp now but really think about it. not having to worry about spending half your paycheck on gas. yes gas prices are down but for how long. without cars you also wont have to worry about spending hundreds of dollars to fix it up when it breaks down. but best of all, not having a car will definetly have positive effects on your enviroment. i have lost count on how many times my father has complained and stressed out about gas prices and the amount of money it takes to fix up his car when it breaks down. admitedly gas prices are down. lower than theyve been in a while. but how long will that last before its back to . for a gallon of gas. and i am sure you could find something better to do with  than spend it fixing a transmission. whatever that is. not having a car releases stress. soccer moms are the last person you would expect to give up there cars but in vauban, germany, a car free town that is exactly what heidrun walter has done. she is a media trainer and a mother of two and she said when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. if she can do it we can do it. a lot of towns and cities are doing things like car free day. which is where for that whole day everybody walks or uses their bikes and the only motor vehicles on the road are buses and taxis. in paris, the smog level was so high, higher than beinjin, china, that authorities banned the used of car on the roads for a while in an effort to reduce the smog level. people who didnt follow the ban were fined  dollars. in bogota, columbia though it was more of a choice for the people to give up their cars. millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated ot took buses to work during a carfree day yesteday, leaving the streets of capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. said andrew selsky of the seattle times. this is a program that is being spread to other contries. the goal of this program is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. although there was gray clouds let loose rain showers now and then it did not stop the huge amount of participants. after three years two other colombian cities joined the event. the mayor of asuncion, paraguay said there people are generating a revolutionary change and this is crossing borders.