what most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two or three years before the downturn,said michael sivak. when people hear this they automaticly think oh no!or this is not good news. in reality its the complete opposite thats fantsic news .less people buying cars are not just better for the earth but better for the person their self too. less car uses could reduce three major things,one being a persons health .when i had a car i was always tense .im much happier this way ,said heidurn walter. when it comes to car most people worry about the most simplist things like when should they go to get their cars checked or it breaking down the road who should they call or what should they do .if you dont own a car or take the bus or even car pool more you wouldnt have to worry about that. less car uses takes stress out your life. not only stress but it could give you the oppertunity to be healthier. if you chose walking or rideing a bike every once in a while it gives you the opertunity to be healthier and more active. not using cars as much not only takes stress off your life and gives you the opertunity to be healthier  it saves you money too. each year the gas prices go up and everyday citizens find it hard to pay for it .transportion is the second largest source of americas emissions. also ,using less cars can save you up to a million in money each year. in bogota,colombia every year they have a car free day where they either hike,bike,or take the buss to where ever they need to go and this alone helps communtiy and its enviorment. helping it clear the air of the global city. futhermore,speaking on the enviorment cars are one of the biggest reason for air pollution today. this makes it hard for people to see also for people to drive in .in beijing ,china it is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. beijing traffic  percent was downfor five days due to the intensifying smog they had .this showes how just by driving cars can ruine the enivorment by not only ruining the air but also stop people from seeing what is going on around them also. one should not give up driving a car completly ,but should reduce its uses. this can help you save money,be in better health ,and also help the enviorment by keeping the air clean. also,there are many ways to do so ,and you still have the chance to get to where you need to be examples are busses,walking,car pooling,or even rideing a bike. reducing car uses saves you money, but also keeps you heathly. so next time you get in your car think about a new way you could get from point a to point b.