with the new discovery of new technology called the facial action coding system facs, many people argue whether or not this is vaulable to the students of a classroom. this new technology enables a computer to identify human emotions and improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. with much research done by professionals, this new emotionreading technology would be valuable and effective in reading the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. as a student learning in a classroom, one of the most important things is reamining focused and obtaining all of the information that is being given. in order to receive the right education, it is vital that a lesson does not bore or confuse the person learning or else they will not fully understand what is being taught, and that is not good. with the help of the facial action coding system, according the prof. thomas huang, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. the computer can then modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor in order to make what is being taugh more understandable. with the computer technology, students can receive an education with a learning method that is specific to them. instead of a student being bored or confused and losing focus while learning a lesson, the facial action coding system can now modify what they are being taught in order to make their education more effective and specific to them. dr. paul eckman, the creator the facs, has classified six basic emotions in which the computer can analyze these emotions include happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. by identifying one or more of these six emotions in a student, this will help the computer revise a lesson that would best fit the students needs. with this new technology, the computer will be able to detect if a student is fearful of the new material being brought their way. as predicted by dr. huang, this can help modify the lesson so the student becomes more comfortable with what they are now learning and less fearful. with the help of this computer program, it can also detect anger in a student whether it be at themselves for not fully understanding the material or at the lesson for not teaching it in a way that best suits the student this will let the computer know that it needs to change the way it is teaching the lesson in order to help benefit the student. if a student shows the emotion of happiness, it will let the computer program know to continue the lesson as it is. with this new technology being able to detect six basic emotions, this will help the computer program facs to modify the lesson in order to benefit the student with their education and make it easier to understand the students frustration. with classrooms around the world becoming more technologically advanced, this new computer program will help many students with receiving an education that is specific to them and will help benefit their learning experience. although this can only be used to read the emotions of a student, it can still be very valuable in a classroom. the facs can read the emotions of a student and can, according the professional dr. huang, modify a lesson in order the suit the needs of the student. this can be very beneficial to the education of a student since the computer program can detect when they are not understanding a lesson and can then change the lesson the benefit the student. with the computer program being able to detect six basic emotions, this makes it easier to help the computer understand exactly what the student is feeling when learning new material this can help understand a students frustration or happiness of the lesson they are learning. with all of the research done by professionals and evidence shown, the use of the facial action coding system to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom can be valuable.