in the article driverless cars are coming the author covers many points and facts about driverless cars. the author speaks about the advantages and disadvantages of the introduction of these cars. the author also speaks about the major companies making these cars from google to nissan. nontheless driverless cars could prove to be unsafe, epensive, and have to many negative possibilites. these negative tradeoffs out weigh the possitive tradeoffs thus showing that introducing driverless cars would do more harm then good. the article states most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe... the introduction of driverless cars would make this law harder to keep. this would be because the burden to be safe would no longer be in human hands but in the hands of a cumputer and some sensors. we have all had computers glitch or take a while to repond. it happens all the time. but then the safty of human life is in the hand of a computer it becomes somewhat disheartening. weather conditions could also prove to be an issue with safty. would there be a limit to how hot or how cold the environment would have to be for the sensors to work properly? with this much riding on the safty of human lives the driverless car seems to be a very unwise choice. the answer on how expensive these cars would have to be is partly answered in paragraph six when the author states radar was a device on a hilltpop that cost two hundred million dollars. it wasent something you could buy at a radio shack. if radar back then was two hundred million dollars imagen how much a driverless car will be. only the elite rich will be able to afford one and the majority of the popution will not. this shows that even if the driverless car was to come out in the near future only a handful of the population would have it since they would be the only ones who could afford it. but this also raises the issue with new roads since old ones would somewhat have to be updated in the long run. the article states that magnetic roads would be too expensive so smarter cars would be needed the roads would have to change a least a little to suit smart cars. with the many things that tax payer dollars are used for there would need to be an addition to smarter roads. the negative possibilites of the introduction to smart cars are endless. the articel states  in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. this shows that law makers are fearful or the outcomes that some of these cars could create. also the problem with the rise in law suit when these cars would get into an accident would also have to be put into account. the article adresses the problem of who would be to blame the driver or the maker of the car. not only would this bring out more problems and law suits it would make it hard to find who was at fault. also in the possiblity of an acccident if people were to be sleeping or watiching a movie responce time to move the car would be a varying constant from person to person showing that even if people were to get involved the chance to change the situation could be very slim. with all of these negative situations that driverless cars could cause it could be safe to say than the negative possibilites outweigh the positve possibilites. driverless cars could prove to be unsafe, expensive, and have many negative possibilites. showing that driverless are cars are not a very good idea.