in the issue known as the driverless cars dilema, i stand affirmative in that we should implemint them in our system. personaly i am very againts polution of the earth and bettering our enviornment. a huge reason as to why our planet is suffering is that we use too mant green housegasses, thus causeing the green house affect on our planet. first off, let me explain what a green house gas is. agreen house gas is any gaseous item that keeps in heat. one of the biggest contributions to green house gasses is corbon monixide c. once this is realeased into our enviornment the gas keeps the heat inside earths atmosphere. the suns rays come into earth and then once hit, they bounce off and attempt to return. the key word there is attempt, see the green house gases keep those rays inside and dont allow them to return, thus increaseing earhs temperature. the addition of greenhouse gasses has affected our enviornment in more ways then you would imagine. the first thing that comes to mind is of course global warming. also it affect our species and health. the artical says something about the driverless cars useing about hslf of the gasoline inour world today. this is the first reason why i am in agreement with the aouthor . the second reason why i like this idea is that it resembles change. to me that is one of the things america stands o is the ability to change and not remain stagnate. imagine a world where you could be driven around, its hard to imagine isnt it, but in this counrty anyone or myself can change things, and to me this is something worth changeing. i know that i have traffic probloms myself and i dont even drive, so i cant even imagine what the struggle is for those whom do particeipate in automobileic practices. to me driverless cars can be onestep closer into a carefreee america, so there is no way that i can oppose this. there seems to be a problom with legalizeing this. the article says that driverless cars are only allowed in a few states with conditions. i recomend that we allow the continued reserch and developement of driverless cars continue until it become a practical reality. to be honest, arnt we already working tword this with ubers? when i think of an uber i think of a mindless puppet behind the wheel anyway, so what is the difference. in conclusion i belive that incorperating driverless cars will be a huge step in the right direction in the technology of america. one day i soon hope to tell my children if you need a ride just call a google, or ill see you when the car drops you off. just thinking about the possibilities are giveing me goosebumps. many people may have conseerns with the saftey of padestriens or wreckless drivers, but i can see any real major concers. the article said that these cars... have driven more than half a million miels without a crash. whats not safe about that? also we could possibly eliminate drunk driveing accidents , no longer would a parent have to worry about thier child being hit by a drunk driver becouse computers dont get drunk. the road may not be the ideal spot fo innovation, but who is to say that we cant make it one.