in the article driverless cars are coming i viewed both positive and negative aspects of the driverless cars. i think driverless cars are going to become something great for our country. driverless cars could save a lot of people lives from fatal car accidents. driver less can steer themselves , brake , and also notifies you if your help is needed. in the article the narrator saysthey can steer,accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notfiy the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. this quote tells all the amazing things driverless cars are able to do. the driverless car also gets your attention with some type of alert to let you know danger is ahead. you could be distracted from the road for example, arguing with your husband or wife even your child and the seat will notfiy you when something is wrong ahead on the road. the article saysthis necessitates the car being ready to quicky get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger... this quote tells us how the car is able to save lives from fatal accidents and when humans arent alert the car is. manfacturers are also trying to create some type of entertainment for the driver that can still make sure the driver is alert of that the car is doing.some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in carentertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over...this quote tells us that the manfacturers are also trying to keep the road in easily site so we wont have to look down and cause a accident. in the artice it says most driving laws foucus on keeping drivers safe...and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers...the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control... i disagree with is because all drivers arent alert when driving. the driverless car is going to help you be alert just in case we miss something we shouldve seen. the driverless car will help the rates of fatal car accidents decrease over the years because it is helping us stay alert at all times. i believe that driverless cars are going to make a huge impact on the world. many lives will be spared because of the amazing alert system the cars have. the driverless car will always come in handy when you need to quickly grab something that will distract you a bit from the road. i believe driverless cars were made to make the world a little bit safer for everyone.