in the challenge of exploring venus, many challenges of studying venus are presented however, the author provides many valid reasons as to why researchers should find ways to study this planet. the author describes the similarities of venus and earth, provides solutions to living on venus, and expresses how researching venus would be an advancement of the human mind. the author supports their claim of venus being worthy of pursuit despite its dangers, by suggesting that venus may have once been similar to earth. the author wrote in paragraph , long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. by suggesting that venus could have some answers to earths climate, the author provides strong support to their claim. the text also states in paragraph , the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the author goes on to describe how earth and venus may have been closely related long ago. it is also mentioned that venus is one of our nearest options for a planetary visit, which is beneficial considering the how long space travel takes. the authors claim is supported through this evidence of venus being earthlike at one point in time. another way that the author suppprts their claim is by providing some solutions to studying venus, despite the dangers it possesses. the author writes in paragraph , nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. in paragraph , the author continues to explain how the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth, solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not go over the radiation levels on earth. the solution that the author suggests helps support their claim of venus being worthy of pursuit by giving direct evidence as to how researchers may go about doing this. lastly, the author supports hisher claim by explaining how overcoming the challenge of studying venus, would be beneficial not only to the insight of the planet, but also of human curiosity. the author says, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the claim is strongly supported through the authors description of how studying venus could be beneficial to the human mind. another detail from paragraph  is, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. the author supports that studying venus would be worth overcoming the harsh conditions, as it would expand our views of imagination and innovation. despite all of the authors reasons for studying venus, heshe describes how venus has harsh conditions that must be overcome first. the text states, these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. the author expresses how venuss conditions are far more extreme than any conditions on earth. however, the author supports their claim by providing various reasons that support how venus is worty of pursuit and how researchers may go about overcoming the dangers it possesses. in order to support hisher claim, the author was able to provide at least three strong reasons that show how venus would be worth studying, even though it presents many dangers. by explaining how venus may have once been comparable to earth, providing solutions to current problems, and expressing the benefits of studying venus, the author is able to strongly support hisher claim with valid evidence.