driverless cars are coming and we all know it, but is it a good thing? the world keeps coming out with greater technology every single day. some people believe that technology isnt always a good thing. most people talk about cell phones and how it takes away from what kids could be out doing, but instead they are at home on their cell phones. even though i may be a teenager and in the technology era my opinion is i dont think driverless cars are a good idea. when i think of driverless cars so many questions pop into my head. i start thinkging what if? or how do you? im sure the same thing happens to other people when they think about this topic also. i am going to support the reason why i think that driverless cars are a bad idea, and this is how i will do it. do you ever like to be in a situation where you have zero control over what is gonna happen? no oodles of people do not like to be in that situation at all. thats how i feel driverless cars are i feel like if you where going to get into a bad car accident what could you do to stop the car if you werent in control? you wouldnt know what to do. in the article it clearly states that the human driver must stay alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. how fast are you likely to be able to take control of the car if something like a car accident where fastly approching? exactly it would be incredibly hard. they make these commericals and advertisments sound amazing, and make it sound like nothing would ever go wrong, but what is really behind all this technology? well we will never know. letting some robot take over something that could cause death does not sound like a fun time to me. as technology will continue to progress, when you go to take drivers ed is there even gonna be an instructor teaching you or is it all going to be the car? these are all things that need to be assessed. like i stated in the beginning i do not like driverless cars and i probably still wont no matter what. i dont know about you but i like to be in charge most of the time, and driverless vehicles do not alow that to happen. i think technology is starting to take over in loads of areas, and yes i am quit addicted to my cell phone but do i really need a car to drive for me? no that is completely lazy and is just an excuss so people can text or talk on their cell phones. technology is the reason why most people get into vehicle accident every year and die. do we really need more technology to cause problems? no we dont. if i ever had one of these driverless cars offered to me i most likely would not take the offer because i dont like this idea at all. in the near future i hope vehicle companies will take the opinions, and ideas of car buyers and use it to produce something that they will like.