the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students is, in fact valuable. the facial action coding system could be really beneficial toward students in many ways. for example, it could help students with their learning and comprehending abilities. many students have a hard time understanding the lessions, whether it is because of a learning disability or they just simply dont understand something. it could even help the teachers asess how well their students are comprehending the material being taught. one reason that i am for the use of the facsfacial action coding system in schools is because i think that it would work well amoung a teachers side. now a teacher has a great amount of responsibility they have to teach the students, make sure they grasp and really understand what is being taught and then if they do not understand it they have to come up with an alturnitive way to get them to understand what was taught. now, what if it is more than one student who does not understand, the teacher has to keep in mind that not everyone learns and percieves information the same way. the facs woud adapt to a students specific learning style by their facial muscles and it could really be benefical. also in this era, which is the technological era, a lot of school and homework is done online, so with this new computer system it would make homework and school lessions a whole lot easier for both the students, teachers and even the parents. it would be benefical to have that new technology on computers because you will not have a teacher at home with you when you are trying to complete the homework that was assigned. but with the facs it could recognize when the they are confused and even bored, because lets face it, we all have become bored while doing homework. in conclusion, the facial action coding system is in fact very valuable. not only students but teachers as well, could really benefit a whole lot from just having this technological system available for them. alot could happen just from the facs reading the students facial expressions.