driverless cars are a thing of the future. with driverless cars one would have more time to be able to do the things they would want to do. such things including, being able to be more involved with their family, having more leisure inside their vehicle, and the roads would be a less intense and stressful area. with driverless cars people would be able to get closer to their family on the way to a long distanced destination. one would be able to talk more with their families and learn something about their beloved family members they care so much about. the driver would be able to play games with the family like monopoly or life when they would not be able to before with cars that require a driver. driverless cars would make getting kids who are being unruly to behave easier such as if a single parent wanted to get their children to behave they could just turn around and get them settled down. the driverless cars would make it possible for families to stay on the road whilst eating so they would not have to take too long of a stop and loose time on sitting down and eating at an arbys. with the driverless cars ones trip to any destination would be more leisurely and comfortable. driverless cars would be able to let a person who has been up all night packing fo a trip across the country, who could not book a flight for when they needed to be there, to sleep while the car drives itself while they get a nice relaxing nap or sleep. while in a driverless car one would be able to catch up on their favorite shows since they do not need their full attention on the roads they would be able to watch videos on their phone, tablet, laptop or whatever they use. driverless cars would allot people, such as teens, to text or get on social media while in the car because they wouldnt be doing the driving. the driverless cars would make the roads a much safter and less stress inducing terrain. with the driverless cars one would stay the mandated speed limit issued by the government for protection and they would not have to suffer a ticket. the driverless car would prevent unlawful circumstances like a highspeed chase which is not only a crime of resisting arrest but it can put innoccent people in danger of getting hurt or worse. driverless cars would likely be a catalyst in brining down accident rates since they respond to their environments and alter their pathway if something happens and it would not spin out of control since a human is not driving it. the driverless cars would make the commute to school or work or any place you need to be easier since it put a sence of stress relief from worrying about other peoples driving and getting into an accident. the driverless car would all around make dirving if not your everyday life easier if the mass production of this miraclous invention were to be created. so would you help or hinder the production of this revolutionary device? for all one could know it could change the roads maybe even the world around us.