the travel to venus would be a very informational trip as scientist could conduct test and see if venus was much like earth today. this trip has many hazardous conditions that may limit the test cunducted by scientist. information the trip to venus could provide is very usesfull. as we know so far this is the most similar planet to earth spite the extreme temperatures this planet has a surface of rocky sediment and has similar features such as valleys, mountains and also craters. some of the differences it has include, different atmosphere makeup. also, unbareable pressure and much more. risks that comes with the trip includes extreme heat, dense atmosphere, very high atmospherical presure and much more dangers. to prevent this the national aeronautics and space administration has one idea that might work. creating a blimplike vehicle that is capable of hovering over  or so miles above the landscape, just like the aircrafts we have on earth. as temperatures will still be some what of an issue, by their calculations, being about  miles away will reduce temperatures down to  degrees fahrenheit. the distance will also reduce pressure down similar to earths sea level so it will not be crushed instantly. these conditions are not easy on us humans but, is still survivable. hovering over the landscape creates an issue to scientist. that being they can not recieve any actual samples from the ground to test. that meaning they need a way to do so without creating more risk. this is where systems that use mechanical parts instead relying electronics come into play. this is because with the  degree temperature the surface of venus provides, even though electronis are fast, flexible and quick they are more delicate in general. this leaves them at a dissadvantage with the harsh climate. as mechanical part systems can be made to resist more pressure, heat and other forces. in conclution, despite the harsh climate that venus contains upon its surface, this mission could be possible. it might take years to develop such technology but will be worth in the long run, if it provides helpful information containing a solution to have earth not end up like venus. if it does not, we still have new knowledge about space and what may contain.