do you trust technology? everyday we rely on thousands of technologies that perform thousands of different tasks. what if there was a technology that, if not working, could severly injure you or even kill you? technologies can also malfuncition and not perform the task they were set to do. computers can freeze and phones can crash and it happens all the time. a driverless car is nice to think about at first. someone may argue that it could take the pressure out of long car trips and could even prevent drunk driving. in paragraph one it says, google cofounder sergey brin envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. this sounds nice and the idea sounds like it would work, but people are missing one thing. technology can fail. small technologies that fail have little affect on our lives. when a call doesnt go through and your computer freezes its not the end of your life and it wont hurt you. when you enlarge the scale and start talking about cars being the technology, big things can go wrong. in paragraph eight it says, why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? i think that this quote is a good arguement to why we shouldnt have driverless cars. people waiting at the wheel to drive would get bored and start to play on thier phone or look out the window. when the car needs the driver to take over he she wouldnt be paying attention or wouldnt be able to respond to the need of the car in time. what would happen if you were on the interstate going seventy miles per hour and the automatic steering on your car went out? we cant rely on technologies especially when it performs such an important role as driving a car. in paragraph four it said, for starters, they need a whole lot of sensors. googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. i chose to use that quote because i wanted to show people just how much technology is on the car. just how much technology that could go wrong. if one of those sensors didnt work you could crash. i think that the whole idea of driverless cars is too risky and too unrealiable. im opposed to the idea of driverless cars because of the safety hazards that could generate from the technology failing. i understand that the idea of a driverless car sounds amazing and has so many pros, but the amount of cons outweighs the pros. i do think that driverless cars one day would work and be safe, but i dont see it coming in the near future. driverless cars sound great, but i dont think we are ready for them yet.