in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author mentions mutiple challenges of exploring the planet. despite this, the author seems to support the further exploration of venus. later in the article, the author explains their reasoning. this essay will first analyize the authors statements at the beginning of the article. in the first paragraph of the article, the author explains that there are many different challenges that have prevented humans from sending a probe to explore venus surface. later, in paragraph three, the author gives examples of said challenges. these include clouds of corrosive sulfuric acid, average temperatures of  degrees, incedibly high atmospheric pressure, and a heavy carbon atmosphere. paragraph  these conditions on venus have prevented humans from exploring the surface because a probe that is able to withstand this harsh enviornemnt does not exist. after the author expalins why venus has not been explored, they then present a few ideas that could lead to a new innovation. in paragraph five, the author informs readers of an idea that nasa has come up with to explore venus. the author describes this invention as a blimplike vehicle that will hover above the planets harsh surface. they reason that being able to explore venus without having to touch the surface is possible due to thr more surviveable conditions of the atmosphere. the author reassures readers that traveling to venus may be possible by explaining how technology could be invented to allow humans to survive the harsh enviornment. towards the end of the article, the author also gives another possible breakthrough for these challenges. in paragraph seven, the author describes another disocvery from nasa. the innovation that is mentioned, silicon carbide, may have the potential to survive in the harsh conditions of venus for three weeks. the author gives other possible ideas such as using more durable older computers that may be able to survive on venus longer than modern technology. this shows that the author believes that the answer to exploring venus may be closer than originally thought. the author of this article shows readers that they support the idea of traveling to venus despite the current challenges. throughout the article, the author provides many ideas that could possibly allow future probes to visit the planets surface. also, in paragraph eight the author desribes how they personally feel that dangers and doubts about traveling to venus should not limit humans from exploring it. the author cleary shows through this statement that they are positive that nasa will find a way to explore venus.