can you hide your emontions by having a smirk on your face? the question is yes you can but can other people find out what emontions that are hiding underneath by using a computer. but first we have to figure out what technology can do this and how the process works. first the technology used for this type of research is called facial coding system and it enables computers to identify human emontions. they way the technology works is that when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face. for this to work all  major muscles in the model must move like human mucles to recongize the face it has to work with. theyre  emontions that the facs is looking for, the emontions its looking for are happiness, surprise, anger, digust, fear and sadness for the technology to fully work on a human face. different ways that facs can be most valuable would be at school with all of your classmates would be if the school want ts to get on what emontions you are having when you take a picture. they could use this information to find out if a kid is dealing with sadness,anger, etc. another way that this type of technology can be valuable for my classmates would be when we watn to figure out how the technology works or if we want to figure out what emontions we are expressig of taking one picture. on the other hand the facs wouldnt be valid in my opinion at the same time because since we are teens we dont really care about what emontions we are feeling at that time and moment. all of my classmates really care about in the present time is being online and using other technology instead of facs. the different technology im talking about all of the technology on are phones, tablets, video game conseles. would facial action coding system be helpful for me and my classmates. im not sure because it could be either ways when you are thinking about it becuse there are some pros and cons to facs being helpful. but hope that it can be used to figure out different historical paintings, sculputers, etc in the future to figure out what the artist was thinking when he or she was making to art and how they felt about when they were making it.