did you know that nasa and scientist has a way to found more about veuns with the new technology? veuns is one of the planet of the solar system and it has great fact the you dont know about? here some of thing you might or might not know about venus. venus is a worthy and dangers by being the close to the sun it ever hot and it very very hot here in summer guess how hot it will be and and it say it very bright light in the night sky and if it was the bright in that day time it will danage your eye very bad and and it kind of cool have the name as evening start and it pretty at night. the venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. there was a thick atomsphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the nasa has particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study veuns. nasas possible soultion to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray and they has found new wat of it and imagine a blimplike vehile hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscapes.the scientist discover more about veuns and it really has been, it seen the nasa will go to the space and check it out with the new technology that they want to use for the discover about veuns and they has know it very hot and very bright and the scientist will has solution for the for nasa.from back then and now the technology has improve all of them and they will has way to go to dicover more about but they have discover hold all of new thing about veuns and they are awesome and they has very hard time for doing that but they has has done new thing over it and they has to go those pressure, heat, and other forces but at the end, they strivinf to meet the challenge presented by veuns has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimdating endeavor. they will discover more about veuns at the end by the very edges of the imagination and innovation.