luke would tell people to join the seagoing cowboys program because it is an opportunity of a lifetime. many people wish to do this, but they may never be able to be a part of this program, so that is why he would tell you to participate in this program. another reason luke would try to convince you to join is because you could be helping people and countries by taking care of animals, such as horses, young cows, and mules. luke would also tell people to join the seagoing cowboys because you could visit new places you have never been to before, like europe or china, or greece and italy. luke had the chance of visiting these four places because he was part of the seagoing cowboys, and you get to cross oceans, like the atlantic and pacific. another reason luke would tell you to join the program would be because you would always be busy. the animals all needed food and water two or three times a day. bales of hay and bags of oats ave to be pulled up from the lower level. and their stalls have to be cleaned. luke would also tell you to be careful if you joined the seagoing cowboys. on lukes second trip, he almost fell into the dark waters of the atlantic. he served as a watchman, and he would have to check on the animals every hour. and one rainy night, when he was going to report to the captain, he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. his heart raced as he shot feet first toward an opening on the side of the ship. but luckily, a small strip of metal along the edge stopped him from sliding towrad the the dark atlantic, and kept him aboard the ship. luke was happ he was alive, but he had to take a couple of days off of work because he cracked his ribs. but you can also have fun on the ship, especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. they would play baseball or volleyball games in the empty holds where the animals had been. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped time go by faster. being part of a seagoing cowboy can be a great expierience, and it was for luke bombergur. it opened the world to him. he said he was grateful for the opportunity of being part of the program. it made him more aware of people of other countries and their needs. and that awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. thats why you should be part of the seagoing cowboys. it will give you great memories that will stay with you. it will give you life expierience that you might need later on in your life. it will give chances to visit new places you might love and never forget about. it will give you a chance of helping people and countries around the world. it will give you a chance to meet new people and to get to know them well. it will give you all of this and much, much more. that is why you should join the seagoing cowboys program. once you decline it, you will regret you did. once you accept it, you will be happy you entered this program.