a technology called the facial action coding system is a software that allows computers to be able to recognize human emotions. being able to detect how someone is feeling quite accurately. the use of this technology could be very valuable for students during class. identifying how a student is feeling about a topic, seeing if theyre being truthful to questions, and to be able to see how a student is actually feeling emotional wise. first, this system would allow teachers to be able to see how well theyre students feel towards a topic. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the detection from the software would help out teachers to understand, which students are lost or which students dont have any interest in learning. which allows the teachers to either change up the lesson or find another instructor to teach the student. secondly, it would allow teachers to be able to see if a student is being truthful or not. in the real smile, the zygomatic major lift the corners of your mouth. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a differnt muscle, the risorius. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this would give teachers the oppurtunity to see if specific students are lying about understanding a topic and if they actually did their homework or not. if a student were to lie about understanding a topic, the teacher could help them out. also some students get away with lying about homework or other things. so this would allow teachers to either give more time to a student or give them their rightful score. lastly, teachers would be able to see how their students are actually feeling emotionally. imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. new software has been developed that improves accuracy in percieving the emotions of others. although students feelings should be kept private, trying to help out a student isnt harmful. many students hide about how theyre feeling or lie about it. so being able to detect how a student is actually feeling can allow the teacher to seek care or show sympathy. in conclusion, the facial action coding system would be quite valuable for students in a classroom. it would benefit teachers by allowing them to see how their students are feeling about the class, if theyre lying about understanding something or something else, and how their students are actually feeling.