why would scientist want to travel to one of the most hostile planets in the solar system? the author of the challenge of exporing venus explains by listing the reasons why we should, listing the challenges, and saying possible solutions to those challenges. so, why should we explore one of the solar systems most hostile planet? well, the author explains that, at times, venus is the closest planet to earth. it is considered to be earths twin, because both planets have similar density and size. it also could have been the most earthlike planet in the solar system. it has similar features geography such as valleys, mountains, and craters scientists believe that, long ago, venus was covered in huge oceans and could possibly support life. this planet, that used to support life, is now hostile. the author tells the reader that the atmosphere of venus is  percent carbon dioxide, has sulfiric acid, and has an atmospheric pressure  times greater than earths. the surface also has its problems. the surface averages over  degrees fahrenheit. there are also erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning striking the surface. the best solution for these problems is a blimplike vehicle. this vehicle would orbit  miles above venus. it would avoid all of the surfaces challenges. it would be cooler at about  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric pressure would be equal to earths sea level. this blimp would be solar powered and could possibly have simplified electronics made of silicone carbide. the author adds that simplified electronis will not be the only technology onboard, there is a chance that mechanical computers could make a comeback, as they are more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. the challenges scientists face have solutions, and the solutions can help scientists make new discoveries of a planet that remains unexplored. the author has explained why we should explore venus, despite how dangerous the mission would be. they give the reader reasons why we should, such as possible life forms, and the author has more pros than cons. they also says solutions to the cons that scientists face.