selfdriving cars are the new inventions of our generation! lets celebrate we just made a new creative invention that people have been waiting for...or maybe not. we still make mistakes. we are not computers, but we are the ones that create them. maybe this is not such a fantastic idea when you think about it. according to the article, these cars will be safer due to sensors that should alert the driver as soon as there is a task that the car cannot perform by itself. these tasks include situations such as navigating around accidents and construction. however, this is still a very new invention. even older technology that we continue using today contain glitches. the most common is the computer. even the most popular and wellmade brand will still have difficulties. in my experience, cars have had way too many glitches too. every year people spend way too much money on cars. maybe we should perfect everything we have before we try to find a possibly more harmful solution. i dont believe that this was in the article, but i would think that most people would by this driverless car because they want to rest on the way to work. its early in the morning, and people must want to have just a few more minutes or relaxation, maybe even sleep, before they have to deal with another full day of stress. the problem with this is that people fall asleep quite fast. what worries me the most is that individuals who miss their alarm clock in the morning would most likely miss the vibration that the car would provide, as stated in the article. therefore, our lack of awareness would cause even more accidents than before. in our economy today, people are constantly looking forand losing jobs today. my mother is currently searching for a job that would help benifit our family since she lost her job that provided everything we needed. now imagine a thousand drivers education teachers and bmv workers struggling to find a job because of this one car. i understand that this will not be an immediate change, but overtime people will lose money and families could eventually break up due to the widespread of this invention. in conclusion, i do not support this idea. i worry too much about others due to personal experiences. its great that our community is using our brains to create an easier world however, i do not believe that it is the right time. our knowledge of electronics and awareness of basic peoples needs must grow more. i can see driverless cars in our future, but i will only support it when it is the right time.