earth is like no other planet, but what is another planter before earth was earth itself. the article the challenge of exploring venus the author talk about venus being the most earthlike planet in the solar system and should be explored more than it already is. the author supports the idea of stuying venus is worthy pursuit desoite the dangers it presents because it helps scientists know more about the planet, want to explore the planet more, and because its the closest planet to earth that sientists have found in the solar system despite the dangers. scientists know a lot about many plantes but moslty about earth, but they found other planets that are close to earth in some ways, one of the planets that are close to earth are in the same solar system as earth itself. scientists need to know more about the planet then they already do to make sure that it is habitable for humans despite the dangers. in the article the author stated venus is the closes planet to earth in terms of dennsity and size, and occasionally the closes in distance too meaning that just some features has venus looking like earth. in the article the author lare states astronomers are fancinated by venus because it may well once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system meaning that scientists are willing to know more about venus since it is the closes thing they have to earth and its actions. even though it sounds nice that scientists ahve found a planet that was similar to earth doesnt mean its like earth now. researchers have also tried to get as close as they can to the dangerous panet but are unsuccessful due to the temperatures and the the enviroment in general. in the article the author states the planets purface teperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit,and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our on planet explanning that the establishment on the planet is something that a human cannot survive what so ever. later in the article the author states such an enviroment would crush even a submarine accostumed to diving to the deepest parts of the oceans and would liquefy any metals stating that it is very hard for scientists to atemp to send anything to the planet but has been a real challenge to make one last over an hour or more. even with the unhuman like atmosphere scientists are willing to study the planet more, to get more information about it. its shown that scientists still have hope for the planet as well as ours. in the article the author stated many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knoledge to venus explaining that they are not willing to give up the exploration to venus. at an earlier point of the articlet the author stated long ago, venus was probably covered in oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth meaning that before earth got all the thing it needs to sustain life venus mightve had already had it at the point. in nconclusion studying venus is worty pursuit despite the dangers in represents because it is the closes planet to earth we have yet that is not the furthest away from earth itself, and because it helps scientists out with many reasearches about the planet. so what is one day earth is unhavitable for humans and venus is the closest thing we have distance wise and atmosphere whise.