recently new technology has advanced at an absurd rate with phenomenal results. the tasks that these new materials and ideas can perform are a gateway to new discoveries. inventions such as latest innovation with computers and their ability to detect honest facial emotions. in the first passage the author introduces prof. thomas huang and prof. nicu sebe as they collaborate to deploy an elite communication system to illuminate the realtionship between computers and humans. in the text, the author explains the functions of the new computerized model of how the emotion facial indicator acts. in paragraph , he says, movement of one or more musclees is called an action unit. he specifies the different controls of how the computer navigates through the coding of facial features and muscle movements. the author then mentions dr.huangs perception of his new technology when in the text it says,the facial expressions for each emotion are universal,. even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. dr. huang talks about how his computer enginnering works and the capabilities it possesses. in the passage, the auhtor says,yet dr. huangobserves that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisly enough to convey specific emotions.. this could have interested and motivated dr. huang to use modern resources to use da vincis technique and find the emotions from facial recognition. the author mentions an example in the text explaining how a web cam could help students in school. in the passage, it reads,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this puts another idea of the table for helping students who often find a specific subject boring or difficult to overcome that obstacle with a simple facial recogntion. this technology could help save students who struggle with schoolwork and manipulate the task to be a more understandable one. in summary, using this advanced computer system can help individuals feel better, in the last parapgraph the author mentions, by the way, did making a happy face in this experiment make you feel happy? according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, movjng your facial muscles not only express emotions, but also may even help produce them.. this is the technology that could be put to good use in order to maybe even help people feel beter when using it in different activities. the task that these new materials and ideas can perform are a gateway to new discoveries.