everyone has at less had one car in there life time no matter how yes it was or how old or ragidy it was it was a car that was poluting our air and giving off greenhouse gas. now i would now what i whould do with out my car but then again there are some berifits or advantages you would have if you didnt own a car. we can start off on now much money you would save if you did have a car. think about gas is about what . now right? or lets just say your driving minding your own bessnious and some edeit rams in the back of your new nisson  car and oh lord i dont think you want to talk about how high you insurents would go up. people in vaudan and in most of france dont even have cars  percent to be exact. now its not like a law that they cant have veicals just alot of people choose not to have one. how ever if you do own a car you will have pertty much no where to put it. street parking,driveways and home garages are actally forbidden in some areas. if you still really really want your car you have only two places to put it. one in a large parking garage at the edge of the development or two you can buy a space for , along with a home. if you never had a car you wouldnt have to spend all that money on gas,insurents,getting your car repairedfixed,and a parking spot. thats why  percent of people sold there car when they moved to vauba. the biggest advantage you would have if you didnt own a car is that you will be giving back to mother earth. cars are responsible for  perect of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and  percent in some car intensive areas in the united states. cars can also be more stress then there worth having. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter. what do you think scards you the most when your dive? getting in a car crash and seriousaly injuring yourself or worse die on inpacked right? why dont you save the stress and the fear. just give up you car. i know what your think what if i work far away etc? just take the bus or better yet ride a bike to where ever you need to go or walk get some exercise and brake a little sweat. or just take one day that we all not us own cars to just see how life would be. thats how bogota got started in colombia. they have been going it for  straight years. there are  million cizins people walked,hiked,and even skated. the only vehicals that where permitted where buses and taxis and if it rained it didnt stop them participating. why cant we do that just for one day? if everyone just took one day that using cars i think i would make a big change. there are many advantages we all would have if we all didnt have a car but i know it will take time for all of us to make that disitoin but hopful its soom before its to late for us and for the world.