all of you look at the face on the moon all the time but there is more than just the moon with an face on it. well, the planet im talking about right now is mars. scientist believe that rocks just so happened to form an object that looks like an human face, also they do not think that the alien theory is correct. others think that alien life on mars is possible. im going to tell you why the scientist are correct, and why the media is incorrect. scientist believe that this cannot be alien artwork because they are certian it is an mesa they say these mesas where very common alll around cydonia. also this was said to be form by multiple shadows giving away illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. fortunantly nasa got in the news, the paper, magazines, books, talk shows, and tv! the media is incorrect becuase they arent as able to go in a deep as the scientist can the media people in america can only use the resoures they as scientist has th right equipment to get the job done. also if there was some kind of aliens they be very far we would have been able to see the aliens establishment.also there would be evidence baount movement if it was created by aliens they mustve been strong to be able to haul all of those rocks. one more thing is education none os these people are just trained every day on how to use these machines it are lots and lots of hardwork and dedication. people have to go to college to get an degree on this very complicated work that is done by these specialy picked scientist. so, in the end the scientist were scientificly right because there is lots of mesas around cydonia. also scientist got a little bit of and bebifit by being noticed in social media. the media were incorrect be cuase there was not alot of resoures the media could use unlike the scientist or people that research at nasa withc have all of the equipment they need to get the job done. also education not every citizen is tought how to use these machines even if they do have them. even more evidence from the alien establishment andor tracks to lead to this creation.