eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadnessand then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. being able to associate muscle movements throughout ournface with the true current emotion someone has seems to be impossible, by the facial actiom coding system can attest to that. the facial action coding system could revolutionize the way classrooms are run and impact schools in a great way by altering the way classes are run based on students emotions. it would be a great idea to have this system installed as a classroom computer because it could modify the lesson for students based on their understanding, teachers can detect the truth of students emotions about the class, and it can help students better their emotions or see for themselves how their emotions seem to be. having this facial expression reading system installed in classrooms can benefit many classes with better understandings. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor based on the students emotions. detecting how students truly feel about the lesson could be a big help in how classrooms run. for instance, if the majority of the class is sensed to be confused about the lesson, teachers are then able to see that they need to spend more time on it or reevaluate how they are teaching the lesson and slow it down. if the computer senses that the class is bored, they may not learn as well if they dont care about what they are learning so the teacher could possibly change up the class with a game. overall it could greatly benefit classes as a whole. this computer can help teachers and they way they run the class and teach the lesson as well. teachers could use this technology as a baseline for themselves to see how their classes react and feel about the way they run their class. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. this would greatly benefit students as well because no students want to tell their teachers that they hate the way their class is run and be honest with them. this would give teachers true insite about their class and would want to make it as beneficiary to students as possible. if teachers saw that students werent enjoying their class they could altar it in some way to make it better for everyone. this system being installed in classrooms could also help students see what their emotions look like and possibly make them better. if students knew what their emotions looked like outside of themselves, it could be a big eye opener for them to see what they may seem to be like and that they may not know themselves. according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. if students saw how their emotions looked and they werent good they could try to change them which studies show actually could change them by just having different facial expressions. this could help all students if they were mad or sad and it detected that, they could put a smile on their face which may actually help better their emotions. the facial acting coding system is a great idea to put into classrooms that could better everyone as a whole class as well as individually. it would be an amazing idea because it could modify the lesson for students based on their understanding, teachers can detect the truth of students emotions about the class, and it can help students better their emotions or see for themselves how their emotions seem to be. every teacher would run their classroom to make it as beneficial to students as possible if they could and with this installed into classrooms, it could happen. the facial acting coding system would change classrooms for the better and help teachers and students expedentially.