youre keeping your eyes on the road, making sure nothing goes wrong, but isnt that what your fancy car is supposed to do for you? you feel as though youre being watched. thats because you are. youre sitting doing nothing bored out of your mind when you could be cruising down the road, feeling the wind in your hair, feeling completely in control. but youre not. at this point in time, driverless cars are more trouble than they are worth. they are also taking away the comfort and safety that drivers today have become accustomed to. throughout the years, there have been many attempts and advances made toward the production of driverless cars. these attempt have not been successful thus far. the driverless cars that have been made are not even truly driverless. they still require the attention of a human. one great idea these car manufacturers had was to make smarter roads, but that is something that would take many years and a lot of money that people just dont have. in paragraph  of the article, it describes how there would have to be laws written and passed for this all to work out and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. this shows that lawmakers are not particularly eager to make this happen and without them it wont happen. another reason why the project of creating driverless cars should not be continued is that it would be taking away the comfort and safety that drives today are used to. even though drivers would not be in complete control of the cars they still must remain alert and ready to take over when the situation requires. what is the point of having a driverless car if people are still forced to make sure the car is safe? this might even cause fear among drivers because sometimes people feel safest when they are completely control and they know others are as well, but with driverless cars they would not have that security. sometimes its even a comfort to people to be able to cruise down the road knowing they can take themselves anywhere they want to go. even if they werent afraid they would at least be bored out of their minds like everyone is on road trips. the article also describes how the car watches the driver. horror movies and tv shows all have illustrated how much people dislike feeling like they are being watched. not to mention, there are people out there who can hack the cameras in cars and people would never really be sure that the people watching them have their best interests. in paragraph  the article also proposes the issue of possible conflicts arising if someone if injured in said driverless cars. who would be at fault? this would be yet another issue courts would have to deal with when they already have so much on their plates. although there are many reasons why driverless cars should not be produced, there are many positive things that could possibly occur if they did exist. sergey brin forsees that half of the fuel used in cars today would be used for these cars and there would be more flexibility than buses, but there is no solid proof. it is very possible that instead of roads being full of buses the roads are cramped with cars and traffic would be unbearable. also, buses typically use less fuel because they are carrying around people that would have used more fuel in seperate cars. driverless cars have also been proven to go a million miles without crashing, but did these cars have destinations in highly populated areas with many other driverless cars around them? its impossible to know for sure that this fact means anything without have the proper conditions accounted for. the article also says that the cars could have built in entertainment systems, but wouldnt that just distract the driver from the road? they are supposed to be alert and ready to take over at all times. overall, the continued research and production of driverless cars would be so much work and money used when there is already a safe system in place. without driverless cars people wont have to worry about things changing or fear for their safety. they can just contiue to live their lives as they have for years. the article says that safety is the most important thing. if that is true, the world is better off without driverless cars.