so obviously by reading the title in this excerpt, you can infer that this whole passasge is about venus. how close, conditions there, and other basic backround knowledge. why would the author want to include this? because this excerpt is about the possibility and dangers of exploring venus up close and personal. the author, in this passage, provides good detail, and opinion, causing me to agree with said author that venus should be explored. like i said in the intro he starts of by painting a picture in your mind about what scientists at nasa are dealing with here. first, he gives you some relatable information about it. that to the normal human looking up at the sky, its just a very bright star thats actually a very close planet. then he proceeds to provide on some technical facts about condidtions. he says,  a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus...on the planets surface, temperature average over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. to persuade someone something this big, you have to give reasons for them to care. good ones too. so the author did just that. he explains many reasons why a mission to venus whether it be manned or unmanned should be sent to venus. he claims that the reward outweighs the risk. do keep in mind this is a planet at an of average  degrees farenheit. well he explains that the planet mightve once been like our home. that a variety of creatures mustve once called venus home. there is convience in the fact that it is very close and space travel is very long and that its surface has some barren natural structures and valleys similar to that of the arizona and nevada region. he also gives ways or really one way to go about doing this. in the passage he reminds the reader that the surface temperature is an average  degrees. he also needs you to remember about the atmosphere containing acidlike forms melting metal in minutes. basically, the surface is the nono zone. so how do you do it? he mentions the idea of having an aircraft vehicle, sort of like a blimp to go ahead and stay up in the air avoiding the hellish conditions of the ground. there is still some risk but overall a lot safer. he also gives the idea of fully mechanical machines to calculate as it takes steel metal longer to melt. all the while making you confident in the idea of an mission to venus with these ways or concepts in mind for the sake of science. so in conclusion if the authors goal was to persuade me, he definitaly persuaded me. he provides evidence to convince you there is a way, he convinces you that there is something to be had in venus, while also telling you to beware as it could go wrong in a lot of ways for us.