in the article the author talks about the ups and downs of getting to know venus as a planet and having human life live their. now, even though their are good parts about exploring venus there are many bad and dangerous parts about venus. like for example, in the begining of the article the author talks about how, every mission was unmanned because, they couldnt even surive on the planet for no longer than a few hours. also , they even talk about how venus has a thick atmosphere of nearly  percent carbon dixide and thatn just blankets venus.this tells us that we have a less chances of even surving on venus. venus weather is also horrible their teamputer averge is over  degrees, they have things like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes , and frquent lighting strikes. i know that these are things that happen on earth nearly everyday or every now and then but, with all that plus the heat  we might not even be able to surive on there. the author does talks about how we and ahve a ship orbiting or hovering over the planet safely but, researchers wouldnt be able to take samples of rocks,gas, or anything. so,what would be the point of even going down there if we cant even really explore it. the postive things about venus, is one venus is already one of our sister planet and is referred to as earths twin. it is the closest in distance, size ,destiney, and it even the most eartlike planet in our solar system. so, we do have many things alike that well help people feel better about even getting to explore venus. another, thing is that in the article the author states that we havent touched venus in more than. meaning that we dont know what down there things could have changed drasctically we would never know. the authour also includes, how the planet has a rocky surface of sediment and has many features such as valleys, mountains and craters plus venus was proplaby even cover in largely oceans that could have supported many forms of life.the author use these facts to show us what we can benfit form exploring venus.they evne put in how nasa is compeling the idea of sending researchers down to study venus. the last thing the aouthor states is how we shouldnt keep our limits small just becuase were afraid of the dangers that migh happen but we should expand them and think of them as challenges too. so,include venus can be a worthy of studying and exploring. just with a little more reseacher and better technogly the authour shows us that we might actually have a chance of living on venus.