the facial action coding system is valuable for students. one reason is that we can see how diffrent people felt in diffrent important events. the second is that the computer can change up the learning method if they see that the student is getting bored with the way they are currently learning. the last reason is that it could keep students more happy throughout the day. this is a huge improvement to the school system. the first reason that the facial code system would be valuable is that we can see how difffent people felt during important events. for example they showed us the mona lisa and the results from it. if we look at all the imprtant events and see pictures of these people then we can see how the people really felt during these events. for example the mona lisa. in the painting she is smiling but it was one of the first paintings of people smiling so maybe she could have been worried or sad, but the results stated for the most part she was actully happy. the second reason is that the computer in a classroom coud see how we feel and if we become bored and uninterested. in paragraph  it states ,  a classroom comupter could recogniz when a student is becominf confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective instructor. so overall we would learn better in the sense that it would switch up the lesson so that we woudl stay focused. it would keep us interested. also overall we would learn the material faster since we wouldnt be procrastinating as much. the final reason is that it could keep students more happy throiughout the day, in paragraph  in states,  according to the facial feedback theory of emorion. moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions , but also may even help produce them. so if a student is not feeling well or is sad they wont learn as well. so the computer will sense then and give them a break or an activity that they like to do and their mood will increase. they will learn better because of it. the facial action coding system is valuable for students. the first reason reason is that we can see how diffrent people felt in diffrent important events. secondly is that the computer can change up the learning method if they see that the student is getting bored with the way they are currently learning. the last reason is that it could keep students more happy throughout the day. this could be a huge improvement to the school system.