author supports the idea that studyng.the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularty compelling idea for sending humans to study venus.nasas poddiblr solution on the hostile conditions on the surface pf venus would allow scientsists to floar above the fry. imagene a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so siles above the reiling venusian landcape. nasa is working on other appoaches to studyng venus. for example, some simplified electronic made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chambersimulating the caos fo venuss surface and have lated for three weeks in such conditons, anonothjer project is lookign back to an old thecnology called mechanical computers, these devices were firs envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war of evidence form the article that support claim.venus, sometime called the  evening star. this nickname is misleading since venus is actully a planet.in our solar system. venua is a second planet form pur sun. a thik atmosphere of almost  parcent carbon dioxide blamkets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric, acide in venuss atmpsphera. on the planet,s surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than whe we experience on our own planet. venus geology and wather preset additonal impediments like eruping volcanoes, powerful earthquoekes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its suface. temperaturees would still be toasty close to that sea level on earth. solar powe would be plentiful, and radiation, would nor exceed earth levels. not easy conditons, but survivable for humans, photography and videograpy ineffective. more importantly, rearchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from distance. litke our travel on earh and beyond should nor be limited by dangers and doubt but should be expanded to meet the every edges of imagenation and innovaction, conclution. this told of the venus a planet its the second planet on the system solar in the orbit this si interesting because i learnig a lot over that