the d computer that can recongnize facial movements that can tell you what the person is feeling is the next step to new technology. it makes the world better with good outcomes to make a person feel better. this creation is amazing and i am all for it. this d computer is a new look in life that can help you know when a close person to you is down or happy. it can even help childrenteenagers in school when confused with work. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this type of computer can have you home school because of your facial expressions and it knows when you need help even without you telling someone you need help. also, if you smile when an web ad appears on your screen , a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. huang and sebe software is a great use of technology that helps you out with different task you do daily. prof. thomas huang and prof. nicu sebe are developing a d computer that allows it and you to read you and other emotions. while dr. huang relies on dr. paul eckman creator of facial action coding system. the six basic emotions is happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. the reason i am all for this device because it benefits us to help everybody in the world out more. like counselors, if a person comes to the couselor but is scared to say what they are feeling you can use the emotion software. even if you are a teacher and doesnt know when a student needs help or is losing intrest in the assignment it can notify you when the student needs help or even help the student out on its own. muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crows feet in your eyes. this can help the computer caculate when your are showing an emotion of happiness by reading your face and notice when that muscle is moving. huang and sebe software invention that can tell others what a person is feeling is absolutely the next step into technology. i feel that this is a good idea becuase it can affect people in good ways and help others out. its all about the way you use it and the outcomes you get out of it.