the idea of driverless cars is an amazing idea that would be bring alot of postitve and negative factors. i believe that the positive out weights the negative factors in alot of aspects. the three main reasons i believe this is because it would be safer, its something that can be taken advantage of soon, and their are only a few laws that need to be disscused in order for this to happen. the first factor that i will attribute is the fact that it would make driving alot safer. the reason behind that is because the number one cause behind crashes and accidents is texting and driving. a driverless car would completely eliminate that! you could be on your phone, taking an important call, or just scrolling on social media. the sad thing is that most people behind the wheel do not take being on your phone and driving as a big deal. so if someone in control of their own car gets an important call, they more than likely will take it which increases the chances of an accident. that is one reason i believe that smart cars would be a positive thing, it will make driving alot safer. the second reason is that this is something that could be in affect very soon and what i think scares most states. the fact that something like this could be in our streets within four years is crazy! the article states,  mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that drive themselves by . some of the major car dealerships are already working towards this idea of a smart car so this is something that can and will be applied very soon. that is the second reason i think smart cars is a good idea, beacause this is something that can be in affect soon. the third and last reason i believe smart cars is a great idea is because it will only take minor laws to be added or taken for smart cars to be on the road. that is an amazing thing that there are only a couple of laws and things to be discusssd for this to happen. one of those things, as stated in the article, is the issue of who will be at falt if the technology fails in the smart car and someone is injured? that is one of the minor issues that need to be discusses but still thats something that can be resolved. that is the last reason i believe smart cars is a positive thing, it only has a few minor things to be settled legaly. smart cars is an amazing idea and invention. it will bring a whole new way of driving and getting places that will improve society. again the reasons are because they will prevent texting and driving, can be on our streets soon, and can have issues resolved easily. salute to a whole new generation of driving.