thats incorrect! sara shouted to her colligue. theorys are very unbelieveable myths, especially one with aliens. many believe research to be true, but others still believe in theorys. research is not always correct, but it can be proven correct after trial and error. the following agrument is concluding whether to believe theory or research is most truthful in the scenario of the face on mars. theory is false in many ways. it is based on an assumption or a belief that something irrelivant has happened. for example, believing in aliens or the big bang theory is quite inaccurate. we have no proof of their existance or records of their happenings. some believe the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. this was proved wrong by nasa scientist michael malin when he flew over cydonia for the first time ... his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. malins major accomplishment had thousands of anxious web surfers waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing... a natural landform. this spread news to the people that the research is in fact correct. the face on mars was not an alien monument because it is a natural landform. theorists still refused to believe this as they keep their hopes up to one day see alien forms of life. although the face on mars was proven not to be an alien monument, it does have to be specified to the public of an assumption on what they believe the formation might possibly be. jim garvin, chief scientist for nasas mars exploration program, concluded that it is a martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. yes, this is a type of theory, but it is a relevant theory based on a previous discovery of events. the previous statements prove that research is the most truthful way to belive in the scenario of the face on mars. scientists michael malin and jim garvin proved that the what was believed to be alien monument, was actually a landform that is common around the american west. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa. in conclusion, the face on earth is proven by research that it is not an alien monument, but an american west resembled mesa.