the article driverless cars are coming talks about the positive and negative aspects of the driverless cars. i am totally against the development of these cars. they are not safe, they are not necessary, and anything can go wrong. i do not like thinking that the production of these cars can lead to harm or bad things in the future. i am against the development of the driverless cars because they are not safe enough to be on real rodes. if there are children in the car and something happens to the car it could hurt the kids and be very dangerous. also not having control of the wheel at all times is dangerous because even now when people dont have their hands on the wheel there are multiple risks like crashing. another thing that is not safe about these cars is that if it goes out of control on the road many lifes could be in danger and no one would know if it was the driver or the car. another reason i am againt the driverless car is that they arent necessary. cars now are simple. people know how to press on the gas and turn the stearing wheel the way they want to go. it isnt necessary to make a brand new car that can drive on its own if people know how to drive with their hands and feet perfectly fine. a lot of people in the world drive. if they dont like driving they catch busses or taxis. even with the driverless car the car still needs a driver. and if most people drive there is no point in making a driverless car that you still have to drive. there is no point in paying a lot of money for a driverless car when you stil have to drive it. also why take chances on a car that you still have to drive when you have a car that you know how to drive? you would pay all that money just to still end up driving. a third reason im going against the development of the driverless car is that something can go wrong. there are so many things that could go wrong with the driverless car and no one should take that chance. if a sensor messes up and doesnt detect a wreck coming up instead of notifying the driver it could keep driving and crash into the other vehicals. there are so many different issues involving construction, wrecks, and traffic on the road and if one thing goes wrong with the car it could mess up everything and something very dangerous could happen. if it doesnt sense that their is construction ahead and it keeps going something bad could happen and people could end up paying a lot of money. having a driverless car isnt worth the risk. there are many reasons the driverless car doesnt need to be on the roads. they are not safe, they arent neccessary, and anything can go wrong at anytime. they shouldnt put the driverless cars on the road because if anything goes wrong everyone around could be in danger. the companies need to make sure that a sensor will never mess up and that everything is  perfect with the car before they put it out for anyone to use it.