mars face many people think that mars has life living on it. one example would be the two mile long landform, the face. people have been wondering for years what this odd shaped landform is, could it be an alien statue or just a natural landform. the face is not an alien formation, but a natural landform. when nasa sent viking , in , to photograph mars. they took images of the landscape there and stumbled upon a newly forming mesa or butte. once nasa brought the images back and analyzed them. they found that the face was nothing more than a martian mesa with unusual shadows that made it look like a face. then, in , mars global surveyor flew over the region again. they snapped several pictures of it, at a ten times higher resolution, i might add, and analyzed these new images. they finally put their images on the internet and revealed to the world, that the face was nothing more than a natural landform. finally, in , nasa sent mars global surveyor a second time to photograph the face. the team at nasa used the highest possible resolution to photograph this controversial piece of mars. they found that the picture shows the, martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, which are are also found in the american west. nasas chief scientist for the mars exploration program says, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. some people think that the face provides evidence for life on mars becasue nasa could not get a good shot of it. they do have a point that it would be hard to get a clear image of the face with challenging weather. yet, nasa has proven over and over again that the face is nothing more than a natural formation. the face is nothing more than a natural landform and not an alien formation. scientists found that is was a martian mesa but the unusual shadows made it look like a face. nasa also found that it was nothing more than a natural landform and the face looks very similar to buttes or mesas here on earth. others think that nasa could not have gotten good pictures because of the weather, but nasa has proven that the face is just a natural landform. the face is just a strange piece of mars and not a symbol of alien history.