to what lengths will one go in the name of discovery? in the article, the challenge of expolring venus, the author goes into great detail descrbing the dangers of venus in regards to overall climate and pressure. however, they also state that its striking similarties to earth would make the arduous trip worth the while. in the challenge of exploring venus, the author strongly supports their idea of supporting travel and explorations of venus through use of tone and argumentation skills. venus, commonly known as earths twin, is a planet often regarded with mystery and wonder. the author states that, humans have sent numerous spacecraft... unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived... more than a few hours the challenge of exploring venus . doing so, they introduce a sense of uneasiness to the reader and a need to continue reading. then, the author goes on to counter this with comparisons to earthlike or somewhat survivable conditions on venus, such as similar radiation and airpressure levels. according to the author, venus has not easy conditions, but survivable for humans the challenge of exploring venus . by introducing this counter statement, the articles author attempts to downplay the immense risks and gives a sense of reassurance. overall, the author harnesses specific tone elements to support his argument. throughout the article, the author emphasizes the dangers and horrible, risky conditions of venus, but successfully counters them with agruments providing evidence to the benefits of exploring and current steps taken to ensure safety and possible missions to the planet. according to the article, nasas possible solution to the hositile conditions... would allow scientists to tfloat above the fray the challenge of exploring venus . the author attempts to formulate arguments that would make a trip to venus a seemingly indisputable option. he also goes on to highlight the fact that although modern and flexible technologies would be unable to withstand the acidic and extremely hot climate of venus, nasa is looking to reinvent the mechanical computer system used in world war ii. in doing so, the author gives valid evidence to the reader, provoking thoughts in support to the articles claim. venus is a dangerous planet, but the curiosity of the human race appears to trump the fears of exploration. the author of the article, the challenge of exploring venus utilizes strong tone and compelling counter arguments to support their claim. the article also displays arguments from both sides, and allows the reader to understand the risks, but also be wooed by the oppsing view. this provokes the question, is there ever truly a limit to mans curiosity?