would you like to own a driverless car? or would you prefer to drive it on your own? a lot of people agree with this idea, and many do not. i personally dont believe that it is safe enough to be behind the wheel of this automobile. a driverless car, in my opinion, shouldnt even be an option in todays society. i disagree with this idea because, people tend to fall asleep and they simply do not pay enough attention to their surroundings. first of all, many people can hardly handle the simple instructions that theyre given to control a car on their own, so what makes sergey brin believe that theyll be able to sit back and let a car drive for its self? when a conflict occurs and its time for the driver to step in and take complete control of the car and they dont do so quick enough, then what? there will be another person lost or wounded due to driving. in paragraph  the texts simply states, manufactures are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. so, what makes the inventor of this senseless car believe that drivers wont doze off while sitting back and letting a computer drive for hundreds of miles? if the manufactures are implying that they will use cameras to watch what the driver is doing, then they simply do not trust their creation well enough to leave it to do its job. also, many people have lost their lives due to careless drivers. some people do not pay attention when theyre in full control of an automobile, so i strongly doubt that they will come to their senses while a computer is driving for them. if the car makes a mistake it will be on the driver to fix it, but if the driver isnt aware of what is going on then there will be a serious problem. paying attention to the road is something that many people just cannot seem to do. i find it very outrageous that this car will even be considered to be driven on the streets of the u.s.a. however, i do understand why some believe that this car will be the car of the future. i mean, who wouldnt want to sit back and relax while a computer does their job? when it comes to homework or something that im just not sure about, i leave it to my computer to give me the answers, but when it comes to driving a man made invention such as a car, im absolutely against it. if the car cant reverse on its own, then it is believed to be use less. in conclusion, i will continue to live by my opinion on prohibiting driverless cars because, people tend to fall asleep and they simply do not pay enough attention to their surroundings. advising drivers not to purchase these types of vehicles should be strongly proposed. however, i fully understand why someone would want to create an automobile that does just about everything for them.