i think that driverless cars shouldnt be developed. these cars shouldnt be developed for many reasons. as of right now, the cars still need driver assistance, but in the future they may not. what will that lead to though? these cars are not completely safe and accident free, many thingscan still happen. these cars shouldnt be developed because it can cause more accidents, the cars may malfunction and the driver wouldnt be capable of conrolling the car themselves, and then there is the problem of some people using these driverless cars, and some people wont be able to use them, which could cause problems as well. one reason why this car shouldnt be developed is because it can cause more accidents. dr. werner huber, a bmw project manager driver states, the car psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge. we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. he is basically saying that this is actually a pretty big challenge, because there are safety requirements that need to be met. there is also no laws for these cars. what happens if someone gets injured? who is going to be reliable for the injury? laws are writtern with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. this seems to be true. you cant always rely on robots, as i know you cant always rely on people, but when it comes to crunch time, and you need to make a big decision on the wheel, people are going to do whats best for them, robots are only going to do what they have been controlled to do. also, these cars can only handle functions up to  mph. there are speed limits that are way above this, and since there are no laws that would help it, the driver may get tickets for noy following the law of the speed limit. whe you look at the facts, this could cause serious disruptions, serious injuries, and many mishaps on the road. another reason why these ars shouldnt be developed are because the cars could malfunction at any time. you cant always rely on robots. they are only programmed to control certian situations, not all situations. as of right now, the cars arent reliable enough. it states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. we need to take these things into consideration. many people are ignorant, and may not pay attntion to te notifications it sends out. this is an accident waiting to happen. what if the driver doesnt hear the alert, or isnt paying attention becaause they give full control to the car? then things will go wrong, which could lead to accidnets or injuries. also, it says that the car steers, accelerates, and brakes itself. this can cause problems as well. since everyone wont have these cars, the car is going to have to rely on the other drivers on the road with them. they are going to have to worry about when the car in front of them goes or stops, when they pull out or pull in somewhere, if an accident happens in front of them, or if there is a road condition that they need to avoid. also, there is the scenario with lights. will the cars be able to stop at lights, or stop signs on there own? if not then this could cause huge accidents. the last problem is that some people wont be able to use them, and if they do, not efficiently. people, simply put, are stupid, so why would you rely on them to take over a car when the car stops working by itsself? you wouldnt. some people also have disabilities that can cause them to not hear or snese the notifications, and well there is people who wont be paying attention to the m either in all honesty. you have to put these things into consideration when making these revolutionary chnages to the world. one incident in the programming could cause serious catastrophic events. also, not everyone will be able to afford one of these cars. if people cant afford some of these cars, then that woudnt be safe. there would be some drivers that would have the cars, and some that wont. basically what im saying is that some people will go off their instinct and knowledge while driving, while others go off computer programming.that isnt a good idea, ebacsue usually people use signals with each other to figure what they need to do, but the car wont be able to do that. it just isnt safe for the roads to have both driverless cars, and cars that need drivers in them at the same time. people may argue that these kind of ideas are good, and that after all, the cars may be revolutionary and help the world. its just that robots cant be trusted, as certainly as people cant be either, but people will be able to make the best decision based on the current events at the time. just think, have you ever seen irobot? anything could happe, and many malfunctions could occur. to basically sum this up, the development of these cars are a bad idea. there will be many more accidents, more malfunctions, and the incapability of people wouldnt help any either. i think that this is a very bad idea, and as much as i want it to be a good diea, i just cant see it turning out fot he best.