in this article the author did a great job at explaining why we should still try to study venus. although there are many challenges nasa is trying to overcome, the author inlcuded details about the geology, weather, and what kind of technology we could use on venus. as stated in this article venus is the most earth like planet, meaning that earth and venus are ver similar. they both that a rocky sediment that eventually forms valleys, mountains, and even craters. scientists assume that long ago venus was actually mostly covered in water too, which would have made it possible for organisms to grow there. venus is also one of the closest planets to us  besides mars, that would make it easy to send things such as rovers to explore it. but there are some things about venus that arent so earth like and would make it difficult to explore. the author also explained in paragraph  that if nasa were to send something to venus there is no way it would survive the trecherous weather conditions. there is a thick atmosphere made up of blankets of carbon dioxide and under are currosive sulfuric acid clouds. since the atmosphere and clouds are so thick it makes it hard to even see in the first place. not to mention all of the volcanoes, earthquakes, and lightining that would destroy anything we sent up there. it is also said that venus has the hottest temperature of all the planets in our solar system resting at a whopping  degrees, which would melt almost any piece of technology we sent there. in paragraph  the author talks about how nasa is looking at different approaches to visiting venus, or sending technology out there. nasa has tested simplified electronics made of silicon carbide in a chamber that simulates what it would be like on venus and they lasted up to three weeks. but some think that if they were to use an old piece of technology from the s that it could possibly work as well. that piece of techology is called the mechianical computer, which actually uses no technology at all, it uses gears and levers to calculate things. but overall nasa would need to be careful due to the fact that it is  degrees on venus and that could melt several different things. in short, the author of the challenge of exploring venus did a great job supporting why people should not give up studying venus. they provided solid evidence of why our two planets are similar, weather conditions that would hold us back, and technology we could potentially use to explore venus.