does students emotions matter in a classroom?is using technology to see their emotions, actually useful?the answer to that is yes.the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable.students facial expressions can say a lot about how they feel or what they go through, and with the help of technology, teachers maybe able to see what works to get their students more happy.in the following, you will read why technology can actually help read students facial expressions. humans mostly use facial expressions and emotions to show how they feel,rather than talking about them. usually humans can tell how another person feels by looking at their expressions, but other times humans just hide it. emotional expressions are very important in human communication, especially if a student is in class studying, because then the teacher can help and see how the student feels. that is where technology comes in.teachers do not always know what to do when the students are bored or upset, but technology can help with that. dr. huang says,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructorparagraph , dalto.this shows that the computer can help change the students emotions to help learning more interesting for them.the computer can change its screen according to how the student feels about it. dr. huang says, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be differentparagraph ,dalto.the author shows how the students can choose what they want to see to make learning more interesting for them, with the help of technology. sometimes students dont want to talk about their feelings. when they have this program in their classroom, the students will have to smile at certain things so that they can watch what they want to see.smiling helps a lot with emotion and feelings.the author writes,according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce themparagraph , dalto.this shows that the more students smile for the computers, the more happy they may also feel.the author writes,empathyfeeling someone elses emotional state may happen because we unconsiously imitate another persons facial expressionsparagraph , dalto. the author states how one persons feelings can affect others. the computer can also do that to a student by letting them see things that make them happy. students may struggle with certain things that they are currently learning, so the computer can help make it easier and more fun for the student to understand. teachers often just teach the way they know how to, and they dont pay enough attention to the students emotions and facial expressions.technology can join the student and help teach himher in the way that they enjoy.this can lead to good grades and more happiness.its like a computer can have and understand human emotions, that some humans may have difficulty understanding.the author writes,of course most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etcparagraph , d alto.this shows that humans are normally not capable of telling anothers humans emotions. the author writes, ...da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical informationparagraph , dalto.this shows that the new computers have the capabitliy to see how a human is feeling, and help the students with learning. the facial action coding system has found a brilliant way of helping students learn. emotions can really affect how a certain student is concentarting in education, and sometimes it can even take over. humans use facial expressions to show their emotional expressions, and when their computer sees how they feel, it can make it more fun and interesting for the student to learn.students dont have to even mention their feelings, the computer can just see it.students tend to smile so that they can see what they want to see. the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of a student in a classroom is definitely valueable.