cars have long been viewed as a common method of transportation from point a to point b. however, in the world that we live in cars have become a burden and limited use would be best. efforts to reduce car usage have shown to reduce the rate of carbon dioxide produced and smog. the elimination of car use would lead way to further development for other methods of transportation. countries have taken the first step in banning car usage and its citizens have admitted to living nice and happier lives than they had before. common issues faced by car use is the production of carbon dioxide and the risk of smog. smog is a health hazard to those with asthma, young children, and the elderly. by limiting the use of a car, carbon dioxide and smog rates would plummet dramatically. when paris was faced with smog at nearrecord levels driving was banned and after a day of the driving ban smog levels were dropping already. cars, a major contributor to carbon dioxide production, can decrease the rate of the greenhouse effect by limiting their use. nearly  percent of the united states greenhouse emissions come from the use of cars alone. by not driving your car the rate of greenhouse emissions would drastically decrease. besides the nice look to a car, cars are often used because there appears to be no other way to travel long distances. other methods of transportation such as riding a bicycle, public transportation, and even walking are viable and beneficial methods of transportation. on bike you travel further than you would walking at a faster rate, bogota has begun the develpment of  miles of bicycle paths in hopes of reducing traffic and carbon dioxide emmisions. a near  percent of appropraitions are used on highways, the rest of the  percent are used on other methods of transportation. by finding other methods of transportation ie. walking, biking, public transportation the  percent used on highways could be used to greatly improve other methods of transportation, like public transport. the thought of parting from our cars is a terrifying idea, however countries around the world have taken the initiative and made these ideas law, laws that are benefiting their copuntries. in germany an ecperimental community, vauban, has little to no car activity.  percent of its families do not own a car and  percent sold their car to move to the community. startingly, not only is this small community a success but many residents claim to be happier than they were when they owned a car. columbia, like germany banned the use of cars for one day in bogota. not only is everyone enthusiatic of the event but this day has led to the reduction of smog in bogota. the question to drive a car is a simple one. why drive a car when you can walk, ride a bicycle, or can take the bus? by limiting our car use well reduce the rate of carbon dioxide emissions and smog. other countries have tested and proven that life without a car is not only realistic but very beneficial to how one feels. with the options of other forms of transportation we should limit our use of the car. in doing so wed be improving our lives and the rate of the greenhouse effect.