this article is about an author explaining why studying venus is a worthy puraauit despite the dangers that come with it. although studying venus is a big thing for nasa, their are still many risk and things to know before making such a discovery. in this acticle it says that venus may have been another copy of earth thousands of years ago. this may be true but some scientist are still not sure. but they have prove, in pictures of venus it is shown tha this plant has mountains and other features earth has. we all know earth is mosly covered in water, but many scientist thing that venus may have had water like earth thousands of years ago. in the article it say venus is somtimes referred as earths twin, and many scientist think that is true since both plants have some of the same features. but scientist still want to have a closer look deeper into venus so see if they are really twins or they are completly the oppsite of each other. next the paragraph talks about how many scientist have already sent various objects to venus but really didnt last that long cause of the density and tempature of venus. and since no spaceship has survived landing for more than a few hours, this explains why scientist are working reslly hard to get on venus. the author alson states that spaceship have not touch venus in over three decades which is a really long time. that saying that the author said is really powerful casue it shows how much time it has been and probaly how much time nasa has been working on this project. lastly in the article it says that scientist have reveled one of their projects that they have an impact in this discovery. nasa has reveled that they have been working on a computer that as they say can take the heat and the denisty of venus, which they say can becasue it was tested ina stimulation of venus. scientist have also said that this device can last up to three weeks in this weather which is a hige impact and accomplishment. the awesome thing about it is the device makes caluation from the gears and levers. and the aouther alsosaid that they used this type of technology in wwii which is very hard to think to have such high technology at such time. the author did an amazing job explaining why scintist should expolore venus more. heshe also did a good job explaing the details and facts about venus. heshe also did a good job showing the simlar and different features earth and venus had. but the important part part is how heshe supported their answer. after reading this article many people will agree with the descoveries that should be made in venus.