imagine a world completely pollution free. a world with no worry about greenhouse gases or global warming. while its highly unlikely that we will get to that point, we can still try to reach this perfectly healthy world. the are many advantages tolimiting car use, some of those advantages would be reducing stress, reducing the amount of pollution, and saving money. stress is a feeling that everyone can relate to. whether it be work, school, money, or home life stressing out about things is not healthy. there has been several studies showing that getting proper exercise has tremendous health benefits. the only problem is that no one ever seems to have time to work out or go on a walk. however, if you had to walk to get wherever youre going, you would easily recieve enough exercise to help lower your stress. plus, driving can be extremely stressful. without having to sit through traffic or deal with bad drivers an average persons stress levels would plummet. the first passage contains a quote from a suburban mom of two, when i had a car i was always tense. im so much happier this way. recently, i feel as if all i hear about on the news is greenhouse gases and pollution. honestly, hearing about global warming is a frightening experience, almost like a glass of cold water being thrown in your face.  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe are caused by passenger cars and in parts of the united states its up to  percent! while car companies are helping by rolling out hybrid and electric cars, those cars are very expensive! not everyone is willing to shell out that kind of money. by reducing car use, the harmful gases polluting our air will greatly decrease and places like paris,france and beijing, china both ver heavily polluted places can have clearer air. money. money seems like it rules our world and it really does. do you enjoy throwing moeny away? of course you dont! well, if you drive a car everywhere you go, you might as well be. gas prices are high and it takes upwards of  dollars to fill the tank of the average car. not to mention the price of the car itself! while you have to pay for gas, car insurance, maintence, and the bill for the car if its not paid off yet, people who walk to work or to the store and dont own a car are saving thousands of dollars a year. to conclude, when you reduce the use of cars you reduce stress, reduce the amount of pollution, and save money. if you want to leave the planet earth healthy and livable for the future generations, you should seriously consider ditching your car and buying a nice pair of walking shoes.