the long list of benefits that comes from limited car usage are mostly based on where you live and how much you do your part. laws and restrictions have been arriving across the entire world to see the effects of having little or no automobiles in the community. other countries that have an intense cloud of smog need to ban car use in the millions at a time to help settle down the atmosphere there. life without cars today can be very well described in elisabeth rosenthals article in german suburb, life goes on without cars . in her article she describes how the community is shaped and condensed in order to make travelling to necessarry places easy through walking or bike riding distance. this is the kind of turn around that the world needs as well. with the amount of pollution happening, this is a good experiment that will hopefully spread all over the planet. the amount of pollution affecting certain cities across the world is getting rather out of hand. in robert duffers article paris bans driving due to smog , he talks about the intense pollution over frances capital, resulting in the partial ban of almost half of the amount of cars on the road at once. those who violated the bans rules were fined, and thousands of cars were impounded as well due the the reaction of citizens when they received the fine. in paragraph  of the article, duffer states that  congestion was down  percent in the capital of france , after five days of intensifying smog. the ban clearly worked, showing that it was indeed the heavy number of vehicles on the road all at once. programs all across the world have gotten people in the millions to find other methods of travel that did not cause any pollution. columbia is a huge example as shown in andrew selskys article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota . in the article, selsky specifies about how millions of columbians have taken alternative modes of transport, whether it be hiking, biking, or skating as opposed to general driving. even on account of rain, the citizens found ways to get about without using their cars. this is making bogota a more human and social place as well, as selsky states,  parks and sports centers have also bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks. this event is happening for the good of the people and of the planet, and it seems like everyone is okay with that. with the way our world is rapidly changing with a new generation and new technology, we are going to have to adapt from our old habits. young adults are not seeing the full necessity of buying a vehicle when they can get to where they need to go by other means that are less expensive and less harmful to the environment. the need for everyone to have a car is slowly going down. it may never completely go away, but it is reducing greatly.