in the classroom the facial action coding system would be extremely valuable. there can be plenty of uses for this technology. however, in the clasroom is where it will prove to be a great benefit. the technology can give students help when needed and provide a more interesting learning experience. i will show you how the facial action coding system can accomplish all of this. this systems holds lots of value and should be used in classrooms as soon as possible. first, lets discuss all the help it will give to confused students. students often find themselves confused when given new or challenging material. so, with a device like the facial action coding system it can help those students. this will eliminate the miscommunication, time wasted, and even embrassement from the student. also, students can fake their emotions to the teacher and act like they understand. the system will know this and give him or her some help. dr. huang claims, most human comunication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. this proves why the system will hold great value. now, i want to talk about the interesting learning experience. during the school day students can become bored and unmotivated.this is regular human behavior that we all go through. however, with this system we can make their lessons more intruiging. this will make students more interested in learning the material. dr. huang predicted, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this all sounds too good to be true and people just might argue against it. they might claim that lessons should not be adapted to the student. rather, students should adapt around the lesson and learn how to complete these challenges in their work. i think that adults in our society dont seem to have been impacted from that way of teaching. it would be much better if the lessons could be slowly training the students. if we give them hard material then some may not do it and that will start a long slope to failure. in conclusion, the facial action coding system would be very valuable in the classroom. there is no reason to not have this great technology. why have confused and bored students? we can easily fix this problem by introducing this facial action coding system. day by day the technology will learn more about students world. then, day by day the students will learn more about the world of learning.