the election for the president of the united states uses the outdated electoral college system. the electoral college system should be retired and the election should be changed to popular vote for the president. even though electoral college avoids runoff elections, it is still corupt. we should change to popular vote because the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. therefore the electoal college should be abolished. to commense, the electoral college is unfair. the system uses the winnertakeall system in each state.because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know the have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states. said by the office of the federal register. for example, during the  campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all. thus making the electoral collge unfair. in adition, the electoral college is outdated. the voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors. the slate electors elect the president not the voters.if you lived in texas, fr instance, and wanted to vote for john kerry, youd vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to kerry. examole by the federal register. this proves that the system is outdated and the voters should elect the president. in addition, the electoral college is irrational. one of the most worrying prospect is the tie in the electoral vote. if this occurs the elction would be handed off to the house of representatives, where state delgations vote on the preident. pretty much the senate would choose the vicepresident.the election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe. said by the federal register. this is very unconvient if occurs during election. all in all, the state senator should abolish the electoral college system and change the electoin to popular vote. the electoral college system is unfair to voters. the system is outdated. and the system is overall irrational. therefore the state senator should abolish the electoral college system and use the popular vote system in the election for the president for the united states.