a new technology called the facial action coding system allows computers to read human emotions has recently been invented. it works by recreating the human muscular motions in the face that are characteristic of certain emotions. although this technology that allows computers to read emotions may seem irrelevent, ultimately the technology could potentially improve the way that students learn, and help students with social problems that they may have in school. to begin, the facial action coding technology can be used to tell whether or not a student is understanding a topic. according to dr. huang, a professor of the beckaman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... . this would allow the instructor to alter the way that they teach the topic to better convey the message. this can also be used when a student needs some kind of stimulation to be able to focus in class. the author nick dalto also states that the software can also identify mixed emotions . this would allow the teachers to see the students who are stressed and confused and those who are happy and excited. when a student is confused or stressed, the teacher can provide additional practice or tutoring in that subject. the information that a teacher can recieve from the software in very valuable. humans can read emotions to a certain extent, but some people are good at hiding how they really feel and this can be detrimental to their education. dr. huang states  most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication . by enabling teachers to use the technology, they can offer assistance to a student who may not ask for it otherwise. in addition, students can bennefit from this technology in the social environment. according to dr. huang the facial expressions for each emotion are universal . this means that if a student were getting bullied but they were hiding it, the teachers could find out the information quickly and help the student figure out what is going on. when a student is identified as being sad or depressed, the computer coud show funny pictures to help the student feel better. in fact, according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them . this means that by smiling, the students will actually make themselves feel better. overall, the use of facial action coding technology is very benneficial. whether it be from a strictly educational standpoint, or from the social envirionment side, the results are in favor of improving the school experience of students.