in the article, the challenge of exploring venus, venus is explained to be very dangerous, harsh, and challenging. in this article, the author suggests that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers that it presents. while the author does explain the harsh matters of the situation, he still supports his ideas and reasons on why venus should be worth exploring. in the article, the author states that, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts, but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.. this quote has good meaning and reasoning on why the author feels that venus should be worth exploring. with this quote, it is noticable that the author believes in taking risks. in this case, the author believes in taking a risk this big and challenging because it is greatly fascinating by astonomers and it will provide a great amount of knowledge that was once never known before. it will provide a sense of accomplishment, not just for nasa, but for everyone who wants to know what is living on places outside of earth. the author states, at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditons, but survivable for humans.. with this quote, the author is showing how he does understand the difficulties and dangers of going up and exploring venus. the author is listing a challenge but still comes back with a reason why venus should be worth the pursuit. in this quote, specifically, the author thinks the pursuit is worth is because humans will still survive that challenge. it may be harsh, but it can be accomplished. in the article, the author also states, more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. or maybe we should think of them as challenges.. in this quote, the author is stating that if scientists want to know more, explore more, and seek more about venus, then they are going to have to get very up close to it. the author is stating that yes, it will be dangerous, but it should be thought of as a challenge, not given up on. the author feels that a challenge like this should be accepted. in this article, the author feels that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers that it presents. the author ends with this statement, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.. the author is stating that if venus can be accomplished, so can a lot more.