thinking about a future with selfdriving cars make me think about shows and movies i would watch growing up. the fact that driverless car might be avaliable in the years soon to come get me really excited. for as long as i can remember, there has been films out about the future and they always seem to have some sort of driverless car or things similar to that. since the late s people where already starting to come up with concepts about selfdriving cars. my position on the whole driverless cars in the future is that i am pro selfdriving cars. and, here are a few reasons why. the cars they plan on making in the future would use up half of the fuel todays cars use. using less fuel will put us on the right path of working to reduce the use of fossil fuels , and help cut down on pollution as a whole. another reason why i am pro diverless car, is because selfdriving cars have been tested to drive more than half a million miles without crashing, when compared to humans driving cars. they have also added many saftey feature to these type of cars. like, sensors that can help prevent skids and rollovers. overall, driverless cars while have many, many saftey feature to create safer roads. now, like anything else there is cons to the pros i have just mentioned. one of them being that, they will just cost so much money, wway more than regular cars. like wise, in some states there are laws put in place that will not even allow for such cars like selfdriving cars to even be tested. another thing that was brought up is,  what if the driver gets boerd having to wait for their turn to drive?. meaning that, car prototypes have a feature that will drive for you but, you have to have your hands on the wheel and the car will swich over to the drive incase of the event ther is road work or acciedent. and, one of the most important things that was mentioned in the article is, what is the driver where to get in an accident while in a selfdriving car?, would the car manufactuer be at fault or the person in the driverless car. cases like this will be hard to solve due to the many factor involved. all in all there are some negatives aspects to the selfdriving car. to reflect back on everything, having selfdriving, or driverless car would be an amazing accoplishment for the human race. there are some cons and some pros to the whole situation, but for me, i am pro driverless cars. think about all of the inventions that could come from the driverless car. this will open new doors of opportunity for the next generations, as well as this one. this could all impact the quality of life drastically. everything we do will have an impact on the future. so, we should continue work on protypes to make the roads a better and a safer place.