the author suggest studys that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. venus the evening star is one of the brighest or the brightest star in the night sky, its so bright that even an amateur stargazer could spot it. venus is alot like earth, you clould even call them twins on how similiar they are. venus has the same density and size to earth but the differences are that venuss face is very hot and unliviable but the author thinks otherwise, he talks about how scientist are studying venus alot more than they did, and as well as talks about how nasa has a particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. does studys show that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents? the first reason why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents is venus is righta roung the corner in space terms, people from eath sent multiple spacecraft to venus each mission was unmanned and for good reason, venus would destroy the space craft in a matter of hours. thats why humans hasnt lsent a spaceship to venus in  decades. the author also talks about about if planet is so inhospitable, why are scientist even discussing furthering vists to its surface he also follows that up with astronomers are facinated by venus because it may have been the most earth like planet in our solor system, long ago venus was probably covered in water and large oceans and could have supported various life forms of life venus alo has some familar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters jus like earth. furthermore venus could be our safe route to and back, and also having the fastest time of getting there given the time frame of space travel. the second reason why the study of venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents are that the national aeronautics and space adminnistration nasa has on particlular comnpelling idea fro sending humans to study venus. nasa has a plan for these harsh conditions venus might throw at us like the very hot surface, etc but venus would allow the scientist to float above the fray and not touch the ground.theres also unfriendly ground conditions that venus woulkd give like the ground being  degrees farrenheit, and radiations that would be plentiful but surivable for humans. the author gave out muliple reason on why its a worthy pursuit like nasa thinking about sending people to venus and the scientist studying more on venus like never before as well as the safeness and the time for us to get there is like notyhing else.