welcome back to your new math lesson! an automated voice shouts into the students headphones, jolting them awake. they look at their school issued chromebook to see that the previously boring and sleepinducing math lesson has changed into something that makes it hard to even think about sleeping. studies have shown that human emotion is able to be calculated and predicted and this technology may be present in classrooms. but is this really necessary? this sort of technology isnt needed for reasons such as humans already being able to read others emotions, human anatomy giving away emotions, and the technology just simply not being able to be used by a schools computers. one reason the technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not as valuable as it seems is because already, humans are able to read each others expressions. in the fifth paragraph, the author states that, for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. this shows that humans are able to predict how someone is feeling in the same way that the technology being developed is. people are able to register that certain facial features indicate certain emotions. this is what the technology is attempting to replicate. another way that the technology being developed is not as valuable as it seems is that human anatomy plays a role in showing emotions. also stated in the fifth paragraph, the author mentions that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. this shows that humans do not need the assistance of technology in order to understand emotions. humans are able to study the anatomy of the facial muscles and understand that certain movements can express certain emotions. a final way the technology is not valuable enough to be used in classrooms is simply because schools may not be able to support the software. in the seventh paragraph, the author points out that your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. if a home pc isnt apple to support the software, it is very likely that school computers wont be able to as well. more often than not, computers used in school arent as high quality as ones used in home for personal use. in the end, there is a very real chance that schools wont be able to have access to this technology. in conclusion, the technology to read human emotions is not valuable for use in classrooms. humans are able to read and respond to emotions without the help of software. a teacher sees her student almost falling asleep in class and decides to change up her lesson plan the next day in hopes of her student going from being bored to excited and willing to participate the next day.