in the artical making mona lisa smile. the author describes how this new techology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify humans emotion. this technology is valuable in a classroom to read emotional expressions because, it wolud make the lesson we do on the computer more intresting, it could help us know how people are felling in that exact time and, it could give us more of an explanation on older pictures so we can understand the picture a little bit better. first of all, the facial action coding system would be valuable in a classroom today because, it would make the lesson we do on the computer more intresting. what this means is that insead of a teacher just giving out a lesson that half the class wont even like, the facial action coding system would elinonate that because it get our emotions and give each indiviual person a lesson that fits them the best.a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. seconltly, the facial action coding system would be valuable in a classrom today because, it could help peolpe know how people are felling in the exact time or the picture kind of like we were there in the moment. ok, if someone took a picture and put it on facebook or something you wouldnt know how there felling you would just know what they wanted you to feel. just because someone is smiling that doesnt mean they are happy, it just means they are smiling, but with the facial action coding system we would know how the person is actualy felling thirldy, the facial action coding system wpuld be valuable in a classrom today because, it could give us more of an explanation on older pictures so we can understand the picture a little bit better. so just like the mona lisa the facial action coding system helped us understand how she was felling a the time of the picture. to sum this all up, the facial action coding system is valuable in a classroom to read emotional expressions because, it wolud make the lesson we do on the computer more intresting, it could help us know how people are felling in that exact time and, it could give us more of an explanation on older pictures so we can understand the picture a little bit better.