in the article driverless cars are coming, it states how there are both positive and negative things about driverless cars. to some people, driverless cars are a gift from heaven and are most definitely needed. and to others like me? absolutely no point in them whatsoever and no benefit in the long run nor short run. technology controls most of our world now such as social media, what we see on the news, etc. but we dont have to let technology controltake over the basics of life. companies such as google have been working on this sort of project for a long time. and theyve actually been somewhat successful in creating a driverless car. somewhat as in being you still need a human inside of the car so it can do some things that the car itself cant. i personally find no point in having a car that calls itself driverless when in reality it still needs a human to do the basics for it. technology is a very good but bad thing in a way. people createinvent things so it can be easier for everyone. whether its from phones, to moving chairs, etc. it can benefit in a lot of areas in peoples lives. but its not always good. in a lot of ways, technology can also be bad. now im not speaking about the united states of america in general but im just going to use it as an example. a lot of american citizens deal with obesity, and i think technology plays a role in why so many americans dealdealt with it. technology makes us lazy, or even lazier than before. we have escalators instead of stairs so we dont have to walk down, we have taxi services such as uber for people to drive us around instead of us driving ourselves to whatever destinationin some cases, and now were trying to make cars that dont even need us to drive. i think we should use technology in a smart, more effective way instead of trying to make us not press the gas pedalbrake and move our arms. its good to stay in shape and stay fit, and its not good to always try to find a shortcut. these driverless cars seem very expensive to manufacture. the talk of them between major car companies in this article dont seem so cheap. major car companies like bmw, or mercedes benz arent in everybodys price range. the more these cars keep on improving, the more expensive they get. and it doesnt seem lile theyll be released to the general public, but instead released to those who can only afford it. plus, if every major car company were to invest in the idea of driverless cars, it would bring the rest of their cars that are automatic or stick shift down the drain. it would be bad for the car companiesmanufacturers and those who are buyingcant afford a driverless car. this is my opinion on driverless cars and why i think we dont need them nor should we invest in them. i also feel as if not only would it rip away our money, active life, etc. it would also take away the basics of life. basics of life as in meaning when a family has a daughterson that is the age to begin driving. parents wont be able to teach their children how to drive anymore if driverless cars take over the car market. teach your children how to drive, be active, spend less money. buy a car you can drive in. not a driverless car.