based on the information in the article called car free cities. in source one german suburb,life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal in passage five it sais automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where the middle class families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes.and that experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. in the same passage it sais that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some car intensive areas in the united states. in source two paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer. in passage  it said that congestion is down  percent in the capitol of france, after five days of intensifying smog. the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. driving causes the build up of polution which can be dangerous. in source three car free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky. in passage  it sais that its a good opprotunity to take away stress and lower air polution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a two seat bicycle with his wife. in passage  of article three it sais that parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. in source four the end of car culpture by elisabeth rosenthal. in passage  it sais many sociologists believe it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest of americas emissions, just behind power plants. so as it sais in the article car free cities. the advantages of limiting car usage are better for the enviroment and healthier for us to breath in, the community comes together which helps create a walk through town a nice and stress free way to get to your destination, and it also helps make the community be healthier as a whole.