the challenge of exploring venus venus is a one of the brightest point of light in the nigth sky. the author of this article talk some example that the atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide also on the planet surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater that what experience on our planet. he talk of all this conditions are really extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. after he explain that not matter that conditions the antromers are facinated by venus because they that it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. and that venus maybe one day it can be our home and humans can live in there. for the moment the nasa some ideas in how study venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because the nasa study venus they wiil sent humans to venus, in a blimplike vehicle hovering  miles above the roiling venusian landscape. like jet airplanes that travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, that vesicle will fly over venus without touching the ground and giving them the oportunitie to study venus. but it could not work because the temperture would still be at toasty at round  degrees fahrenheit and the solar power would be plentiful and radiation would not exceed earth levels. but as a challenge many researchers are working on innovations that would allow their machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to their knowledge of venus. some examples are simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos os venus surface, and have lasted for theree weeks in such conditions. other project is to look back to an old techonology called mechanical computers. my conclusion of this essay is that the author does a good supporting of his evaluacion the idea to study venus by giving some waht it wiil happed if they sent some their with just something that they are not really sure. he gives some some good examples what the nasa will do as using old technology called mechanical computer. and using some silicon.he give some bad explanations that what it will happend but give some really good information about what the nasa is working in to explore venus. also meet the challengepresent by venus has value not only because of the insigth to be gained on the planet itself, but also bacause human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. it said that we should not be limit by dangers, we should explore and expanded to meet the imagination and innovation.