when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walker, in carfree cities by elizabeth rosenthal. currently in the united states,  percent of people own a vehicle. which means in the average city is a busy street, car horns honking, triffic conjested place to live. limiting car usage can be beneficial to you, your city, and your planet. limiting car usage can have great advantages on the earth. almost half of the greenhouse gas in the united states is from cars. greenhouse gas has an effect on the north and south poles that makes them melt faster causeing the sea level to rise. so, if we were to lessen the use of cars we would be doing a great favor to the earth. many times on the news we hear about oil spills, and big or small, it hurts so many sea animals because it gets in their fur and when prey wants to eat those contaminated animals they die. think of all the innocent animals that get hurt so that cars have gas to run on. living in a carfree city can benefit the whole community. knowing all or your neighbors is pretty rare now because everyone is always on the go driving somewhere, or cooped up in their home. walking or biking to the store with your neighbors can be the new normal if car usage was limited. vehicles will actually hurt your health in the long run, because cars put so much pollution in the air which will eventually make the air too toxic to breathe. in, paris bans driving due to smog by pobert duffer, just one day with half of paris not driving the smog cleared enough that they didnt have to ban driving the next day. according to the u.s. motor vehicle accident website, every ten minutes somebody dies in the united states due to a car accident. loved ones can be saved if car usage is limited. reducing the usage of cars will benefit your well being. driving a vehicle requires so much attention and focus, it is quite stressful. it is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said carlos arturo during bogota, colombias carfree day. people of vauban, germany a city that gave up cars are happier, they have more energy, and they even look younger. gas is at an everage price of two dollars and thirty cents, think of all the money that can be saved and put towards something else if you never had to pay for gas again! limiting car usage will help you financially, physically, and mentally. overall, a city without cars has many advantages. people can see the people they love and the planet they love prosper without the usage of vehicles. according to, the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal, bill ford, executive chairman of the ford motor company, proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which, pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety.