is studying venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents? this planet is sometimes called the evening star. venus is the second planet from the sun. venus is proved to be a very challenging place to examine more closely. venus is the closet planet to earth in terms of density and size. studying venus is a worthy pursuit because of the fascination that venus might have been earthlike planet and that nasa has a particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. in paragraph , it shows how venus might have been earthlike planet, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus has some features that are similar to those on earth such as surface of rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, given a long time of space travel. however, returning to venus seems indisputable. the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive to return to venus is pretty challenging. in paragraph , it shows how nasa has a particularly idea for sending humans,  the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. the possible solutions is that the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. they are basically trying to create a vehicle thats hovering  or some miles above the roiling venusian landscape. scientists are going to be hovering safely far above the planet it can only provide limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. however, while scientists are hovering above of venus they will not be able to take samples of rocks, gases, or anything else, from a distance. in conclusion, studying venus is worthy. venus might be challenging to study but researchers and scientists are trying to figure how we can study venus. this planet has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because of human curiosity. so yes, studying venus is worthy despite its dangers.