the author of this article demonstrates and tells us a variety of factors that contribute to the fact that although venus has several dangers surrounding it, the idea of studying venus is worth the persuit well. throughout the passage the author tells us the pros and the cons venus has, but he somehow continues to try to persuade the reader that if more research and studying is done, it will all be worth it in the long run. not only does he tried to persuade us, the reader, with his writing, but he also includes several facts proven nationwide by professional companies and sources. the author solely begins to reference nasa and how they play a role in advancing the knowledge of venus throughout the course of studies. he uses evidence such as, venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. just as our jet panes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground condtions by staying up and out of their way. the text also states, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. the author includes this to give the reader a reasonable idea of what one of the largest space companies has come up with to begin to send humans to venus. furthering his persuasion, he continues to include details in the text about some of the innovations many researchers are working on that could contribute to expanding our knowledge of venus. following the details of nasa and their idea to visit venus, the author includes evidence about some of the many innovations researchers are working on, along with how nasa is contributing to help better these innovations. the author does a very good job at describing some of the innovations created, and how they will help contribute meaningfully to our discoveries of venus. the text states, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the choas of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. the text also states, another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computer. systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. although the author does a very well job at trying to persuade the reader that studying for venus is a worthy pursuit, i completely oppose his idea and what he is trying to do. my claim of this article is that all the research of venus and trying to pursuit the idea that it will all be worth it is false. it will not be worth it, and i can support my answer with several different ideas from the text. first, the text states,  no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this is a major reason because if something like a spacecraft made out of hard metal, with a weight of a couple tons can not survive for more than a few hours, imagine what could happen with the human body. secondly, venus provides a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets and contains clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid which if the human body is exposed to, can deteriate and die at an instant. lastly, on venuss surface, the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what us humans currently experience on earth. these conditions also have the capability to liquefy many metals. with these kind of statistics from the planet venus, there is no realistic survival chance for any human body, which is why i completely oppose what the author in this article is trying to do. the author of this article supported his claim that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers. although he properly demonstrated why he supports furthering studies, i oppose his idea as i read the statistics from venus and why furthering investigation of this planet would be in reality pointless. this concludes his reasoning behind wanting to continue studies, along with why i chose to oppose his idea of venus.