in the article provided called making mona lisa smile the author describes to us how there is new technology being developed that can identify human emotions. this technolofy called the facial action coding system, like us will be able to make the same calculation we do to tell if our friends are happy, sad mad, etc. now this computer software stores anatomical informationn as if it were a electronic code. many have thought that since this technonology enables computers to read human emotions why not put it in a classroom setting where it can teach a whole group instuction and modify the lesson once theres a sign of confussion in a childs facial expression. i personally beleive that this software should be included in clasrooms for various reasons. for starters the facial action coding system is very valuable for the classroom setting because like i stated before if there is even a slight sign of confusion the new technology will be able to pick it up and improve to find a way for the student to coprehend the material. while the system uses video imagery the emotionrecognition software tracks all these facial movements in a real time face or in any image. just imagine a computer being able to tell when you smile at a lesson plan because its easy to coperhend futhermore, the system will tr to find similar lessons plans like the one you were sown for next time.now if you dislike it and frown the computer will take notice and the lesson plan will be diffrent next time. another reason we should have the facial action coding system in classrooms is because many children in this generation are either to shy to ask questions to the instuctors or just scared that they will e made fun of. since the student is to scared or just simply to shy to ask a question he or she will not be able to understand the topic however, with the system in the computer the student wouldnt even need to raise their hand in doubt because the technology already detected his or her confussion and is finding a solution as soon as possible. last but not least most human communication is nonverbal, dont you agree? i think its time for computers to understand that to. since the computer can detect emotions without hearing anything spoken it will be able to detect if the students are happy with the lesson plan, confused with it, or just not like it. all with one look at the students faces. this hencing adapting and improving more quickly so students can learn the material and suceed. so can you imagine not having those long boring talks teachers give or actually understanding what they are trying to get you to comperhend? all your classroom problem will be solved with the facial action coding system which will help you learn much faster and efficently therefor, setting you on the path to sucesses.