driverless cars are on the rise in the u.s. lots of different car companies are trying to continue the development of driverless cars. i personally think that they are a great idea, and their are many reasons why i think that. a computer driving the car is safer than a human, if a plane can go on autopilot why cant cars, and last but not least, the human in the car can take over any time. i think that if all computers were controlling cars on the road it would be much safer than all humans controlling cars, and this is why. people get distracted on the road all the time. other people in the car, their phones, things happening outside while theyre driving and some people even drive drunk! the computer will never get distracted by the surroundings, giving it ultimate focus on the road. all the human has to do is stay alert and make sure theyre ready to take over when they need to use their human skills. planes are put on autopilot all the time, and the people that make driving laws think driverless cars arent safe. if thats the case, everybody should be scared for their lives when they get on a plane. planes are put into autopilot a lot, and have no problems. sometimes, autopilot flies the plane smoother than the pilot. the driving laws think that people will not pay attention to the road with a computer controlling the car, but even when theyre driving people still dont pay attenion to the road . so with a computer driving it, you atleast know something is watching the road. the last thing i have to say is that when the computer cant handle a situation, the driver can take over at any time. when the person needs to take over, the car quickly alerts the driver so they can handle the situation. gm developed a seat vibrator for when the car is about to back up into something. other options are flashing windshield lights and even the cars having cameras so they can watch the driver while the driver watches the road. so work zones and accidents wont be a problem, the three things i have said autopilot, a computer driving is safer, and the fact that a human can take over any time are just a few of the reasons they should allow driverless cars. soon they will be a big thing in the u.s and around the world. automakers are continuing the development of them and soon they will be on the road. i know ill be getting one.