driverless cars gives the world an oppurtunity that offers a great convience. in my aspect, i would never drive a driverless car because it is unecessary in this world. although, the aspect of accidents in cars would drop by a major level, the fun of driving a car would all be gone. even though the car would have a manual mode, where the driver has to drive a car through the work zone and around accidents, it would not be as enertaining as to drive on the highway at high speeds. additionally, if driverless cars were an idea that was put to use, many people would lose their jobs, because a lot of the jobs that people have are to make sure that the highway is safe. if driverless cars were there, there would be no need for those people, because the roads would be safe. the whole point of driverless cars is so that the human inside the vehicle does not have to do any work while in the car to drive it. if the car still needs a human to watch over it and navigate it through the work zones and accidents, there is not really a point in the cars. like said in paragraph , they can streer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills.., there should not really be that human skills part of the sentence, because in the pharse driverless cars, it says so itself that the car is driverless, and if a driver is still required then the cars are not really driverless. there is also the question of if someone is injured, who is at the fault the driver of the manfacturer. this question was presented in paragraph , and does not have an answer at the time. i think this is a very vaild point that the article is making because it could be eithers fault. although, considering the fact that people still buy cars these days, and if someone is hurt, it is usually the drivers fault. i would think that there is somekind of waiver of some sort that says, if you buy this product, you are using it at your own risk. although this again, just supports the argument of driveless cars are not necessary in this world. considering the content from the article, i think that driverless cars still require a lot of work, but hopefully manufacturers can perfect them. they need to reinvent driving in a fun way, like said in paragraph  by dr. werner huber. he said that we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. the true challenge to driverless cars, lies in this. i would support driverless cars if they can truly accomplish driverless cars in a fun and new way.