who would want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt you feel bored waiting for your turn to drive. if by chance, you got in an accident, who would you blame? the driver which will be you or the manufacture? i were in your shoes, i would rather drive around myself. i would rather drvier around myself, because i trust myself more than their driverless car. i believe any company should not try to developed driverless car. first of all, i believe that any company should not try to developed a driverless car because it cause more accident. i believe it will cause more accident because the driverless car they develope is not  percent safe. imagine a  cars driving it self in high way. you dont know who they are going to break or stop working. even tho gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object i still would not trust it. will you be ready when its vibrate? second of all, i believe that any company should not try to developed a driverless car because it can lead to serious trouble. for example, if you get in an accident, who will you blame while driving driverless car? will you blame yourself or the company. i can tell you this. no one wont want to lose their money. you wont want to lose your money nor the manufacturer. when this happen, someone will fill lawsuit. the company and the people will hate each other. another reason i believe that any company should not try to developed a driverless car because anyone wont like a driverless car who need assit. what is the different between you driving the car and you have to be ready when ever the car need assit. i can tell you that many people hate to wait. also you can trust  percent that when the car need your assit. you dont know for sure that it will alert you. it is man mad car. anything can happen. if i were you i will not trust them because they can lead you to death. finally, i believe that any company should not try to developed a driverless car because you can drive as you please. pretend you are late for something. and you need to get there fast. you need to go faster and driverless car has certain speed. this are the reason i believe manufacturing should not develope a carless car.