with the new facial action coding system facs, scientists can now make computers to read and interpret human emotions revealed through facial expressions. one of the applications is using the technology in classrooms to analyze the facial expressions of the students during classes. personally, i do not approve the value of applying this technology in classrooms to read students emotions. first, the facs technology is a brand new technology with a lot of space for development. it is highly effective and useful in many different areas. for example, historians can use the technology to interpret the emotions of historical figures on paintings and photos. psychologists can use this technology to aid understanding and analyzing the emotions of patients in order to reselove the emotional issues. the technology may be applied in law enforcement as well by analyzing the emotions of criminals and enemies to obtain useful inteligence. also, as the article mentioned, facs has a bright future in animation and video editing. with all the potential developments of facs, using the technology just to analyze the students in schools to know if theyre interested and engaging during classes seems like a waste of the asset. a good teacher is well aware of the students in the class. teachers know if a student is interested. they can either catch the students attention or teach without people paying attention. it would cost a great amount of money to apply facs in all the schools. instead of spending the money on the technology, it would be better to use the money on teachers training programs and improving teaching regulations to make sure the courses taken by the students are benefitial and interesting, so the classes are more likely to attract students attention. this is a far more effective method to resolve the issue than spending a lot of money and applying the technology on students who tend not to pay attention in classes. the main focus of the development of facs should be on other areas which bring more benefits and possibilities to the future. secondly, it would be considered as privacy invasion to apply the facs technology in a public location, like schools. personal emotions are definately considered as personal privacy. people do not have the rights to spy on other peoples emotions, especially when they keep their emotions to themselves. the facs technology should not be applied in a way which gathering peoples emotions by reading the facial expressions without permission. if it is being used in schools, it surely will be a mendatory requirement because students do not have more control over teachers. emotions are one of the unique qualities owned by humans as a very advanced form of life. the creators of the facs technology are supposed to understand the point and respect normal human emotions in daily life. in addition, the use of facs in schools is relatively not applicable. firstly, it requires a large amount of funds to apply the technology. secondly, teenagers in high school are going through a stage of life where they are unstable emotionally and value their privacy greatly. there is no doubt that the teenage students would strongly oppose the idea of using facs technology in the classrooms and observing their emotions all the time. in conclusion, it is not of enough value to use the facial action coding system to identify students emotions in a classroom. based on the two reasons previously mentioned, the effective way would be ensuring the students are interested and attracted by the classes, rather than finding out whether theyre are paying attention. and, it is socially unacceptable and not applicable to apply the technology on students. therefore, instead of spending the money and time monitoring on students emotions, why not developing the facs technology for other more influential and benefitial potentials?