some people think that the face on mars was created by aliens, which is anaccurate. mars obviously has alot of natural disasters on its planet almost daily. these natural disasters couldve made the surface into a face like shape by how much damage was caused to the enviroment. mars is full of red bolders that could of been tossed around by the storms and left marks or craters in the surface. i have a little more detail to my theory. first, there is no sign of alien life on mars. im not saying theres no sign of life on mars period, there is sign of water being on that planet and possibaly plants as well. its just that there is no sign of a species on that planet, not even fossils of the so called aliens. if there was any aliens on mars what material would they have to make any form in the ground. aliens probably wont have any exsplosives on their planet with no material to make it with. next, if there were any aliens why would they make a face on the ground. it has no meaning to it, it might just be a rulerking or something to their people. i dont think aliens would want to put a face on the ground that barely looks like a face. the enviroment made the form because the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho was made by our enviroment, so it can be a caquensadence. thats a compairason that leads me to believe the enviroment of mars made that face on the surface. then, there are scientific facts and quotes from nasa that supports lots of evidence. michael malin and his mars orbiter revealed that the face was a natural landform. and added that there was no alien monument after all.. the team snapped ten photos of the lanform that was sharper then the first camera of viking . this team gives more evidence than the conspiracy theories by the public. in conclusion, i think that my theory is both accurate and logical. i took edvice from people who did their research on this topic. the evidence that i took were both believable and not crazy theories from ordinary citizens. these are my reasonings on why i think that the face was made by mars enviroment.