the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by explaining and going in depth about how hard, challenging, and doubts the studying of venus is going to be, but that how in the end it will all be worth it at the end of the day. the author expresses to us that after all this reaserch that we the people on earth will be able to expaind one day to different places. he also goes through the entire artical talking about all the challenges of exploring the planet venus, but in that last parograph explains why it is important we the people on earth should keep going and striving to gain knowleg and expaind our travels. despite all the challenges and dangers of exploring the planet venus the author believes in still going and in doing the reaserch... why? you might ask yourself. in parograph  the author states, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this tells us that if we strive to pass this challenge then we will hve so much benifit and gain so much more then all of those challenges and problems in the end, and we will be able to travel on earth and beyond. so, the author supports the idea of studying venus even though there are many dangers it presents, the benifits out way the concenqenses. the author explains this in a way that is very different where through out almosed the entire articale he talks about all the challenges it would be to explore more about venus, but just in the last parograph is when he talks about us the people onn earth striving to overcome the chalenges and the value, and the things that will be gained from not limiting our travels on earth and beyond. he puts this articale together very well because in that last parograph the author does a really good jod of explaining why we should still explore venus even after all he just said about all the different challenges they have and will still have to face with venus.