the use of the facial action coding system technology in a classroom is not valuable. it could easily distract children from school work. the technology is not needed for any need in a classroom. and the technology goes against normal morals and personal space. the technology shouldnt be used in a classroom. the use of this technology could easily distract a child from school work. during a school task, the child nor teacher needs to know the childs emotions. as a now high school student, ive seen that school work doesnt need your emotions. school is for learning, not for counceling. the only place this technology could be used is in theater or health managment. im sure this technology would cost a lot of money that many school districts dont have. multiple school distrcts in my area are hurting, and they cant afford to pay for this technology that isnt needed. after the fact of ditraction, the technology doesnt have a select purpose. there isnt a need for it in schools. why would you need to know your emotions for a school task? school is a place for all children to learn subjects like math, language arts, and science. school is not for counceling. there are supplies schools need more than emotion recongnizing technology. there isnt a place for it in learning through grade school, perhaps in college if you are studying to be some type of counceler. last but not least, this technology goes against personal space! no one wants a computer reading their emotions while trying to test, or without knowing. it is a persons right to keep how they feel to themselves. it is unecessary for a teacher to need to know a students emotions. if the student wants to tell a teacher that he is feeling upset heshe has the right to do so. and if the student would not want anyone to know, it is his right not to have anyone to know. it may be good for a student to reach out to a teacher for help, however, this doesnt mean a teacher needs to know a students emotions based of this technology. during test in schools we have to put our phones nd earbuds away to prevent ditraction. so why have a technology that would distract a child from a task? this technology isnt needed in schools and isnt valuable in schools. it would be a big waste of money for a school district to buy this technology and only use in one or so classes.