what you are about to read is going to give you insight on the advantages and disadvantages there are when talking about limiting car usage. in the next few paragraphs and sentences i am going to state true facts about the advantages and disadvantages of limiting your forms of transportaion. i will also talk about not just the individual advantages and disadvantages, but i will also talk about how it could help or hurt, a community. now strap down, lets click on those seat belts, and go for a ride, all puns intended. i think it would probably be best if we started this paper off by talking about the disadvantages right off the bat. now, the first one that i think everyone thought of right away would be that of, how could places like the united states of america, a country that is thousands of miles wide, convert to what is being proposed in these articles? where i live now is on the ocean, so on the outskirts of our city, location_name, to be exact. if our county, location_name, was to change to this ideal, then we would have to bike about  miles just to get to the bridge to get across the river back to main land. another example would eb that where i used to live, location_name, there was a lot of land seperating my old house and the main drag of my town. in the summer, it wouldnt be that big of a deal to just take a bike and gon on a bike ride, but when it came around to it being winter i would probably want to take a car that had x wheel drive, if you catch my drift. i think that the disadvantages are painfully obvious when it comes to this system, but i could definetley see it working in large citites not unlike chicago, new york, los angeles, and so on. now that weve finally gotten the disadvantages out of the way, we can talk about how this would help communitites all across the world become safer and cleaner. in the first article i read a quote that i thought was perfect for the advantages paragraph. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happer this way, paragraph , lines  this really got my attention right from the get go because it made me think about our daily lives and how i feel when im behind the wheel. im always stressed im going to wreck my car! the other thing that caught my eye was when i read about the columbian city of bogota. in bogota, they banned all motor vehicles except buses and taxis for a day. a businessman was quoted as saying its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, it seems that when the idea of outlawing all motor vehicles and having only bikes and your feet for transportation, people are a lot happier. in conclusion, i would love to see less cars on the roads, and see more people switch to greener alternatives such as bikes, skateboards, feet, etc. i think it would also take care of the issue of obesity and pollution. the only thing that i find hard to believe is that we would just disband the use of cars all together. i think that we have built so many roads all over the place that finding another use for them would be hard. all in all however, i think this is a great idea. to have communities closer together which would form stronger community bonds and it would allow us to drastically reduce the amount of pollution we create each year.