someone has been working hard for  greuling hours at their work. their drive home is two hours on long, boring, quiet back roads. how are they supposed to stay awake and drive in those conditions? driverless cars could be the solution to that. driverless cars could whisk that person to their house safely and securely. driverless cars should be made because they would provide extra safety when in cars, give unqualfied drivers more transportation, and make driving more enteraining. driverless cars would provide extra safety when in cars. technology is so advanced today that a driverles car would have several sensors to keep the car from crashing, swerving, and other disasters. there would be sensors on almost all aspects of the car, such as a d camera for vision, speed sensors on the wheels, and motion sensors. there would be very strong motion sensors to track moving objects around the car within s wide radius so the car can detect when to slow down or stop in traffic. also, the frame of the car would be bigger and stronger, so if an accidident occured the driver would be less affected. driverless cars would give unqualified drivers more transportation. elderly people who have trouble seeing or other problems with their body can pose a serious threat to other drivers. instead of kicking them off of the road, they could be placed in driverless cars so they will not have to drive. they would be able to sit back and relax while the car takes care of the driving. also, it could help people with temporary conditions. people who are very tired,have broken limbs, or have certain disabilities or diseases possibly cannot operate a vehicle properly. while a sleepy driver takes a nap, the car would drive them home safely and when they get home, it would wake them up with an alarm. driverless cars could help out mostly anyone. driverless cars would make driving much more entertaining. a car that could drive itself would already be very cool, but what makes it even better is that a person does not have to multitask while the car drives itself. if there were important matters that needed to be dealt with, the peron could get it done in the car. a person can eat and not have to eat and drive at the same time. if they had to make a business call, they could do it right there on the spot. drivers would not be bored or distracted while driving anymore. driverless cars should be made because they would provide extra safety when in cars, give unqualified drivers more transportation, and make driving more entertaining. there are so many accidents that happen because drivers are careless and oblivious. with driverless cars, there would not be that problem. ther car would drive itself, and would work in unison with cars nearby to avoid accidents. driverless cars is the next step to being a safer place on the road indefinitely.