some people changed their views on the planet mars in may,  do you know why? twenty five years ago nasa used their viking  spacecraft to find a landing spot on mars but, they found much more. some people might think its aliens who made this forgein face figure on mars, much like my family friend other_pii. he believes that aliens live on mars but as a scientist at nasa i know there is no aliens on mars and this is some natural cause. here is what nasas scientist have found out about this face like on mars. other_pii told me there are aliens on this planet. i know this is a natural cause for this face to appear like this. this is why im trying pursade him and tell him its actually martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. these landforms are commonly found in the american west. this one in pericular reminds garvin of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. nasa has seen this kind of landform appear on mars before. on april ,  with no clouds in the area mars global surveyor got us a sencond look. other_pii still thinks it is made from aliens though. average for nasas spacecrafts can go up to  meters, but this pixel went up to . meters. many people still think this is alien made and we want to get as many as people we can to know the truth. some people might think different like other_pii he states  how can this possibly be a landform like on earth but there is no earth like subtances on mars? he points out that other people think this way too. the picture was in magenizes and on posters in stores. everyone got a good look at it and all of us think that it is becuase of aliens. how can a natural think on a planet make such a thing as a face. others also might think that the photo was edited because they ddint see it in person but, other_pii believes it is work of aliens. other_pii and the other people that think this about the face on mars is because aliens are incorrect. nasa has the facts and the oringal picture.this is for sure a landform made naturally and looks like a face. every simple in the fact that this landform is not alien made. unmasking the face on mars is just zooming up on the spacecraft and this is not made by aliens. reseach at nasa shows that this in not in fact work of aliens. we have seen this before on this planet and we know what is caused from too. no, we have never seen a face show up as one of these landforms before but it is highly possible. this is why nasa states aliens did not do this and the photo was not editied. this photo shows a martian landform and these landforms are on eath too. there are no aliens on earth it there? so how can these be from aliens, they are just landforms made naturally. this is in fact how other_pii is incorrect and reseach showing the landform is natural is the real reason there is a face on mars.