students do not need a computer telling them how they feel. knowing how you feel is something that no one can change, you change it. the facs is just a computer trying to get into your mind. but your mind is your own personal business, you only show it sometimes when you want to or sometimes when its so strong you just have to show it. in my opinion a computer should not be programmed into looking on the outside not knowing whats on the inside. the saying is,its not whats on the outside its whats on the inside. but a computer has no emotion, just what the programer programed the computer to do. a computer cant read someones smile even though they are depressed. that happens to me all the time. i talk to my friends with a smile, but when im talking about the same stuff to my therapist my face is a little different because i cant express my opinion very well to my friends. in the article it says that each expression that the computer recieves is compared to a neutral face meaning no emotion. humans always have an expression on there face therefore they always have somekind of emotion on there face. the nuetral face problably looks like someone being angry or sad or possibly confused. the computer doesnt know what a sarcasitic smile looks like or someone who is truely smiling but there mouth is frauwning so then the computer will see sadness. in the article it also states that human communication is mostly nonverbal, including emotional dr huang said computers need to understand that too. frankly i think that is insane, thinking that computers need to know our emotions! computers are just a tool for knowlege, well some our, and some are just to make you be in a virtual world. no. live in the now, dont go to your computer, show it your face and have it tell you how your feeling. just listening to your little voice inside your head, listen to that and feel from that. everyone has emotions so dont be afriad to show it to people not robots! enough said on that. the article does state that putting on a happy face actualy works, i do believe that. i have read articles relating to that. i have tried putting on a happy face when i was sad and it kinda worked for me but i cant get happy that easy, but i know it probably works for a lot of people. whoever thought that making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions! that statement, in my opinion, doesnt really need to be said because showing your emotions and facial expressions is something that every human has and science doesnt really need to be improved for the facial expression. in conclusion i beleive that computers dont need to know our emotions, people need to talk with each other and share then you could know more about someone. instead of