cars. cars were first made using human hands for humans to drive around in. cars are a major evolution from walking around everywhere. in old days i dont know how hard driving was andor if they had drivers licences.i think we as people should not except driverless cars. now a days people have to take two test too be able to drive. first test is the reluctant permmit test once you pass that you have to get your hours. by hours i mean driving hours at night, morning, on the highways, streets and etc. the second test we have to take is the critical drivers test this test is mostly on you,you make your own pressure. there are two people in the car you and the scorer,shehe dosnt matter who it is they will not jugde on race or sexuality.once you pass that test your off to the races. we as people have to go through all that as humans to be able to drive. i get those test make sure we will be responsible on the road so we dont injure yet even kill innocent bystanding pedestrians. all those test to keep them ok and safe i can deal with that so i will be able to drive. in some cases people dont even have an permmit they just drive. theres a catch to that they dont drive stupid or and dont get pulled over.thats breaking the law but if the police dont catch them so be it. brains. i know people have those what about robots or a.i. do they have brains? technically speaking they do have brains called the mother board. that board chip is the harness to their thinking without that they are smart as rocks. what and how many test did they have to take too be able to drive for google, or bmw? i get people have been fasinating over cars that drive themselves. but if the a.i cant pull into drive ways or deal with complicated traffic issues like, roadwork or accidents. i get companies have did remarkable test with great outcomes. why do we want cars that drive themselves? the test that g.m did was a graet test and idea. too exspensive they said how much money did futurist spend to make theese driverless cars. in conclusion i dont think we need driverless cars. it will take alot more money to build than regular cars. so i say nay. to the future for now keep doing good things like finding a cure for cancer doing great there in that area. every baody probably couldnt afford the cars any way so thats less money.thank you.