have you ever looked at someone and thought, i wish i knew how they feel? well now with the help of a new technology called facial action coding system you can do just that. an article called making mona lisa smile goes in depth about how the system works and what it does for society. basically, this system shows you exactly what a face is feeling emotionally. i think this is a great idea and a step into the technology of the future. one reason why this system is great is it can show you exactly what emotions someone has. the system constructs a d model of the face on the computer. it then compares the face to a face that is showing no emotion. the system then looks at your  muscles in your face to see how you are feeling. the system can even detect mixed emotions. dr. huang of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois is the creator of this system and he says this about the system, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. each expression is compared against a neutral face. dr. huang is explaining that this system can even detect if you are feeling multiple emotions by weighing different units. another thing the facial action coding system can do is recognize faces from paintings. the most recent piece of art they have studied for emotions was the mona lisa by leonardo da vinci. after the process, they discovered that the mona lisa is  happy,  disgusted,  fearful, and  angry. gettng these results can now tell us what painters from a long time ago were thinking about in there art when they painted it. this can be very useful in figuring out more ideas from artists in the rennisance age. in conclusion, the facial action coding system is a great tool that can help out the future of emotions greatly. it can detect all emotions and even detect if someon had mixed emotions. it can also detect emotions in paintings like the mona lisa. i think this is a good idea and that it should be spread to the entire world.