driveless cars are one of the most talked about upcoimg advancements in modern technology. these cars are efficent for the driver, as well as the enviorment. although some dont have the greatest eye appeal, the tesla model s, for instance, has a clean and luxury look to it. even though these cars are tremendesly positive in the aspect of a driveless car, their is most definetly drawbacks. however, the pros outways the cons by a wide margin. these cars could change the way people all around the world commute and travel. a long car ride across country can be just as easy as sitting there and enjoying the ride. gas prices are a major issue in our econemy. during the reccession in , gas prices got to as high as .! these driveless cars are ran by electricity, and some are even toying with the idea of using solar power. a younger male lands a new job he wanted, so he goes out with friends to celebrate. this male has a couple drinks and is just barely under the legal limit to drive. he isnt responsible and thinks he can drive home. hes not only putting his life in danger, but other peoples lives as well. what if this same male owned a driveless car that drove itself  percent? the odds of him getting in a wreck go down dramatically and could potentially save many peoples lives. although, with everything its not always perfect. i am a big supported of the driveless car, but i will be the first to admit there is some drawbacks and worries. on a long trip or early morning drive to work what if the driver falls asleep at the wheel and an emergency occurs were the driver would have to take over? would the vibration in the seat be enough to wake this slumbering person up? suppose there is a white out condition were the sensors and cameras cant recognize a thing and malfunction. will the car be able to tell the roads are too slick to go mph on the interstate? also suppose its driving in a highly populated downtown area. all the diffrent variables it would have to be prepared for. people and little kids walking in the street, crosswalks, people biking along side the road, construction sites, is just to name a few things. however, i believe driveless cars are coming, there will be some dropbacks, there will be some figuring out to do. allinall its a terrific idea and i think itll change the world and the transit system as we know it. cars are just the start. could aircrafts be next? maybe, what is to stop us from finding out.