my positoin for driverless cars. hmm its got me thinking like it would and will be a great idea but for all those uber, taxi drivers who depend on those jobs. but if theyre where driverless car the place i would need to sit will be a question. becuase i will be insured if they are full driverless because due to sueing issues for google atemtpting this. also that in paragraph nine it talks about the laws as in the term here. new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident . if technology fail and someone is injured. the question was who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer. some negative aspects from driverless car are overheating or crashes. these big problems can casue huge affects to peoples lifes. another negative would be what kind of fuel will it use gas or oil maybe some random flued. another could be that people who try to break into them and steel stuff and will there be alert systems for these situations maybe if the car breaks or starts to smoke what will the car do?, open all the doors turn of alert the passenger to get out. also if these driverless car get to boring and dozed off and cant be awake to see what they are doing then what is gonna happen when they cant be up for it. if there is a car crash or a collision and the car cantt stop its self. some possitive things i think about this car could be the fuel it could replace. as if they where ran by electricity and the roads where replaaced localy that electrical roads can charge the cars or repower it. another is on better brakes for the car torward the road to fix the issues for dead cars and crashes. like in the articles it talks about how in the s they used radio signels to send out to the google indistrie. also if the cars did have entertainment would it shut off during warnings. my last is if the car breaks how could the car get help and is there a gps within it. also to make sure the driver is ready and always have the hand on the wheel as such they do have in here. in  bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. the car can handle driving functions up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sore the driver keeps a hold of the wheel. thats what caught my attention knowing that the car would need some sort of human control. there for those are my thoughts on this driverless car. maybe they could just add more things or add these driverless design to semi trucks due to the high dangers for the people who are risking there lives through horrible winters strors and other natural disasters. even tho how far its gonna go if we finish this driverless car whats gonna be next?