diverless cars are something that a lot of people imagine when they think of the future. they think about getting driven around by robots or computers that would do all the work for you. the driverless cars are capable of many things but are not capable of driving through construction, an accident, or just traffic. driverless cars have pros and cons to them. they can be very dangerous if the person driving is not paying attention. when there is an accident, road construction, or traffic, the cars need assistance getting through the problem. the driverless car would not be completely driverless. lets say that there is an accident on an intersate, which has stopped traffic, the traffic is almost at a complete stop. the car would need the driver to take over and get through the traffic. most people today own a cell phone of some kind. some of those people like to text and drive, which is dangerous because they pay attention their phone and not the traffic and people arround them. if the driverless car was to need assistance, those people would not know that because they are to busy texting. people think they can multitask so they can text and drive at the same time but it is not true. our brains focus on one thing at a time, so if we are texting while driving, we are not paying attention to the road in front of us. if you are riding in a car on the way to work, a meeting, or evena family occation, you probably get bored if you are not the one who is driving. you get distracted, some people even get tired and take a nap. if we were in a driverless car and something was to happen and the car needed assistance, we would not be paying attention to help the car. we could be sleeping, texting, or even just zoned out. then you could get into an accident and hurt yourself, or someone else. driverless cars can be very dangerous. society is not ready for that kind of technology yet. the car would not even be completely driverless because it would still need our help, which requires attention. if we did not have to drive the whole time, we would get distracted, or bored, or both. we would not pay attention to the world around us to realize that the car needs assistance through traffic, construction, or an accident.