imagine constantly coughing. would you like that? car ownership is decreasing becasue of pollution, people use other people who can drive, and the dangers. it is just not needed anymore. pollution is everywhere you go. this. it goes from china, to europe, and to america. but what causes it? in paris they banned driving after having nearrecord breaking pollution. france blamed it on their people wanting to use diesel fuel instead of gasoline. cars that run on diesel takes up  of france. paris has the most smog compared to the other parts of europe. is. after many days without driving any cars, car companies lost revenue, but the smog cleared up. a. by limiting the car useage pollution has goen down, making paris a less of a polluted city. waste. source  paris bans driving due to smog. by robert duffer before you go somewhere do you tend to call a friend to see if you can carpool? now in america car pooling has been becoming quite popular. of. with social media it is easier to contact your friends to see who is going where and when. driving two separate cars is a waste of gas, time, and money. time. so carpooling is the most efficient. many americans have a love with cars from mercedes, to bmws americans are big fans. but are they dying out? statisics say that the percentage of peopel getting their license is  to  years old. with the entertainment at home what is the need to transport anywhere. source  the end of car culture. by elisabeth rosenthal. the need for cars is dying out. everytime you get into a car there are dangers. car accidents happen every single day, and most of them happen where you least expect it... one mile in diameter from your house. source google there are also dangers of spending too much money on your car. many americans purchase die for cars source  the end of car culture. by elisabeth rosenthal, but can most of them afford it. lets thing. a mcdonolds worker who makes . an hour, purchases a , ranger rover plus the insurance they have to pay every single month. even though on your way to work people will see that you have a nice car and adore you, but a few months later the outcome will not be pretty. that person will eventually become bankrupt, have to sell their house, and their car, and live in a box for their entire life.yahoo news and no one wants to live in a box. so limiting car use will help. if that mcdonolds worker never bought a car, and instead purchased a bike heshe would have money to buy food, and keep a roof over their head. even though people now are fat and lazy it would also decrease the number of obese people in america. to wrap things up, we should limit the use of cars. from paris limiting it they decreased pollution, from carpooling you save money, and from not purchasing a car you will decrease your chances of dying. but the main question is.. who would actually get rid of their car?