death box known as the driverless car new, innovative,and futuristic those are some words that average minds would describe the death box with wheels. the death box with wheels refers to the idea of cars that doesnt need a driver. these driverless cars are being developed and are coming to the market soon. some people will purchase them because they are the fresh new thing absent minded of the dangers that will fall upon them for choosing them. i am against the fact that people need driverless cars in the world. how reliable could these cars actually be? they rely on sensors and laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. what if one of the lasers or sensors were to malfunction without the passengers knownledge? thats a window of oppertunity for an accident to occur. imagine yourself riding on a highway without the care in the world in your driverless car. now that that delightful picture is etched into your brain imagine that the car swerves into a ditch because it kept straight when it should have turned. this was a result of two things , the lack of natural human instinct and a faulty sensor. the driverless cars can lead to the devolution to the human race. the car is basically promoting laziness. a car that drives it self is juss begging humans to do things that they wouldnt normally do when they are driving like drinking liquor or helping themselves to any other drugs. when driving a regular car the driver can excerise their focus, motor, and visional skills. when you own a driverless car there is less oppertunity to convey and excerise those skills. i think that th driving assisting features on the newer cars are okay but going ahead and making a car completely driverless is insane! in the article it states,presently traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. they are right to assume that the cars arent completely safe to put your trust in. we all have experienced a time in our life where technology was unsuccessful or malfunctioned. the artical expresses a good point if the technology fails whos at fault? would it be you or the manufacturer? in conclusion, there are to many things i deem are wrong with the driverless cars consept. people might think of them as innovative and futuristic but they could end up being there demise. these cars could become malfunction at any time without the passengers awareness. since they rely on lasers and sensors to help the car drive itself a sensor could break and leaving the people inside subjective to an accident. wo is really to blame if the person is hurt badly while putting there trust into the car? would it be there fault for ignorant or would it being the manufactuer fault for selling them a death box with fancy cameras?