the race for the smartest car has started. this new trend of building the most intelligent vehicle is taking place. is this really what is needed? smart cars that drive themselves may sound cool, but the requirements for them are not. computer driven cars are costly, unsafe, and a legal hassle. google has had self driven cars since . they have been researching and creating new ideas for them since, however the required sensory components are exspensive. a car like the modified toyota prius, that can drive itself, requires over  sensors. one sensor called the lidar uses lasers to map out the vehicles surroundings. it is not cheap to make. one must stop and recap. it requires  sensors to make one car. if companies plan on mass producing these vehicles the amount of mechanics needed would be enormous. another important step in creating these vehicles is dealing with the laws. many states have created legal barriers stopping even the testing of self driven vehicles. california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia do not have these laws. laws are created to protect the populace from dangers. if the government thought these cars were safe for people to drive then why would they make specific laws blocking their use? the major factor in the debate is safety. anytime a new vehicle is manufactured tests are ran to make sure it is safe. almost all self driven vehicles actually require a driver to be present before it will drive. many of the cars need the driver to be alert at all times in case the system doesnt work. this proves that technology is not perfect. how can one put their lives in the hands of a computer. not one piece of technology out on the market today is perfect. what if the sensors in your car fail. then the car is driving blind. that is a grand issue. it could mean life, or death for not only the driver, but any passenger inside the vehicle. overall, these self driven vehicles have far more negatives than positives. their price, questionable safety, and legal restraints keep them off streets for now. in the future will they be better? only time will tell, but for now stay away from these robotic traps. stick to reliable manually driven vehicles instead.