the text the challenge of exploring venus, treats a very important decision, that is the worthines of pursuing or not the study of the planet venus despite the danger it presents, the author agrees to this idea of pursuing said study, but he supports his idea of studying venus in a very poorly way. the autor of the challenge of exploring venus made the text so that people would know the rewards of exploring venus, but during the text he does nothing but make the idea less apealing to the eyes of the people, this is shown by the following excerpt a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  time greater than what we experience in our own planet.... venusion geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface.this excerpt is one of the reasons this text apeals more to an idea of disagreement than one of agreement, making the reader feel more inclined to disagree with the authors oppinion, being this the opposite of the whole reason of the text. this also can be shown by the next quote  however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the panet can provide only limited inshight on ground conditions... more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. this quote not only does not help the authors point of view but it also contradicts this passage, the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientis to float above the fray. this causes a clash of ideas, wich is not a good think to try and convince people. in conclusion the text of the challenge of exploring venus creates a feeling of disagreementfear towards the idea of studying the planet venus, this is conflicting with the idea of worhtines of pursuit of venus that the author tries to give the text, meaning that the text does not support the authors idea and if it does it, is in a very poorly way.