venus may be a worthy pursuit of study even with the dangers that come with this challenge due to the information that the author provided within this article. the planet venus may be useful in some way even though it is extremely dangerous and nonhabitable. the atmosphere on venus is really thick to where it is close to impossible to see anything without being on the planet. venus is the closest planet to earth in size, density and in distance as well. venus can be seen pretty easily from earth however only through and observatory or telescope. venus could either be a good idea or a bad idea due to its positives and negatives but we also dont know too much about venus. some of the difficulties of trying to study venus are really deadly in many ways. the atmosphere of venus is  percent carbon dioxide which is extremely deadly and makes it really difficult to see venus while off planet. the clouds of venus are made of highly corrosive sulfuric acid which is obviously a problem toward the study. the planets surface temperature is over  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric pressure is at least  times greater than the pressure on earth. these are some of the most hostile and extreme conditions of just about any other planet within the solar system. venus is also a necessary item of study due to the possibilities that could be created by studying the planet. venus could have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system but it was a long time ago. it has been said that venus was probably covered with oceans and bodies of water and other resources that could have supported multiple forms of life. the planet has many formations that are similar to earth such as mountains, valleys and craters. venus is our nearest option for a planetary expedition. the value of studying venus is unchangable and can be unlimited depending on what could be found on venus. nasa has some ideas on how to get humans to venus such as a blimplike vehicle which can hover about  or so miles above the landscape. solar power would be plentiful, radiation wouldnt be too high, and temperatures would be survivable. this vehicle would create survivable conditions for humans to complete their study and learn way more about venus. nasa has tested using earlier technology made of silicon carbide which would survive in venus conditions for about three weeks. the mechanical computer could be used for venus because it is not electronical but it instead has mechanical parts which could be changed to have resistance to heat, pressure and other damaging forces. there are many factors that can cause the venus study and exploration to happen or to be dismissed. there are things that could be developed which can possibly make a way to study venus without having too many problems. also, there are many obstacles which are in the way of the study such as the planet conditions or the technology which would be required to develop the items needed for the study. there are many positives and negatives to this study but neither is greater than the other because there are ideas in the making about how to survive on venus however there are many things which can get in the way of the development of the technologies. this study will probably take much time before it can actually be initiated because it will take time to gather everything that is needed and it will take some time to actually arrive at venus and produce some results.