cars have been used and started to rise since world war ii. vehicles have trended to make them fit our life and culture. but there has been so many tragic events taking place because of the use of cars and people debates whether cars should be used or not. it will be a great idea to limit cars because it will protect the environment, cut difficulties while on the road and improve safety and business. initially, it would be a great option to limit cars because it will protect the environment. cars are used to make it easier to transport places but it does not help protect the world around. cars cause damage to the whole atmosphere and can harm many. for instance, in paris, people are fined for driving because of the smog polluted in the air. according to the passage paris bans driving due to smog, paris typically has more smog than other european capitals. the use of driving vehicles can make it difficult to live in the world. furthermore, limiting the use of cars will be a big advantage to the world because it can cut difficulties while on the road. the less use of cars will lead to better circumstances while on the road. it will be easier for buses or delivery trucks to do their tasks quicker and more efficient. for example, in bogota, many parks and sports centers have been replaced with smooth sidewalks which cut rush hour situations and traffic. the roads will be wider and more smooth for the environment. moreover, it would be a great idea to limit the use of cars because it will improve safety and business. most instances when cars werent used in different regions of the world, it led to the improvement of businesses but also better safety. in vauban, having less placement for cars created more safety for customers to go into their desired place. it also has been more accessible and compact to public transportation. limiting less cars progresses the world all around. in conclusion, it will be a huge advantage to limit the use of cars because it will protect the enviormnent, cut difficulties while on the road, and improve businesses and safety. using less cars will not only protect ourselves but protect the world that we live in.