the developmeant of driverless cars can be dangerous for our society. in , google made a car that could drive by itself, in certain conditions. these cars have been banned in certain states, its against the law to test drive them in these states. how are we supposed to know how these cars do in other conditions if states have them banned for their states safety. driverless cars can only assist us in driving not drive the car itself. in the s. general motors made a car that could drive on its own, on a special test track. this special test track was embedded with eletrical cable that sent radio signals to a reciever on the front end of the cardriverless cars are coming. this track could easily stop the car if needed, but we dont know how it would do out in the real world with other people. there are alot of sensors on the car. on googles modified toyata prius, there are sensors on the left rear wheel, a sensor on the roof. a camera ner the rearview mirror, automotive radar sensors and a gps. sure having a lot of sensors on a carwould help the car pick up motion around it, but what if somthing happened to the car, one of the sensors broke out, the the car wouldnt be able to pick up movement around the car. bmw, a car manufactuer, developed traffic jam assistantdriverless cars are coming. the car with traffic jam assistant can handle any driving function at  mph as long as the driver keeps their hands on the wheel. the car can steer by itself, which isnt safe because the car might see the need to turn itself in one direction and accidently hit a car. based on its sensors, it need to steer left, but the sensor can be really sensitvie to any moverment. the car can accelerate and brake by itself also. the car alon can go faster when it doesnt need to or stop, either way it can cause a accident. the driverless cars movement needs to slow down and test its self more and more beforecoming out in the real world. the car relies on so much on its sensors or when it feels the need to switch back to giving the driver control. driverless cars might seem pretty cool now, but wont when everyone starts to get one.