the electoral college is not a place, but a process. a process that seems meaningless, a process that is uncalled for. it doesnt make any sense to me because i thought when someone votes, their vote goes straight to the person running. to learn that, that is not the case at all is really an eyeopener about how much politics confuse me. you help choose your states electors when you vote for president because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candiddates electors. richard nixon, jimmy carter, bob dole, u.s. chamber of commerce, and the aflcio all, in their time, agreed on abolishing the electoral college! they are not alone according to a gallup poll in , taken shortly after al gorethanks to the quirks of the electoral collegewon the popular vote but lost the presidency. over  percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. this year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. and yet, the electoral college still has its defenders. the single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. the american people should consider themselves lucky that the  fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century, the system allows for much worse. back in , segregationists in the louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose john f. kennedy.so that a popular vote for kennedy. in the same vein, faithless electors ocasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please. at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have nochance of winning. if anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters ohio, they have yet to make it. pretty much anywhere you go whether its school or work, you will hear that as an american citizen, you have the right to vote. if you dont vote for the president of your choice, you cant complain when things go wrong. yet your vote really doesnt count unless the electors you voted for win . how can they say our vote counts when it really doesnt, all im saying is that they need to start saying what they mean and stop directing people towards lies.