how do you feel about driverless cars? do you think they will be safe or dangerous? do you think they will ever be invented and if so how long do you think it will take to invent them? i think driverless cars are going to be an amazing product for the world and its buyers. the reason i agree with it is because many people who drive normally are focused on many others things like cell phones, kids,etc. however, driverless cars are going to be able to watch the human inside the car making sure that they are focused on the road at all times. in the text it says manufactuers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. i think driverless cars are going to be a safe product as well. the reason i say this is that many of them have cameras installed or they are going to have cameras installed so they can see where there at and the area that they are in. they also have gps installed just in case a driver gets lost and doesnt know where to go. there are many drivers who are always talking on their cell phone or they are on social media and they end up getting lost because of that problem. in the text it says toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the review mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. i think the driverless will eventually be invented. the reason i say this is that some car companies already prototypes or something similar to a driverless car. a few major car companies already have cars that can drive themselves with speeds up to mph and also park themselves. many people who drive normally dont know how to parallel park so once the driverless car is invented itll be able to do it for them. in the text it says in , bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. in the text it also says telsa has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. in conclusion to my arguement, these are my reasons on why the driverless car would be an amazing product for the world and also for the safety of the drivers and their loved ones.