a lot of people enjoy the rush of adrenaline. so much energy is rushed through a persons body when they do something that is looked at to be difficult or dangerous. once they successfully achieve their goal they feel amazing but they do everything they can to achieve there goal even though it could possibly be very dangerous. this is just like in the article the challenge of exploring venus. in the article it talks about how nasa is interested in studying venus but they really cant because of all the obsticles they need to get by. but those obsticles dont matter to them. the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. some ways that show that studying venus is worth it is when it talks about venus being one of the only planets being very similar to earth, being one of the closest planets to earth and the possible inventions that could be made that can change a lot in exploration. earth has very different characteristics from all the other planets in the solar system. so when astronomers discovered venus they were fascinated to see how it has many of the same characteristics that earth does. since another planet has many similar characteristics to earth it sparks curiousity. it starts to create questions which people and astronomers want answers to. so scientist and nasa want to do everything they can to answer some of their questions no matter the risk. in the text it says, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. this shows how venus is shown to be very similar to earth. it has many similar charcteristics which shows there could have been life on the planet very long ago. the reason it is seen to be worth exploring is because if astronomers continue studying the planet then they could possibly maybe find a way to possibly live or find current creatures still living on the planet. when people want to really know about something they will do everything they can to discover more. especially when the thing you want to know more about is right next door. its like having a child and candy. if there is candy right next to a child they cant be told not to have it and expect them to listen. they will go right for it since it is so close to them. that is exactly how astronomers feel. they cant resist the urge to study a planet that is so close to them. there are many other planets in the solar system which they cant study because of the distance from earth, but this planet is so close. in the article it says, often reffered to as earths twin, venus is the closets planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too...venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. this supports how the planet venus is the nearest to earth. making it easier to arrive there distance wise. yes, there are many dangers of visiting the planet which can make it seem very immature to even risk going, but that doesnt stop nasa. if they have something close to them they can continue doing test and possibly find a solution to reduce risk and fully and appropriately study venus. the other reason which nasa wants to continue studying the planet is because of the possible inventions or spark of ideas along the way. if there are new invention or ideas it could change things for ever in the future. it could make further studies a lot more easy. in the text it says, imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape...a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions...simplified electronics made of silicon carbide...have lasted for three weeks in such conditions.another project is looking back to an old tehcnology called mechanical computers. this shows how many great inventions can be created or even early inventions from before can be used. that leads to more curiosity and encourages nasa to keep studying venus despite its dangers. there could be many reasons for why people would like to continue working on something no matter the risk. for example the study of venus. nasa and many astronomers continue working on the study despite of the dangers because of venus being one of the only planets being very similar to earth, being one of the closest planets to earth and the possible inventions that could be made that can change a lot in exploration.