with new technogly developing helpring us advance in the wrold we often forget how to slefmange our own control driverless cars should not be created, due to more careless driving. everyone is all about the future and what it holds for us and how we can adavnce our life style,like how we drive. thrugh out the years how we creat and run our cars have changed through a little help of new technogly that is being made every year. we hear see cars now that can help avoid crashed, traffic and also help navegate , bmw annouced the development of traffic jam assistant., but how much are we relying on the car then our self as a driver? bmw developed a car that steer,accelerate, and break themselves. this new addidtion to the cars is very helpful in surten ways. for example have having the car for  years or so how do we knwo that the technogly will stay the same insuring that the vehical is still safe for the roads? google car simply annouces when the driver should be prepared to take over. if the driver should be ready how can that be if the driver devlopes bad habbits that rely driver t o do evrything, there for the driver will not be prepared causing more then likley a car crash. driver takes classes to know the basic knowoldge for the roads. it has become very helpful for the alerting driver if thet are to close to a car when parking or when they have been in a crash they deveopled the first aid assistance. giving the driver and pasangers the help in case all wrose causes. the idea of puting a camera in the driverless cars is not so much the best idea due to the concern on a young to feeling pressure if they are doing the right things. teens tend to do wrose when they knowthey are getting monituered , this creating a downfall in buying a car. in  driverless cares should not be realsed due to any mofuction. being tested driving theres always that one care that wont fucion right and can cause mager sufering. money out into this car only the higher living people could afford because of how much they are putting into the car, to the income inf making these cars will be low. we should stay improving the satey and technogly we put into the cars but the self driving should not be developed in the car. the saftey of the new drivers can stay focus adn not rely on the car for all the work. over time people will form bad habbits so it is safer to have the river have all controll of ther vehical. this should be baded by all the staes not just califorina, nevade, florida adn the distric of columbia.