twenty five years ago an enormous head almost two miles end to end has been seen to be staring back at the cameras from a region of the red planet called cydonia. for some conspiracy theorists, they thought that it was a sign of life on mars, or it may be from some kind of ancient civilization that was there millions of years ago. some of them say it almost looks like the ancient egyption statues built on earth. global surveyor arrived at the red planet in september , after the viking missions ended. chief scientist explained we felt this was important to taxpayers. so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia, mars orbiter camera snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. theyve got new technology so now the picture has more detail in it, it even shows some rocks on the mars surface. when the picture was released to the public, it was now revealed a natural landform, no sign of alian civilization or any type of mark. not everyone was satisfied with the face being ruled a natural landform. some say the camera on board mars global surveyor had to look through clods to see the face. skeptics considered alien markings were hidden by the clouds. the face is a very interesting much more can lay behind the discovery but as the global surveyor pass through it when it is all clear they take a picture that is very vlear for all to see. the extraordinary photo was the best photo they have ever taken of the face ruling it a natural landform. the face is a very popular among hollywood films. it has appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and more, it is truly a pop icon. some people think that that face a very good evidence for life on mars. evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorist, meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget would rather wish that there was an ancient civilization on mars. the face resembles a human face like the statues in our ancient civilzation built by egyptians. our ancient monuments are very and amazingly common to the face. what if this was ancient civilization at its best. after the cloudless summer picture the world has ruled the face a natural landform not ancient monument in any means, some skeptics still believe however. so as we go on there may be more discoveries that lay behind the monument maybe proof of ancient civilization. mars is a very indistinctable place, nasa may stumble upon some proof that life beyond earth exist.