the author goes into great detail about the pros and cons of the driverless car. giving us examples on the cars features and how a humane could work the car. he also gives us facts, but i in this eassy i will explain to you and give you reasons on why i think the driverless car is not good. i will also share my pros about the driverless car. what do you think about the driverless car? one reason i dont think the driverless car is a good idea is because of acciedents. if you were to get into a wreck then what? who is resonsable for the damages? you? but you werent even driving. so whos going to pay all of that money to get the car fixed. you shouldnt have to you. im sure the manufacturer does not wanna pay it. its not his car anymore. yet you were the one who put all this money into this car and you cant even drive it. what will happen if you get hurt? the same problem with your cars steering or etc could be the same thing wrong with everyone elses car. now you have hundreds of people sueing. you cant really control this car you might as well take a taxi. atleast your not the one who has to pay for damages. the second reason i think they are bad ideas is safety. now they say this car is safe because of the warning features and sensors. yet this car could run off the road at anytime and you cant stop it. you have kids and a family, i dont think you want this car to take that or harm your family. no one really knows what makes these cars tick. it could be water one small spill and everything is haywire. my third reason is the sensors. if one of your sensors does not work yet you think it might, all it would take is for someone to step behind and and boom. now your paying for a hospital bill plus more. how could this be your fault when they gave you a reliable car that should be able to stop when danger is in the way. in a normal humane driven car you have control you just turn around to see whats behind you. you are your onw sensors, you would trust someone who thinks they can drive take your car. right? in conclusion its mainly about safety for you. these cars might be more trouble then its worth. with so much happening at once it could be overwhelming. testing could go great, but when you get in that car your taking a billion dollars and a headache with you. so stick to the old fashion way less worries more money in your pocket.