some people think the face was created by aliens. if you really think about it is just a natural landform. there are many reasons in why, it is just a natural landform. being a scientidst at nasa is an important job. the people at nasa have many reasons why the face is not an alien artifact. first, cydonia became a prority for nasa when mars global surveyor mgs arrived at the red planet in sept. , eighteen long years after the viking missions ended which had a impact on the face. second, a cheif scientst for nasas mars exploration program said that  they felt this was important to taxpayers. i totally argree with him and what he said, it would be very important to the taxpayers.then, we photographged the face as soon as we could get a good shoot at it. many people had to play an important role to tell that nasa wasnt created by aliens. on april ,, when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time a man named micheal malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orginal viking photos. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on jpl website reveal a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. although many people werent yet quit satisfied. the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face due to it being winter.they started to think  perhaps, said skepticss, alien markings were hidden by the haze. misson controllers began to prepare to look again. its not easy to target cydonia, says garvin. in fact its hard work. many people still began to think that the face was created by aliens. on april , a cloudless day in cydonia mars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look.  we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view, said garvin. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras abssolute maxium resolution. each pixel in the  images had spanned . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. the picture showed the maritan equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. many people thought that the face was created by aliens, but turns out it was a natural landform. the nasa had to take mant steps for them to be able to complete this task. the nasa had took many important roles to find out if it was an natural landform. being a scientist at nasa is an important job.