this article talks about how venus can be very challenging if you were to travel and land on it. it explains the very hostile living conditions that one can face while living or being on such a planet. venus is part of our solar system and it is the second planet from the sun. venus is kind of like earth in a way because they have some sort of relations to each other, expect for the fact that if you go and try to live there you may crushed or even liquefied. no one would be able to stay on venus since it is considered to have the hottest surface temperature than any planet in our solar system. the author makes really good points on why studying venus can have a great outcome despite the dangers it may bring with it. in the article it states that astronomers are fascinated by venus since it may have been very similar to a planet we live in. they get to discover if earth really could of supported any types of life long ago. the author says that venus could be one of our nearest option to go explore and also since it is considered as earths twin. exploring venus may be a challenge but the national aeronautics and space administration, also refered as nasa, were thinking on sending something like a vehicle to float just enough the surface of venus. they decided on something like that to avoid any bad conditions that are said to happen. even though when floating up in the surface they wont be able to have physical evidence from the planet like samples of rocks but they are able to provide insite on how things are in venus. in the article it states that the scientists are wiling to take the risk to go study this planet to be able to learn more about it. in conclusion, the author supported the article very well on how studying venus can provide valuable information and that they should go ahead and study it. there are challenges on the way such as the horrible conditions if they do decide to pursue but there are ways around that. they also have more than one idea they can use if one dosent go as planned like simplified electronics that will be able to survive the pressure, heat, and may other forces that venus has to offer. they should go for exploration because it could bring more knowlegde and insite on the earths twin than just the predictions that were made in the past.