in the united states, the process to pick the president is rather complicated. from nationwide voting to states that swing from party to party, it has intricate parts that most people find confusing. the electoral college, the process that in the end picks the president, is also rather complicated. it was made to be a compromise of picking the precident by votes in congress and popular vote from citizens by the founding fathers. in modern times however, most citizens agree that popular vote makes more sense and that the electoral college has become rather bloated. in the case of finding reasons of why the electoral college doesnt really work is because private citizens vote for someone else to vote and that voters from different states dont control who the electors choose. first of all, because of the electoral college, citizens vote counts less when they vote for someone else to vote. most citizens would relish the chance to vote for the canidate that they choose to support. but when they do vote, their vote only just might sway the electors vote. for example, during the  presidential election, instead of the intended canidate winning the vote, the electoral college choose another. it removes any sense of personal worth when participating in general elections and makes it harder for some canidates to win. furthermore, not only do electors choose the president, but the votes themselves from private citizens dont control who the electors choose. electors are people chosen at state conventions, presidential candidates, and state partys central committees. the amount is chosen on the populations of such states, making smaller states with still a significant poplation seem unsignigicant. however, the biggest slight is that the votes made by the citizens dont obligate electors to choose what the general population has already choosen. it takes away control from the people and is inherently wrong. in conclusion, the electoral college is rather useless because it does the job that citizens already do and takes away control from them. by voting for electors, the electoral college process takes away a sense of self in elections while giving the power to choose the president to a group of about  people that can be persuaded or just simply choosen by the candidates themselves. its a bloated system and should be dealt with.