this new technology is actually valuable. in the story they talk about how making yourself smile still can make you happy. this technology could really help because then they can tell if someone is really unhappy. most people do not want other people to know what they are feeling but it helps people around you. this technology can tell you like what percent happy you are or digusted or fearful or angry. like mona lisas percentages were  percent happy,  percent disgusted, and  percent angry. with people being able to know how people in paintings were feeling you can put together what might be happening or what they are trying to point out. this technology is actually very helpful because they can tell everything by just using a computer and using it on a painting to see what their emotions are. the computers can detect all  muscles in someone face. all the muscles have to move like human muscles. they say in the article that the movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit. the eckman has classified six basic emotions and those emotions are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. an example they used by telling any of those is your frontalis pars laterials muscle which is above you eyes raises you eyebrows when you are surprised. a way they can tell that you are angery is when your orbicularis oris which are around your mouth tightens your lips. there are many different things that this technology can tell about you which could really help because it could let people around you know how you are feeling instead of having to answer and you just say your fine. like you can kind of tell how a friend is feeling by just looking at their face. everyone can have trouble describing like the reasons why they feel like that but atleast you can tell how they are feeling. even if you do not know why they are feeling that way you can try and change how they are feeling. like most people do not want to have to explain why they feel that way they just want a friend to be there for them and help you boost your mood. computers are unstanding what peoples emotions are but they are still trying to figure out how to nonverbal communicate with someone. the article gives you instructions to do while looking in the mirror. the first instruction is to raise your lips at the corners of your mouth, the next one is to then squint your eyes slightly, to produce wrinkling at the corners of your eyes, the last one is holding that, raise the outer parts of your cheeks up, toward your eyes. they ask if you express in the mirror suggest an emotion and it does it is a happy emotion. experts can even tell by just looking at a celebrity and they can tell if the are being truthful about being happy or if the are sad. this technology could help many people. do you just sit there sometimes and think what are they feeling or are they sad or happy well now you can tell by just doing some very easy things. like you can use a computer that can recognize what you are feeling even if you are just sitting there doing something the computer can still tell. you can even learn ways to just look at someones face and can tell how they are feeling by just the muscles on their face. this can help friends they will be able to tell how their best friend is feeling and they can try and change their mood. even if it does not seem helpful it really is, by just telling what someones emotions is by just looking at them can actually change a lot of things.