i am all for driverless cars because i think its the next step to further our advancments in technology. we have always wanted to strive for more and always have wanted more, this is the nextstep for that. right now we are just in the midst for driverless cars, but very soon we will have them as they are in the works and being planned right now. i think we should have driverless cars because the rest of the items around us are also advanving in technology so why not cars while were at it. its not a brand new idea because weve seen this creation or idea in many scifi movies and fictional movies as well. if phones can advance from large, bulky, and using buttons to smart, small, and being touch screen then cars can become self drivers. another example of advancement are tvs they have had alot of history because when they were first made they didnt have any color and they also varied in size. then they went ahead and added color to advance the creation just a bit more. now look, we have flat screens all in hd being hanged on the wall with color! they have come along way and so can cars! were almost there to reaching self driving cars, all it takes is time. we already have technology for it we just need a bit more tweaking on it. take a look at the google car as mentioned in paragraph , it can basically drive all by its self thanks to all the technology it has such as the sensors on it. there are certain times it may need human help, but all we need to do is perfect the technology and boom well have self driving cars everywhere in no time! we dont always want to remain in the same place without advancement so with these cars it will be the next step, the next step to change! weve always been about change and advancement so why stop here? why stop here and not achieve a goal many people have dreamed about for years and finally make it a reality? with time, belief, and great minds working with great technology, it is most likely possible that one day we will have these self driving cars. very soon!