sad, happy, angry, confused, worried, these are all emotions that humans have that can be can or cant be recognised by other human beings. but wait, now a computer system can detect emotions. the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions, after all, faces dont lie. we can look at paintings to see how characters, like the mona lisa, felt when being painted by artists, create empathy, and identify how someone really feels. humans are emotional beings but we have a hard time identifying emotions, maybe technology can help. technology, espacially the facs, that can identify others emotions using facial expressions, can lead to discoverable understandings. the facs could make it possible to interpret emotions of people who were being painted at the time. according to the passage, the mona lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much much this computer can do. creating empathy could be possible after moving face muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even produce them, which is what faca is going to use to indicate emotion. according to the passage,  constantin stanisskavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage, as a result, empathy may happen because we unconciously imitate another persons facial expressions. detecting emotions in places where emotions are often expressed at different times, such as schools. according to the dr. huangs prediction,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. humans may not be able to tell someones emotions, but if a computer does, then well be able to have a greater understanding of ones emotions and how to predict them. humans arent computers, we dont know how to use emotions or analyze them in daily life. with the invention of faca, analyzing emotion in someone or something can be put to good use. emotions can go a long way from being able to predict emotion to how to use them. from expression to analysis, emotions will always change as we change the future.