imagine that you are in scientist at nasa, the man that you worked with was an photographer of mars. as the man comes in he as an trapper keeper as he is walking down towards your office. he shows you the photographs that he took when he was outterspace on the planet mars. he noticed something about the picture and he tells you to look at it and ask you what do you see, you tell him that you see an figure that looks like an face. then he agrees with you, you start to jump to conclusions and ask if it is made by aliens or is just a regular landform. a few days later nasa unveiled the image for everyone to see. the note on the paper was stated  huge rock formation. as they are passing around the picture for everyone to see one of the coworkers had assumed it was madeformed by an alien. you and a couple of your workers were talking and assumed that it was just a regular landform and changed as the years went by. the manager had did a little debate, if they thought it was made by an alien they would have to go on one side and if they thought it was just a natural landform that is going to change as the years go by they would have to go on the other side. the people of nasa that thought it was an alien artifact, had to explain and decribe why. one of them volunteered and said that they think it is made by an alien because there is no way that it is just going to change through the years. you interupt him and say that is possible because many things change over the years, policies, laws, taxes, and many more things. you explain to them that it is not made by an alien becuase the photographer of viking  and viking  goes around and takes pictures of the planet as it circles around then they noticed something different about the figure when the picture was shown. the people that is on your side agree with you and say that you are true so they ask for more evidence to make your statement better than what it was. so you tell them that what the picture really shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. you and the coworkes take the last look of the picture and you are amazed. as the years goes by you see that the face doesnt appear on anymore of the picutures from the time it started to the time it ends    .