driverless cars would be able to handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph. driverless cars would be a great advance in technology and would be safe as well. in fact, none of the cars developed are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead rquires human skills. three ways driverless cars would be much more safe are, the car will notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the car is quick to get the drivers attention when a problem occurs, and the car can turn off electornics when the driver needs to take the wheel. in the passage it states, the car will notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this feature gives the sense that the driver is still in control at all times. the driverless car is in assistance to the driver, and it sees what the driver does not. the driverless car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves decreasing the chance of accidents greatly. while the driver is focused on watching the road, the car is focused on keeping the driver safe. the car is quick to get the attention of the driver in many different ways. the driverless car has limits and there are times when it will need the drivers assistants. the driverless car alerts you in ways you can not ignore. for example, the drivers seat vibrates when the vehicle is in danger and the google car simply annouces when the driver should be prepared. in the passage it says there are other options that are under consideration like flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays. electronic use are often a problem while driving. the manufacturers want to make driving fun, or while your waiting youre still able to text and check social media. manufacturers are hoping to bring incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take oversomething not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature. three ways driverless cars would be much more safe are, the car will notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the car is quick to get the drivers attention when a problem occurs, and the car can turn off electornics when the driver needs to take the wheel. these ways show that the driverless car would be more efficient and safer for the human driver.