in the article driverless cars are coming. it talks about how its expected to have cars that drive theirselves very soon. humanity has always dreamed of seeing self driven cars or flying cars. it has been portrayed in movies and television shows, but is it really a safe thing for humans? in the artice the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. driverless cars should not be developed because, they do not really drive on their own, people would get bored of these driverless cars, and new laws would have to be developed. there really is no such thing as a driverless car. in the article it states that in  bmw announced that they developed something called traffic jam assistant, which means that the car can manage driving itself to speeds up to  mph. except they cant really continue driving theirselves all the time. the author states that they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. if the car is still notifiying the driver to take charge at times then the care isnt really a driverless car. the author also says this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention. a driverless car should not have to get the drivers attention if it is suppose to drive by itself, the driver should be able to remain safe and calm in a driverless car. another reason why driverless cars should not be developed is because people would get bored of not being able to drive their own car. yes the driverless car would relieve a lot of the stress that you get knowing you have to drive but not driving at all seems boring. in the article it says the psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge, admits dr.werner huber, a bmw project manages driver. we have to interpret the driving in a new fun way. this shows that even the ones manufacturing the driverless cars beleive it would be boring for people to not drive all the time. next reason to why driverless cars are not good for being developed is because new laws would have to be developed. the development of new laws is not easy and according to laws now its only safe when an a actual person is driving the car. in the article it states that traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. this shows that if driverless cars are developed then new laws would have to be developed and some laws would have to be changed too. it is possible that it could change safety laws aswell. in conclusion driverless cars should not be developed because, they do not really drive on their own, people would get bored of these driverless cars, and new laws would have to be developed. although it sounds like a fun thing the outcome of driverless cars is never known. these autonomous cars could change the world in a negative way. the old fashion driving we all know wouldnt be the same.