in the challenge of exploring venus, the author supports the idea that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers in which he talks about throughout the text. there is textual evidence in which he has written that shows his interested in venus although it being dangerous for anyone. he states many facts in what venus is like. as well as its many threats to life if it were to land and try to research it. to begin, he talks about many things about venus from like how it is earths twin, and the many various dangerous factors it has. for example he states,  numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study. this is the author saying venus is a planet that is difficult to study because of its many factos of danger like high temperatures and high pressure it has that could harm us humans. which could unintrest us in studying but we still try and solve the questions we have over venus. secondly, the autor talks about the research and studying nasa has been doing over venus to over come its many challenges in ways that are new and innovative. he states, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of innovation. this shows how he feels that no matter what the challenge or problem is that slows us down from traveling we should always be able to think about them and overcome them. another factor he talked about with this is about human curiosity and how it could lead us to discovering even greater things that could be challenging as well. in conclusion, the author is very intrested in what happens with the study of venus and how they should continue to study it no matter what the challenge is. everthing he talks about shows how people have been trying to research it despite it being hard and all the innovations people are coming up with in order for us to get a chance at learning more about venus. thats how the author shows venus is a worthy pursuit no matter what the danger could be.