in this article the author presents both poisitive and negative aspects of driverless car, i am against the develpoment of these cars because if these cars get legalized the driver will feel free to keep there eyes off the road, they will not take as much responsibily, drivers could fall asleep and cause an accident, it is a very expensive project that could benefit the world in much better ways, there will no be no personal place while being in side of those cars, and because teenagers will want to be the first ons who wold like to use them without even having experiences in normal cars which could cause many accidents since teenagers arent responsible enough to be driving one of those cars. many car accidents are already happining in this world because of texting while driving, alcohol, and unresposible people driving . if these cars get legalized not only will they make a driver think they are free to get there eyes off the road but they will make them believe no accidents could happen since the cars should of been tested and passed before coming out. in any time when the drivers gets a call or message and is driving on a driverless car they will think its not a big deal if they get there eyes off the road and text. leaving all the reponisibilty to the car by its own. many things could happen in a second. another car could come and crash, but since the driver trusts too much on their car they wont even notice there is something dangerous just infront of their eyes. coming up with these cars is a lot of money,on paragraph three the author stated,  these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to exsisting roads, somthing that was simply too expensive to be practical.  the author must of added this to make the reader realize that coming up with these cars requires a lot of money. so if cars are already an invention and many people use them without being driverless why doesnt the government spend the money in something more useful such as kids in africa, or adding school to countries that cant afford building an education center. on paragraph fourthe author also stated,  googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror , four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver , and an inertial motion sensor.  those are many things that those cars would use ! more money that could be used in more benefital ways. another reason of why i am against the development of these cars is because once you step inside those cars you will no longer have personal space, everything you do or say will now be not only heared or seen by whoever is in the car with you but also by whoever is the one in charge of looking at you through the camera. on paragraph  the author stated,  manufacturers are also considering using camera to watch that reminders are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. that is letting the reader know that it is a possibilty that cameras will be located in these cars. even the people who are developing these cars know that drivers have to be watched over , so why are they putting peoples life in risk? the fact that more accidents could happen because of these cars, the lack of resposiblty these cars will cause, money waisted on other things instead of things that could benefit this world, and no longer having personal space on our own cars are some of my reasons of why i am againt the development of these cars.