other people should get into the seagoing program because they could help people that need to be helped. the text says, to help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined together to form the unrra. the text also states,unrra hired seagoing cowboys to take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. people should join the unrra so that they could help people out. like a lot of people say, put others needs before your own. a lot of people should get into the seagoing program so they can go places they wanted to go. the text states,besides helping people, i had a side benefit of seeing europe and china. the article also states,luke also toured the excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. those are also a good thing about the program. people could go places they have never been to before. you should join the seagoing program because you could see things you have never seen before. the article says,but being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke. the text also states,it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. being a seagoing cowboy can be very exciting. people should join if they want to help other people. being a seagoing cowboy could be dangerous, but if you have the right skills and luck it wont be dangerous. the text says,helping out on his aunt katies farm as a boy had prepared luke for hard work, but not for the dangers of the sea. the article states,a small strip of metal along the edge stoped his slide, keeping him from flying overboard into the dark atlantic. that last piece of evidence is pure luck. that is why you should prepare for the dangers. the main part of being a seagoing cowboy is to help people, not hurt them. if you hurt them that means you didnt care about others and you didnt want to help them. it is good for everyone that got into the seagoing program and care for others that are hurt. people should get into the seagoing program to stop violence. violence does nothing good for anyone. violence only makes things a lot worse.