driverless cars are going to make a huge impact on multple people who own one in many positive ways. nevertheless, driverless cars can possibly impact on people negatively. therefore, i do not agree with the invention of driverless cars for thr united states. located in paragraph one, the positive behind driverless cars is that they use half the fuel of todays taxis and off far more flexibilty than a bus. sergey brin believes that these care will fundamentally make a difference in the world. another amazing fact is that these cars can drive independently drive themselves more than half a million miles without crashing. located in paragraph two, line four, it states that these google cars are not particularly driverless. these cars appear to alert th driver to take over the car when the car is pulling in and out of driveways. they even alert the driver when dealing with complicating issues with traffic. for example, navigating through roadwork or accidents. car accidents can happen in a split second. it may alert you right away, but this will not give you time to turn away or slam the breaks to keep you from being involved in the wreck. if you happen to be involved in an accident, who is to blame? located on paragraph nine, line nine, it states  new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of the accident. if the technology fails and some is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this is a huge problem! most people now will trust that this car will not wreck, however, if they do get involved in an accident they will blame the manufacturers. like most large businesses will defend themselves and bring them to court. finally, what about the teenagers? they go to school and study real hard for their future. the first car they receive is a driverless car. how will this teach young adults to be responsible? how will young adults learn the basics of paying attention to everything on the road and around it? personally, this whole driverless car invention is sounding a bit lazy and crazy. as a sixteen year old with a drivers permit, i would rather drive on my own then to sit in a driverless car. driving has helped me to not be completely oblivious in my surroundings. i have learned to pick up some sort of detail in everything. driving has also helped me with my reflexes. ina driverless car it doesnt sound too reassuring. driverless cars can impact many people in many different ways. this invention can save us fundamentally. this invention could lower the car accidents rate. nevertheless, we the people can do that on our own. we all just need to pay more attention on the road, and to know when or when not to drive. that is definietly one way to save money. dont believe me? many people just feel like driving instead of walking. if it is a nice day out and the store is a mile away. i do believe people have the ability to walk. get out and enjoy. like i have said before, and i will say it again. driverless cars can impact many people in many different ways.