dear mr. state senator, i am writing this lettter to talk about how the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. first, the electoral college is unfair to voters. second, there could be a tie in the electoral vote. last, the voters are merely voting for the slate of electors rather than the president. those are my points on why to take away the electoral college. to start this off the electoral college is unfair to the voters. because of the winnertakeall system in each state, the candidates dont take time to go to other states that they know they will lose, they only really focus on the swing states. for example, during the  campaign, seventeen statesdidnt see the candidates in their state at all, also  of the largest media markets had not seen a single campaign ad from a candidate. also its unfair because voters dont really know who to vote for because they see no campaign ads and candidates dont show up to their state and tell them what heshe is running for. thats why the electoral college is unfair to voters of the presidential election. second, there could be a tie in the electoral vote. in the case of the tie it would go straight to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote for the president. by this the houses decision is no where close to that of the people in their state. the election is omly a few swing voters away from catastrophe. thats why it is bad if the vote ends in a tie. lastly, the voters are merely voting for the slate of electors rather than the president. for instance, if you lived in texas and wanted to vote for john kerry, youd vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to kerry. the worst part is that the electors could be anyone you dont even have to hold a political position to be an elector, they could be very biased and narrowminded. thats why the electoral college is unfair. in conclusion mr. senator the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational because it is unfair to voters, there could be a tie in the electoral vote and the voters are merely voting for a slate of electors and not there president. so mr. senator i would like for you to take this into concideration and abolish the electoral college!