driverless cars are coming but are we ready? i dont think the world is ready for driverless cars yet. i think there are just to many details not worked out. for an example other cars will cars with human drivers still be on the road? do we actually have the capability of making such technology? if a computer driven car and a human driven car get into an accident who is at fault? even now other cars on the road interfere with each other, but what if humans werent the only things driving our cars? if driverless cars are introduced and becomes a popular thing will the government cut human drivers all together? is it possible to have both human and computer robots on the same road? is haveing a computer drive cars as safe as the manufactors say? can the smart car tell if or when another car could hit it. do we have the capability of creating technology so advanced it can drive a car by itself? this has to be a really difficult thing to create. how can you get a car to work like a human is driving it when no one is driving it? i think if they do try this they should just take out human driving all together. i believe its more dangerous to have a mix of computer and human drivers out ther than letting a bunch of teens drive with their music up really loud. if the companies can sucessfully create these how could saftey tests be preformed if several states say that its illegal to test drive computer driven cars in their state? will there be certain roads meant for smart cars? if a smart car and a human driven car get into an accident who is to blame? will driving laws be different for these computer cars? how can these manufactorors gaurantee my saftey on the road if they cant test the cars? is it even possible to come up with technology that doesnt need to be controlled by a human? driverless cars are coming, but maybe not as soon as we think. theres alot we dont know about the smart cars and life with one, but we have time to learn. wether its another car, the cars technology or traffic laws smart cars have a long way to come before i think theyll ever be road ready.