hello, my name is luke bomberger, and i am a seagoing cowboy. the seagoing cowboys took care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped across the ocean. my friend, don, and i signed up. i think you should sign up for the seagoing cowboys program, because you could save a life. the seagoing cowboys help people in need, especially after world war ll, it feels so nice to help people in need, if you sign up you could feel it, too. since we ship animals and take care of them around the world, we provide people with good livestock, that maybe, could save a life! and, if youre bored, the animals keep you busy. also, there is some incredible sightseeing around the world. another reason you would want to sign for the seagoing cowboys program is you could see some truly, incredible things! besides helping people, i had the benefit of seeing europe and china! i saw some beautiful things like, the acropolis in greece, taking the gondola ride in italy, that has streets of water, i toured an excavated castle in crete, and i loved the panama canal when i was on my way to china. that may be beautiful, but if you still arent convinced, the danger that it puts in your life makes your heart pump! my third reason, is the danger and heartskippingabeat experiences that this program gives you! if youre bored with your life, think about the seagoing cowboys program. the reason i say this, is one rainy night, after i made my hourly report to my captain, i suddenly slid down a slippery ladder on my back. i wouldve fell off, if it wasnt for a strip of metal that caught me! i would have been in the deep water of the atlantic by now. i felt happy to be alive, and i will never forget that moment. my last reason is that i had so much fun, and it was a truly amazing, neverforgetting experience. on return trips we played games in the hold where the animals were. we played baseball, volleyball, and other games like tabletennis, fencing, boxing, and more, that got us ready for our next adventure. this program gave me a betterthanamazing experience, and i would love to share it with you! now, i should conclude my thoughts. you should sign up for the seagoing cowboys so you could help people in need, see amazing things, such as the acropolis in greece, so you can have a dangerous but amazing life, and so you can have fun and have a never forgetting experience. sign up for the seagoing cowboys, now! thanks, luke bomberger