in the article  driverless cars are coming has a very distinct view on cars. majority rules that even though these computer cars are more efficient, it can also be endangered for the drivers due to any conditions. these smart cars need more power than just a start button they need sensors. for instance the toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, etc. these smart cars are just too much not just for one person but multiple. these cars may seem fascinating but once you get that bill youll think other wise . the expenses on the material , technology , and anything else you want will break your pockets. so why even bother when you can have a normal suv truck that you drive on the regular. others may vouch that  regurlar cars  are basic and dual. they need something that will keep them up to speed. of course regular cars may cause you more gas, fix broken parts , and more focusing on the road than having the car that can do it itself. but do you really want to waste all your time putting money into a smart car. thats only going to last for almost a year before you give up. these high technology sensors are nothing new , of course . in , automakers used speed sensors. within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger surroundings. are these smart cars actually keeping citizens safe? in , bmw announced the development of the traffic jam asissitant. the car can handle driving functions at speed up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the drivers keeps hold of the wheel. a regular  lexis doesnt need the stability of an assisstant nor these high risk sensors. this car can obtain the same ability of a smart car. so, whats the difference high technology cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. wow!! thats very exciting, even though notifying a driver about upcoming navigations such as work zones, accidents. human drivers still must remain alert and be ready to take over when situations like that occur. why investigate into something you cant actually control , but can also harm yourself and others. these sensors can go out at anytime developing a more dramatic problem upon yourself. by having a regular car you can just go to the gorage an get it fix. instead of waiting for days to get all the technology back up to running youll be out on the road an no time. considering that its more cheaper an less parts to fix. human aspects on technology is very inconsiderate than rallying on themselves to get the job done.