for quite some time, theres been deep controversies over automobiles and increased carbon emissions poisoning cities worldwide. china, one the most densely populated cities in the world, is also the most polluted with millions of cars on the roads each and every, releasing toxic gases into the citys atmosphere, and creating a ginormous smog. even in paris, there were laws that prohibited drivers with even and odd license plates from driving on certain days, due to the increase in pollutants in the citys air. there are many things that can be done to prevent our cities and capitals from becoming toxic danger zones, but all of them need a little initiative to get started. as said before, paris once put a ban on motorists with certain plate numbers from driving on specific days. on the monday the act started, motorists with even plate numbers had to leave their cars at home, or face a euro¹ fine. as many as , drivers had been fined, accoring to reuters , an international news agency based in london, and  of those who were fined had their vehicles impounded due to their reaction from said fine. traffic on paris streets had decreased by a total of , significantly easing the flow of transportation and lowering the amount of harmful emissions exhausted into the air. this was enough for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for odd numbered plates the following tuesday. three years ago, in bogota, colombia, a program had been enacted that has spread to other surrounding countries and cities today known as, the day without cars. on that day, only buses and taxis would be permitted on the roads, allowing the streets of the capital city of  million to be devoid of any chaotic congestion, clearing most of the roads. the goal of the program was to enbale and promote the use of alternative transportation and reduce smog. any violators were charged with a  fine. millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses, all for the sake of improving the region and getting rid of nasty smog clouds. even though grey clouds overhead had poured rain on bogota occasionally, the turnout incredibly immense. the rain hasnt stopped people from participating, said antanas mockus, mayor of bogota. other cities such as cali and valledupar, also joined in on the fun. parks and rec centers emerged throughout the city, shattered and askew sidewalks were transformed into smoother and broader sidewalks, and new restaurants and upscal shopping districts have popped up as well. these people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders, says enrique riera, the mayor of asunción, paraguay. so whether it be passing laws on driving cars, pooling in with friends, or just simply taking the bus, theres always something that can be done to limit the usage of cars in todays societies. alternative transportation may not be as ideal or convenient as taking the family mustang to work, but its all for the hope of an easier travel to our workplace and having cleaner air to breathe during the day, and not choking on toxic clouds of death. with the combined efforts of all of us, the adavntages of limited car use are extensive as they are beneficial. euro¹  us dollars