in my opinion, i think that the development of driverless cars could be a great thing for people today. as long as theyre completely safe to our environment, this invention could be very helpful. with the technology helping with transportation and safety, nothing but positivity should come from this invention. when i talk about the safety, there could be many benefits from the driverless cars. first, with the sensors they talk about in paragraph  and  to help prevent accidents with pedestrians or bad snow wether, driverless cars could save more lives from accidents that occur with careless pedestrians, drunk drivers, and ice on roads. in addition, in paragraph  when the passage gets into the antilock brakes to assist the drivers control whats going on more when theyre behind the wheel but, with driverless cars contianing this ablility could benefit safety of passengers and others around them even more. lastly, when the passenger is comming towards danger there are all kinds of signals that warn the passengers on whats happening like for example the vibration of a seat belt which was stated in paragraph . with all of these things ive stated about the driverless cars safey i dont see anything going wrong as long as the things about the saftey in the passage are true. another thing about driverless cars are that they can be extremly helpful to some very busy passengers. when car crashes happen it can be because of a driver not paying attention, drunk drivers, or drivers that are trying to multi task and the driverless cars can help prevent these accidents. in the passage that ive read, it says things about entertainment of the driver, or wouldnt drivers get bored witing for their turn to drive?. the reason why most of the accidents occur today is because drivers are being occupied by other things so with statements like the previous one ive showed i dont nessicarily agree. i think that it would be more helpful for drivers, especially ones with children or babies to he able to attend to their children or whatever it may be thats important without having to worry about having to steer a car or watch the road. in addition, with the saying dont text and drivedie drivers wouldnt really have to worry about this because with the driverless car attending to everything with transportation, the passenger shouldnt have a problem with being occupied with their phones or whatever it is they need to do to keep themselves busy. also, with the law talking about thinking that the safest way to do things is with a human driver, i dont really agree with that either because, most car accidents that occur are because of the human drivers. comming to my conclusion, as ive stated before, i believe that driverless cars could have a positive impact to the future because of the saftey it can provide and the help it could bring. driverless cars could save more lives, make things easier on a busy parent, and make sure that people more safe on the road.