what would you do if you got written a ticket by a police officer for just driving your car? it could happen if we had a day that driving was banned to help the enviroment. i think this is great idea and we shold all get involved with trying to make it work. other countries have done it and it doesnt seem to effect anybody negativly. the only thing this would do is limit the pollution put off in america and all over. cars are probably the biggest source of pollution in our world today. we use cars for eveerything now and it is very convenient but have you ever really thought of what they are doing to our atmoshpere and ozone. smog is one of the biggest efects from driving and its not a pretty one. i wouldnt want my city to be covered in a thick layer of foggy gas fuems. in paris the smog was so thick they had to make driving outlawed for a few days just to keep it under control. if we did it even just a couple times a year nation wide it could really help. in columbia they tried this to help with car emisions and everybody enjoyed it. they even said other countrioes joined in so i think its our turn to give it a try. the people of vauban, germany have a pretty much car free town. if towns started going car free like this in america the emmisions would drop greatly. in vauban evrybody really likes not needing cars and say it is much less stressful than driving everyday. if just one in every  cities of the united states went car free we would notice how much cleaner the air is and the greenhouse effect or global warming would be almost nonexistent. another thing the articles mentioned is hybrid cars. i think hybrid cars are great, i personally have one, but some people dont really understand or like them. these cars could really help save the enviroment in just a few years if people were to start only using them. which i doubt will happen but they still are driven by many people and its much better then everyone driving a diesel truck around all the time. in all honesty i dont think any of this will happen here anytime soon but it sure would be nice. the greenhouse effect is very real no matter how many people argue about it and there is thigs that can be done to help prevent it. we just have to be willing to make some sacrafices to save our planet.