have you ever seen a unmasking face ?well if you havent let me tell you more about it . so there is the mask that in mars. we are now trying to dicorver what this strange thing is. from what i am seeing .its seems that this face is an unusual face that no one have seen before. as far as the scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, commom enough around cydonia. a few days later . nasa unveiled the image for all to see. the caption noted a huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows gigivg the illusion of eyes , noes , and mouth the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract to mars. the  face on mars has since become a pop icon . it has started in hollywood film , appeared in books, magaznines , radio talk showseven huanted grocery store checkout lines for  years! some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on marsevidence that nasa would rather hide , say conspiracy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orginal viking photos. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. so they all came together and thought about it . so there now exchanging it all right .there trying to say that the picture from nas is not the right picture which is so true . there trying to still the picture from somebody else which there trying to take the credit from mars which found the picture and put it all together . so now there all confused on which just happen when mars was just stating the simple facts that they found the oicture ands knows where the outher one is and theere going to put it back together so they can have the right picture only if . nasa don try to come over welm them with a different picture which is going to throw them off topic and confuse then on which to do and what not to do because they came with the wrong information and mars had all the right information to which to out and how to put it all together and complete the big puzzle everybody been trying to out together because all alone they had it from the beging but was not sure it wass right nor positive and sure about that picture so when the nasa came to mars and try to prove them wrong on a nother level they out stood them, and made them think over so now nasa about to go back and try to discover the othere peices to the puzzle when its already solved they dont understand that they already have the puzzle figured out all along but now there trying to take what mars had and say they found it first but not only that . but they have found something else which identify that that puzzle have been put together before the nasa found it . but its seems to me that the reader that mars have found the puzzle face and put it together and now nasa is on envestigation once again.