scientist at nasa do their best to figure the right information they have about the  unmasking the face on mars  . it was actually a better idea to keep the  face on mars  a secret just between the nasa team , then if nothing was bad news it could have been told after getting all the right information . the possiblities on knowing what this is and letting everyone know was very hard . its been there since  and in  , at last some resoltes on the face on mars . nasa is very important , and if they know that its better not to tell anyone about this , i think the people should respect their decison because they found it . most importantly not letting people make a big deal out of this because they dont know what it could be yet . sometime we cant say somethings at the most part , because its better not to let anyone know before people go crazy and go around asking a bunch of questions . the face on mars was discovered in  , and by the time that has passed , its easier to see how it actually looks . but of cource you cant just send someone out to space and actually see whats going on . its not that easy to just do that . there could be some species that are out there somewhere and dont even know about it . a period of time we believed it might have been a alien artifact , but it doesnt look like an aliens face which is something we could be for sure about that . seeing the picture that the  moc  team revealing the photo of the face , people werent so satisfied as they thought . the people must be thinking ,  theres something up in space , should we be clam or should it be best to be worried ?  , thats what might have happens when people dont listen to what we say is best and do what they think is right . but at the end of all this story and  oh its this  or  no , wait its actually that  , it turns out that it is actually a martian equivalent of a butte or of the mesa . its a common landforms around american west and its the lava dome that formed an isolated mesa . which is the same height as the  face on mars  . everything is perfectly fine , and everyone can be clam since we found out the actual and correct information and not just some random anwers that people were going around and saying about this .