i will be convincing you today to join seagoing cowboys. when working for as a seagoing cowboy you are able to do many things such as you are able to take care of horses, young cows, and mules that are shipped over the seas. you are able to vist many beautiful places like europe and china. we can not forget you will be helping people after world war two, people left in ruins without food supplies, animals, and so much more. after you are finished reading this i hope that you understand what its like to be a seagoing cowboys. in addition to caring for horses, young cows, and mules we enjoy hard workers to help take great care of the cattle. you should be a hard and caring worker such as in times when there are heavy seas. you check up on the cattle to make sure they are alright. to pass the time you can come up with fun games to play since the long trips may get tireing. just think of where the cattle is being taken to see the beautiful sites. after a long wait to finally reach land you walk out to see beautiful places. the sky prettyer than you may have ever saw. you relize all the hard work that you have been thourgh has payed off. site seeing in these places are memorial you will never forget them. this is just one of the benefits of helping others.  the cattleboat trips were an unbeliveable opportunity for a smalltown boy, as i said. just take a mintue to think about what a change you are making for other people. how they will look up to you in a very important way, that no one will ever think. by you helping these people that are left alone feel helped and you will feel appricatable.  im grateful for the opportunity, i said.  it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. this are many reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys. you will help cattle. you are able to help other people when they need it. you are able see many beautiful things in the world with your help and support. you will enjoy the great opportunity that you will have with joining the  seagoing cowboys. this is why you should be apart of the seagoing cowboys.