after the nice, relaxed weekend at the beach, steve gets up to go to work at  am to go to work that is half an hour away. his monday morning seems to be great until he jolt upright, suddenly remembering about the endofthemonth report he was supposed to do over the weekend. steve scrambles around his house, quickly changing into his work clothes and shoving food in his mouth as he runs out the door. as steve drives to work, he tries to think of ways he can get the report done quickly, but he eventually prepares himself for the verbal lashing he will recieve from his boss. steve can be anyone. forgetting to do work is a common occurance. steve, however, could have gotten the report done if he did not have to drive to work. a relatively new technology that could have saved steve from his boss rage is the driverless car. a driverless car, obviously, does not require a driver most of the time. google and many other car companies have been trying to perfect the driverless car by making the car not require a driver. there are many pros to driverless cars that far outweigh the cons. driverless cars are more safe and saves time for the driver. every year, many people die in car accdients, whether the victim was the driver or an innocent pedestrian. driverless cars can potentially lower the rate of car accidents. unlike humans, driverless cars can detect objects around them with multiple sensors installed in the car. the googlemodified toyota prius uses nine sensors  position estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor paragraph . also, the rotating sensor on the roof, called the lidar, makes a d model of the cars surroundings. with all of these sensors, the driverless car can detect objects or people that a normal human driver cannot see, as there are many blindspots that a human driver has to be wary of. also, the car can also cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce the power from the engine paragraph  based on the information received from the sensors. this gives the car better response and control than an a human driver could manage alone paragraph . although the idea of a driverless car sounds appealing, the current cars developed do not drive the full amount of time. the cars needs to alert the driver in special situations like work zones and driveways. therefore, drivers need to be alert the whole time just in case one of these special situations pop up. if you have to be alert the whole time, why not just drive in the first place? also, what happens if the car hits someone? would it be the drivers fault or the manufacturers fault? there are legal issues that can be avoided if humans just drove the cars in the first place like they have been doing for the past century. in addition to the legal problems and the drive time problem, the car can become faultly, like a computer that got a virus. this time, the consequences of faulty electronics are much higher than just replacing a computer. the car could end up taking someones life. the current driverless car does not drive the entire time. however,tesla, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan are expected to have cars that can drive of  of the time. yes, there is a  chance that a human driver might have to take over but the  of the time that the driver is not driving, he or she can do work or just relax. even if the driver fell asleep, there are many ways that the car can wake the driver up, like vibrating seats, sounds, and bright lights. cars can be developed to become better at driving in traffc zones. the human instanct, however, cannot be developed to be more cautionous all of the time. also, the legal issues do not present a problem. laws often change to adapt with the times. courts and lawmakers can debate on the issues, resolve them, and change the laws so that they can accomodate conflicts that the drierless car might present. driverless cars can solve many vehiclerelated safety issues and lower the accident rate. also, they give the driver more time to do whatever he or she wants to do. there are very little cons that come with the driverless car, and the ones that do come up can be easily solved. driverless cars should be allowed to continue to develop so that eventually, they can replace humans drivers and make the roads mroe safe. steve, too, can get a happy ending by frantically finishing is report while his new driverless car can take him to work.