isnt it strange that cars are one of the most used transporting verhicles around? well, of course besides busses, trains, airplanes, and all that. almost everyone has a car, or adleast knows someone who does. unfortunatley, in german suburbs life goes on without cars. the vaubans streets are completely carfree so the article says. they say car owner ship is allowed but there are only two places to park, large garages but that would take up to ,. also, along with a home.  of people in the vaubans family believe that life is better with out cars, of course they do not own cars.  sold a car to move here. in  there was a growing trend in europe, the united states, and else where to seperate suburban life from auto use. they call this smart planning passanger cars are responsible for  percent of the greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and up to  percent in carintensive areas in the united states. vauban. home to , people within a rectaugular square mile, may be the most experimented place with lowcar suburban life. levittown and scarsdale, new york suburbs spreadout homes and private places such as garages, homes, etc they were the dream towns of s and still and exert a stong appeal. but some new suburbs look like the vaubans. not only in developed countries but also in the developing world. the united states, the enviornmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communties. meaning the lack of usage with cars. in previous bills,  percent or appropriations have by law gone to highways and only  percent go towards other transport. on monday, motorists were ordered to leave there cars ar home or suffer a fine of . amost , drivers were fined according to reuters.  people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. down  percent congestion in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. dieasel fuel was blamed. they make up  percent of vehicles in france compared to . percent average of diesel engines in western europe. the days without cars started in bogota in the mids. president obamas goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions unvieled last week. the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily after. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to the countrys rate in january . americans can not afford new cars and the unemployed wernt going to work anyway. the next few years will be telling.