the usage of cars has really changed the way our world works. these expensive vehicales are what make make our world what it is and peopel take advantage of it. with cars we get to places faster than on a bike or even walking. many people forget how cars work though. it takes up about , dollars a month depending on which car they have on gas and maintnence. the advantages of limiting car usage is reducing the amount of fuel the we use, we would save thousands of dollars, and become more green in the world. people prefer walking or biking to school or on their way home. driving starts at the age of . imagine all the work parents do to drive their kids to school, then to work, and then pick up their kids from after school. its crazy how much of gas an adult would be using every single day. ofcourse picking up their kids from school is a guarantee but their are many other solutions to these type of things. if we started to use less fuel it would bring our economy out of debt. in the article by elisabeth rosenthal the end of car culture states that americans have not been buying cars as often and driving less and fewer license being given over the years. the era of cars and driving could be coming to an end and creating a new way of getting to places. people would say that taking the bus might become the new strategy but who knows what the future holds for america, by the year  we will be flying in cars or transportating to get to where we need to be. transportation is the second largest source in america and vehicles are becoming something much different. in new york a bikesharing program has started due to all the traffic and crowded streets their are people just take the subway and get to places faster than a car. things like that save so much money. a change in the world would be very dramatic since everyone is so used to driving a car and getting to where they need to be. studies shown by elisabeth rosenthal that even kids who live in urban areas that are  do not have license and are perfectly happy with out having one. with the amount of money people can save in motorvehicles is ridiculous. the money they save can be used for many other important things in life like food and house spendings all those things can get someone stressed could be fixed just by reducing the use of cars. who says walking or biking isnt good for the soul. technology has really changed our lives and made our generation of children a new perspective that other never saw. as a teenager we are so dependant on many thingas and get addicted very fast to whatever comes at us. a day with out a car is like a day with out a phone. we wouldnt be able to particapat in anything. a car will take us where we want to go. unlike in those movies where all the kids just bike to places, it seems more fun and interesting in that way. with all the money being spent we could be more green in the world as well. everything is so manufactured in the world that people wonder why our economy is awful. being eco friendly is the best way to go if everyone particiaptes in the cause. the world would honestly be such a better place if we all particapated in making it better. causes and actions have consequences in our world. the usage of cxars are very dependant on people and if we made a change people will be happier in life because theyll have more to recieve. our world can become a much better place where people wont have to suffer with money because due to cars we pay alot of money that doesnt have to be spent. cars can increase alot of positive things in everyones life and it will start out just by a casual walk on the street.