in the passage, the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that, studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. some of the reasons the author staes that venus is dangerous is because, the clouds have a highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere, the surfaces temperature averages over  degrees fahrenheit while the, atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we are used to on earth. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. adding onto that there are, erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and freuqent lightning strikes. venus is actualkly a lot like earth with its, volcanoes, density and size. despite the planets dangers, venus is a very interesting planet with many things that astronomers are astonishes by. they believe long ago, that venus was like earth by a lot. they also believe that venus was covered with oceans and could have supported tons of forms of life just like planet, earth. even today,venus has feature that are very similiar to earths. one of the biggest reasons for wanting to find out more about venus in a serious note is for a planetary visit, if the time were to ever come. a lot of scientists and astronomers are very intrigued into the idea of exploring venus even more. nasa has one idea for sending humans to study venus. they want to scientists float above the surface of venus in some sort of blimplike vehicle. i believe that we should explore venus, i would love to know more about venus. its always fun learning about things that you never knew, which a lot of people like the astronomers and scientists. i think that exploring and studying venus is very dangeous consdering the surface tempersature and the risky weather. i think that nasa would have their best astronauts be prepared and safe at all times. we dont know all the possibilties of what could happen while a visit at venus, but if we ever do get to explore venus we should be prepared with the best technology. i dont know if studying venus is the most important thing scientists and astronomers are worried about, but at one point it would be great if they took it to another level. i think the autho explained why studying venus is so important and why it is dangerous also.