many people use cars to get around every day. its become a common form of transportation and a way of life. but with this, there are also negative effects of having the widespread use of cars. it pollutes the earth with substances like smog and uses up more resources from the earth that it needs to, taking from the resources later generations may need. there are several benefits to reducing the use of cars, such as a cleaner and less polluted earth, and we as people will start to become smarter about our resources. there are several countries where smog is a serious issue, making it warmer than it should be and dimming the area. not only this, it destroys the earths atmosphere. there are cities where they hold days where nothing but public transportation is allowed, and people who violate will be fined. days like these decrease pollution and create a better environment for ours and other generations to come. if cities all around the world took stands such as this and began to have multiple days of no cars or even ban them, the world may become a cleaner and less polluted place, and the atmosphere may not be destoyed as easily. what it seems, is that all it really takes is just some effort from us to make the world a better place. with the banning of car use comes the knowledge of how much of our resources we have wasted on them. we may start to realize what we have done to the earth, and in turn, ourselves. it is an extreme pollution to the earth, destroying the atmosphere and depleting the metals and materials used to make and drive these cars. with the reduction of the use of cars comes the fact that we will no longer destroy the earth with gasoline and diesel fuel, but instead try to keeo if clean and preserve what we still have left. so, if we try to reduce the usage of cars worldwide, we will stop the massive polution we have created and will gain the knowledge of what we have done, instead of living in blissful ignorance. there is something we can learn with this. without cars, smog would almost not be caused by us, and we as a race will no longer destroy our home.