in this article, the challene of exploring venus, the author is explaining the difficulties of researching venus closer, and why it is near impossible due to the challenges the planet provides. the author states what challenges the planet poses, and how scientists are trying to overcome those challenges. the author also says why the planet is worth the risk of exploration. the author supports the claim that venus is a worthy persuit for exploration, disregarding the dangers, because venus has many similar geological structures and could have once supported life due to the planets simularities to earth, but the author doesnt provide much more evidence as to why it is a worthy persuit. in the same paragraph, a few lines down, the author gives examples of the similar features of terrain that the two planets share. the author says that, venus has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the author means to that the planet has simlar geological features, in the next line the author expands upon what those are. the author states, the planet has a surface of sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. through these two sentences from the article the author is contributing to reasons why exploration on the planet venus is worth it, despite the natural dangers that the planet poses. the fact the two planets share similar physical characterists appeals the claim the author made about venus being earths sister planet. in the fourth paragraph the author gives a few reasons as to why scientists are further discussing the exploration of the planet venus. the author says that venus is the most earthlike planet in the solar system, and it may have housed life at one point. in the second line of the paragraph, the author states, austronomers are facinated by venus because it may once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this peice from the article shows that researchers, or astronomers, are intrigued by venus because of its simularities with earth. then the author goes into more detail about what those simularites are, in the same paragraph he states, venus was probably convered largely with oceans and could have supported varius forms of life, just like earth. in this sentence the author expands upon what those simularites are, and how the planets are similar because of their attributes, such as the support of different life forms. the detail the author inserted into the article about the resemblance of oceans is significant because life is not possible without oceans, and venus had them. both peices of evidence that support what claims the author made as to why research into venus was a good idea came from the same paragraph. the other seven paragraphs of the article expand upon why exploration isnt possible, how scientists and researchers are trying to overcome the difficulties that the planet provides them with, and what dangers there are. only one paragraph from the article supports why exploration is intriguing to scientists. in this paragraph, the author supports why exploration towards venus is being chased, such the similar physical characterists and the possiblity of life. the author doesnt support that idea of further exploration to venus adequetly because they dont provide enough claims. there are two statements supporting why scientists are facinated by venus. why studying venus is a worthy persuit is a minor detail in the article, the author does not do a well enough job in supporting the motivations behind the scientists.