driverless cars are coming as everything in our society based on science and technology, cars are also developing from human control to driverless. the article on the left introduces how big companies for instance, google, bmw, etc. are trying to make driverless cars come into our daily life and how the law will change if we have driverless cars commonly. once driverless cars come into our life, people will argue that is it good to develop driverless cars or is it bad? in my opinion, i have a positive aspects of driverless cars. the first and the most direct reason is because driverless cars can make our daily life much more convenient than before. we dont need to worry about which road are we driving on or any places we havent been before. the car will drive for us, it will have plan for which road or direction well be. the second reason is the driverless cars are safer than people driving by themselves. sometimes people cannot drive safely when they are tired or get drunk. that can make a huge accident. but the driverless cars can help us to drive, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. passage  by using the sensor in the car, we dont need to worry about safety anymore. the sensor can control the car and give us a much safer trip than ever before. the third reason is driverless cars can reduce the quantity of accidents. when people are using the driverless cars, they must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a probelm occurs. passage  although it is driverless car, drivers still need to pay attention. convenience, safety, reduction of accidents... these are the reasons we choose to use the driverless cars. there is a huge number of people who still have negative aspects of the driverless cars. technologies need to impprove, we can improve our phones, our computers, but why not cars? the driverless cars the symbol of the improvement to technologies and driverless cars can bring us a lot of benefits. our life can get more convenient and safer than before.