facial action coding system technology that can detect your emotions and others. people will used that non stop people will keep looking other peoples emotions. that technology will not go that well and i dont think that technology is safe to use. people will just play with that and mess around i dont think we need that to use just to know peoples feeling we can figure it out withouth using that technology. think about this way if you give that to a one person you think they will use it for good i dont think so. its not good to use that its because people are just gonna play with humans feeling so im going for not using facial action coding system. people know what your feeling their just gonna make fun of you or mess around with you because they know how you feel. its justn not safe its just gonna make people in trouble itt really a bad idea to use it. knowing how many percent how happy you are based on passage it can detect percentage of your emotions thats nice but its really bad idea. based on the passage their talking about how humans perform the same impressive calculation everyday i dont believe that human have different perspective, different point of view. i would rather not use facial action coding system i dont even think if its safe or not. its really not a good idea to use it for humans because you know how they feel based on their actions, movements, expressions, and how they act. no need for that technology knowing a person you can tell how happy they are. someone you truly know is a best way to know their expression. using facial action coding system should be illigal because i people dont want them finding out their feeling. no one wants to know what your feeling you want them to find out because thats how you know if they do care. people got used to people knowing their used to look for their expression they dont need such as facial action system. its so much better to know a feeling by talking to them in person. i would prefer use my abilities to know a person feeling instead of using that fake technology. by looking at the picture of mona lisa you can that is quite happy you can see that little curve in her face it might seem different for others but looking at her make feel that shes happy.it says on the passage it also can make you happy. thats really not a good idea you can make people happy withouth using any technology .that would probably cost a lot of money i dont think people can afford that. instead of buying that technology might just spend the money for my family.