the facial action coding system could be the latest and greatest new advancement in schools all over the country. although there are some downsides and possible invasion of privacy claims against using it at schools or on children, i believe that the benefits outweigh the cons. the article quotes a scientist, dr. huang, who is studying this technology, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this quote leads me to my first point the facial action coding system would help children learn and stay focused in class. all students, including me, have all had times that theyve had to sit through very boring classes or lessons, possibly even causing them to fall asleep at some point. this technology would alert the teacher when students become so bored that they are literally falling asleep, and possibly allow the teacher to change course of the lesson. otherwise, students arent learning what they need to be learning and teachers dont know what their students think about their style of teaching. my second reason for preaching this code is that it may be able to help depressed kids, or kids that are thinking about doing something terrible i.e. killing themselves or others. the number one reason for suicide is depression, but nobody can treat depression unless they know when someone has it. most depressed kids will not tell anyone how they are feeling or will only tell their closest friends. this is the main reason nobody can help them. with this technology, parents, teachers, and doctors could all look at the students emotions at different times of the day, and possibly determine whether or not their kid is truly happy, or is only acting happy. the same goes for kids who may have some sort of anger issue. if someone is looking at this software and notices that one kid is angery every time he looks at a certain classmate, the person using the software might be able to talk to the kid, or at least keep a closer eye on himher. some opposers of the facs software may say, this is an invasion of privacy, or sometimes its best for people not to know how someone else is feeling about them. although, yes, in certain scenarios it is best not to know how people feel about you, for teachers i believe it would be very valuble to the education of youth by being able to shape a lesson around what the kids actually enjoy learning, or at least keep them interested. also, is it really an invasion of privacy? i dont think so. facial expressions are shown to everybody already, just by looking at them, so even without this technology someone with the right skills and education could read their face just the same. the facial action coding system would improve schools across the world by making lessons better for children. children would stay more focused in school, whether because they are actually interested or whether they just dont want the teacher to see they are bored, it still has the same effect. the software also has the ability to save lives by diagnosing or at least finding leads on depression, and also by spotting a bad kid before he can do anything terrible. the facs is a valuble asset to schools all over the world, and once made available and cheap, should be everywhere.