the unusual rock formation when the face of mars was discovered many people had very different accusations and claims. many peopleincluding scientists thought it was created suddenly by aliens. although, that can be a possibility, it really wasnt the case for this certain situation. the reason being, was because nasa along with its scientists have many reasons for the face of mars to be a just a natural landform on mars. they even have enough evidence to supprt their perspectives of the identity of the face of mars. first, the scientists took many sharpening images to see all the specific details of the this natural rock formation. in the article, it states that photographing cydonia became a priority of nasa. that this huge rock formation was only made by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the scientist not only took one photo, and were done with the discovery, they took many photos. as the article shows that they took many photos from , , and , the scientists took the information they had, and came to a conclusion, that this was only a gigantic rock formation. furthermore, when the scientists took the photos, they also discovered that this landform didnt have anything unusual because they can basically see everything from their spacecraft. as the article states, they took the digital image three times bigger than the pixel size. this mean that the scientists throughout the years have made this photos more and more sharpenly to see all the details, and see exacly what this mystery of a rock formation is. so, when they took the pixel size larger and larger they realized they reached the end of their discovery. the reason was because it was really zoomed it, that even if there were egyptianstyle pyramids or small shacks you could see them. then, even though the concluding statement was that it was only a rock landform, many people argue that it was an usual formation created by aliens. scientists and other people believe it was an alien aritifact. even though the scientists couldnt get a valuable picture of the formation because of the wispy clounds, many people believed that it was skeptics alien markings hidden by the haze. on the other hand, this couldnt be true because aliens could easily still cover the formation, but that didnt happen because the scientist ended up taking realistic photos of the face rock. in conclusion, the face of mars is only a simple rock landform with an unusual formation of a human face. there are many reasons why,including the photos, and how they came to be much sharper and detailed by the range of the pixels. also, the rock formation was in cydonia, whcih really want a mysterious plant, considering that nasa immediately got informed by it. even though, there has been enough evidence in photos, many people believe it was created mysteriosly be aliens. in the end, its just a landform in a whole different planet, so how can one simple facelike formation be created by aliens?