though some may argue that the face is alien made i belive i can prove them wrong. there have been many theories many are just based on others opinions instead of actual facts. so, how can we the scientist be right well, its simple you use research. though i am on the side that the face is just a land formation i can start to see the theorists point. in the begging yes it was some what unclear. because theorists gave reasons to belive we couldnt see only because it was a cloudy time as said in paragraph . also, its hard to forget or just drop something as big as this which lasted  years. the face was a highlight to a dull world it gave some people reason to believe that we are not alone and that event sparked so many other theories. but, never the less these theorists certinally need to get a day job and just quite while their ahead. now, that we have delved into the side that most dont join. id like to talk about why the face should just be forgoten. when viking  had been sent up in may of  we along with theorists were curious about what was found. but with careful examination we were able to see it was nothng out of the ordinary. in paragraph  we had described it as  as a huge rock formation with shadow that gave th illusion of a human face. in which case meant we had nothing to hide although some beg to differ. but, with some still demanding we have a closer look we had finally agreed. in our case it was not an easy as stated in paragraph   cydonia is not easy to target. nevertheless we had acomplished our task and gave the people what they wanted. we had even had the technology to show everthing that could be seen on there. and of cousre nasa is stil correct becausce nothing was found just a rock that looked like a face. to compare it we had said its is equivalnt to a mesa or the middle butte in the american west. in conclusion, i believe that i have shown enough evidence to put theorists in their place along with others, who belive the face is alien made. though we and many others would have lovedbenefited from it it is now proven there are no egyptian style pryamids , airplanes on the ground, or even small shacks. so to wrap it all up i belive and have proven that the face on mars is nothing and should just disapear.