studying other planets and figuring what else is out there can be intersting and dangous at the same time. not knowing what could be out there could hurt us in many ways. studying from a distance wont do us any harm, but maybe actually visiting venus could hurt us. it could hurt us because we dont know what could happen. exploring isnt always worth seeking, especially causing a disruption to mother nature. theres no harm on studying planet venus from earth. living on venus or visiting, that shoudnt even be a consideration. a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet para . venus is too hot to even consider visiting for a personal study as a human. venus is known for its volcanoes and powerful earthquakes. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquacks, and frequent lighting strikes.. para . these reasons vould be because of how close venus is close to the sun and is the hottest planet in the solar system by far. other reasons why studying venus from afar is a best choice is the fact that it would be a difficult task to fly human out for a study. ...because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything als, from a distance para . landing on venus and studying would be hard becasue of the unstable conditions. not due to weather, but due to how spaceships would act on the venus because of the geographical features. even though these opinions are true, many scientist believe this mission could be done. weather isnt too bad for humans to visite the planet reseachers say. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for human para . many scientist are creating ways to make it possible for humans to land on the planet. many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully yo our knowledge of venus para . despite the risks, scientist and researchers are working hand in hand to figure out a way to make it possible to land on venus. even though scientist are finding many ways to land on venus, it is a very hardful and long study that might be able to contruste or not. either way this can hurt many people. sending humans can be harmful and wouldnt be any point if studying. it would be had to collect evidence or take pictures.