dear, senator there are many ways in keeping the change to election by popular vote for the president of the united states instead of keeping the electoral college. the electoral college is a difficult process to go through. the electoral college consists of the electors, where they vote for the president and the vice president and also the counting of the elctoral votes by congress. electoral college is unfair, outdated to the voters, by using the election by popular votes for the president of the united states is fair to voters because they get to choose the person to run the office for four years. to begin with, in favor keeping the change to election by popular vote for the president of the united states is very helpful for the voters to vote easily to choose and listen to the candidates to see who will be great to the world. in source  in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner in paragragh  states, voters in tossup states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaignto really listen to the competing candidatesknowing that they are going to decided the election. what this quote is trying to say that letting the voters choose and listen to the candidtes very carefully to decide on the election, who will be helpful. letting voters vote are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average and that they will recieved the most information and attetion from the candidates. by aruging keeping the popular votes for the president of the united states is very fair to the voters. furthermore, the people such as the voters help choose the states elsctors when you are voting for the president. for example, in soruce  what is the electoral college? by the office of the fedral register in paragragh  say, you help choose your states electors when you vote for presidnet because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates electors. this quote explains that the voters get to choose the president but its actually voting for the candidates electors. its more easier keeping the popular vote for the presidnet of unites states instead of keeping the electoral college because its a difficult process to go through. its true that election by popular vote for the president of united states is a good argument for the voters to choose wisley. as this can be seen as in source  the indfensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong by bradford plumer in paragragh  states, this year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. for example, in the  u.s presidential race, al gore received more individual votes than george w. bush nationwide, but bush won the election by receiving  electoral votes to gores . by keeping the popular vote for the president of the united states is more easier for the society instead of using the electoral college. in conclusion, why keep the electoral college, when you can you use the popular vote. so by keeping the popular votes is useful to let these people vote on who they want to choose. so by other people perspective, you should keep the popular votes. sincerly, anonymous, hopefully your satisfied.