ever since the very first cars were available for purchase it seems that everyone has wanted one. well not so much anymore. people have very well evolved from the need of a car. we find different ways to get to school and work without a car. this is good for our planet and im sure mother earth is thanking us for it, but in ten years from now will people even know what a car is? cars can play a big role in someones life, it even has the power to take it away. in bogota, columbia a carfree day took place and buinessman carlos arturo plaza said, its a great opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. driving is something that takes years of practice to perfect and it should not be taken lightly. how much a state pays in repairs in damages caused by car accidents must be huge! so what would happen if no one drove anymore? what it be a change for good? less and less people are driving today as our world is changing. accroding to doug short, the amount of miles driven by a person has dropped  percent. many people find it more difficult to own a car and fill it with gas and have to drive somwhere. they would much rather live in a place where they can just walk to work. the use of a very advanced internet is a good way to keep in touch with friends without having to get off your couch! cars have a really big effect on the air pollution and it is really starting to hurt our earth. paris has recently had a nearrecord pollution. paris had  of micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter! this goes for show what kind of effect a cars exhaust can do. by people resiting the need to drive anywhere and even owning a car, it is going to help with controlling the smog prdocued and hopefully help keep our earth alive! so overall by limiting car use and by people taking the bus or riding their bike, our earth can remain healthy. also by limting the use of cars we can use those costs and apply it somewhere more useful and possibly save lives! of course cars can be good, but their bad seems to cancel out what little good they do indeed. our world we live in is changing and people are straying away from cars. in ten to twenty years who will even know what a car is?