the study of venus in  the challenges of exploring venus the author talks about studying venus and sending humans to explore the planets. the author supports this idea by giuving many good points as to why studying venus is a good idea, despite all the dangers and risks.  venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it possible for even an amateur stargazer to spot. this is the first clue that the author is going to be supporting hisidea with good points. the author thinks that becasue venus is the planet closest to earth it is worth studying despite the proximity to earth. in paragraph  it says,  each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this proves that most the spacecrafts that they have sent to venus didnt survive. in paragraph  it also says, maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. this shows that venus hasnt been touched in so long that we dont know what has changed and its about time that we study the differences that has occured throughout three decades. overall, its been a long time since venus was last studied and the author thinks it time to study ther changes now. the author talks about how astronomers think venus is facinating because it was once the most earthlike planet in the solar system. in paragrapgh  it says, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this proves that venus, to this day, still has some features that really similar to those on earth. in paragraph  it also syas, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this means that venus once had all the things that earth has today, like oceans, animals, and other living things. all together, there were things very similar to things that are on earth today, and studying venus could give us the elent of surprise as to what they find on the planet today. the author states that the temperature on venus would still be warm enough but the air pressure would be close to sea level on earth, it wouldnt be easy conditions but it would be survivable for humans. in paragraph  it says, striving to meet the challenges presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likey lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this means that there are so many people with so much curiosity and all that curiosity could lead them to finding soemthing new. it also says in paragraph ,  our travles on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this means that people shoulnt hold back on exploring something because of any doubts that they have or the possible dangers. in conclusion, the author of  the challenges of exploring venus thinks that is it a good idea to explore venus because of all the features similar to earth it used to have, venus hasnt been toucghed in so long, and because people could lead us to find new things on the planet.