have you ever walked a certain number of miles in order to get where you needed to go? in germany,  of families dont own a car and walk to get where they need to go. in vauban, germany, residents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before they have given up their cars. source  most of vaubans familes do not own cars and almost  sold a car to move to germany. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way said heidrun walter, a media trainer and a mother of two. ms. walter loved to walk the verdant streets and hear the swish of bikes and the noise of young children playing around. it always drowned out the occasional distant motor of the cars coming form wherever. people are trying to reduce the car usage in the united states as well. in the united states. the enviromental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities, and legislators are starting to act, if cautiously. source  in america, recent studies shows that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. researchers think americans dont want to drive anymore. the number of miles drivien un the united states got to its highest in  and ever since than it number has decreased tremendously. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . source  part of the reason the american car percentage is decreasing is becuase the recession and the number of unemployed people we have in the u.s. we cant afford new cars so thats also some of the reasoning behind the usage of cars decreasing in the u.s. one day in paris,there was a enforced partial driving ban to clear the air of global city. citizens of paris were not allowed to drive their cars and were ordered to leave this motor vehicles at home or suffer a euro fine  . almost , driviers were fined and  people had their cars towed for their reaction to the fine. diesal fuel was blamed since france, compared to a . average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe. delivery companies complained on how they couldnt do their job while plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers were excused. public transit was free of charge for three days. the smog was cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. source  bogota, colombia has made a holiday out of the ban for cars. every year for one day people cannot use their motor vehicles. buses and taxis were the only motor vehicle permitted. violators faced a  fine if the rules were broken. this has been the third year the holiday day without cars has effectively taken place. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said business carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycles with his wife. in conclusion, cars have a great use in this world but i think we would be better off without cars. in different countries there is a even or a holiday where it is illegal to use cars. it would be very efficent to have a day for no cars in the united states. it would show people the importance on walking and not to rely on their car to get them places.