the article driverless cars are coming is a very encouraging on the behalf of driverless cars. these cars would be very helpful to those who text and drive. sergey brin, cofounder to google believes that soon noone should even need cars. in ,google had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions. their cars have drieven more than half a million miles without crashing, but these cars arent exactly completely driverless. for example, if you were to buy a driverless car youd stil have to stay alert, like any other nondriverless car, but youd be able to take your eyes off the road for about  seconds. if youll have to pay attention to the car as its driving, youd have better luck just driving it yourself. if theres an accident, traffic issues,or roadwork, youll end up being the one who has to drive for who knows how long. i think that id have better luck just driving on my own. people have been fascinated with driverless cars since the late s. for example, in the late s, general motors created a concept car that could run on a soecial track. this track had been embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. engineer at berkeley tried the same thing but this time they used magnetics with alternating polarity. the car would read positive and negative polarity messages in binary code. the smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to the existing roads, but they were way to expensive. in the s automakers would use speed sensors at the wheel in the creation of antilock breaks. within  years, these sensors had become more advanced to detect and resopnd to danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine. this alowed better response and control than any human could manage alone. sebastian thrun, founder of the google car project, believes that the technology has finally began to catch up to the dreams. before the s, they didnt have all the sensors, the computers, or the mapping. the radar was a device that cost two hundred thousand milion dollars. in , bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. this car could handle driving speeds up to  mph. this car had special touch sensors to make sure thatthe driver keeps their hands on the wheel. the cars could steer,accelerate, and brake themselves, but if there were any traffic incidents, the car would require human skills. this means that the driver would have to stay alert as if they were driving. to keep the driver alert, gm has developed seats that vibrate the drivers seat when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the google the car announces when the driver should be prepared to take over the wheel. also, other options for the cars driver to stay alert is flashing on the windshield and on the heads up displays. manufacturing is also considering cameras to watch the driver or make sure that they are remaining focused on the road. i dont believe that a want a car watching me when i know its somebody else video taping me and my family. think of how akward that would feel having a computer watch your every move in your car. they think that the driver would get tired of waiting on their turn to drive. if you are a , , or  year old teenager who is figuring out how to drive,youll get tired of waiting to drive, youll be ready to put your hands on the wheel and show everyone that youve grown up. dr. werner, a bmw project manager driver says that we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. some manufactures hope to do that by bringin in car entertainment. the purpose of the driverless car is to help texting and driving, this helps by keeping more teens out of accidents. in my conclusion i think that driverless cars would be a waste of time because youll still have to be alert, theyll puit cameras in your car and people shouldnt be texting and driving anyway, if its that important to text they should of took the bus.