i believe that using technology to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is beneficial. this is because students maybe struggling from depression or anxiety. it is easy for people to fake a smile or not act sad. using the technology today, society can figure out whether or not someone is in a good mental state. this technolgoy does not just calculate one eotion, but multiple emotions. it would be a good idea to use this new system of calculating emotions because individuals misinterpertate another persons mood. with using this device humns would have a clear and better understanding of how someone is feeling. the facial action coding system can help teachers with their job. this device can detect whether a student is bored or understanding the material. if teachers new this, they would find a better way of teaching. the device is all about those muscular action movements, they even indiate a difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. the facial action coding system is valuable in the classroom because it can tell the differene if omeone is being truthful or not. if a student gets in trouble and chooses not to tell the truth, this device can detect it. the article states to an expert, faces dont lie, these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. its also important to detect students emotions in the classroom. the teachers never know whats going on with a student. for example a student could have a rough home life, that could lead to making bad choices like self harm. its important to know what a student is feeling so they can get help earlier on. not only is that a good thing to know, but its important to see if the student understands the material being taught. if the student is unsure what is going on in the lesson, the teacher needs to find a way to help the student understand. if students are bored or confusedduring the lesson, the teacher needs to modify it. teachers can do this by making work more hands on and intresting. in conclusion the facial action coding system is a smart and effective way to indicae someones emotions and shouls be used more.