many people have been fascinating over whether or not the face is a natural landform or some alien marking. nasa has been trying to uncover the mystery for more than  years, however, because there is not solid evidence on whether or not aliens exist this marking would be classified as a natural landform. the face is classified a natural landform for many reasons. what evidence do we have that proves aliens are real? we have tv shows and theories on the internet but that does not prove the fact that aliens may or may not exist. tv shows and the internet posts are based of opinionated desicions. also, with the era we are living in technology has advanced greatly. which is a major benefit. cameras are a big thing for nasa, it is photographic evidence. in  vikings used a  meters per pixel photograph this made the photo blurry, in  nasa memebers used a . meter span which greatly increased the resolution. not only has technology been a major benifit, weather is a key factor when the pictures were taken. when the picture was taken by the vikings it was a cloudy time of the year for the red planet. after a few years of examining whether or not the face was an alien artifact scientists decided to check for themselves and when another photograph was taken the image appeared clear and revealing. however, the face artifact was not proven yet to be a natural landform, therefore it could be symbolized as an alien artifact. from research, not one person has attempted to dig up or around this alien artifact to prove that it is nothing more than a natural landform. with that, there have been many alien sightings, not just by everyday citizens but by professionals too! also, not only do scientists lie about the truth most of the time, nasa could be lying about whether or not this is an alien marking or a natural landform. although it is true there are few scientists who do cover up the truth about the world around us, why would a scientists, let alone a national government agency want to hide an amazing artifact that could teach us so much? they wouldnt because that would be a huge loss of money. with the theory there are many sighting of aliens has  person ever come into facetoface contact with an alien? no, there are only pictures of what proves to be an alien lifeform. creating an image on an alien can be used with photoshop or other editing tools. while it is true people can use photoshop to create an image nasa wouldnt lie about an alien artifact. with tv shows, youtube videos and many pictures there has been enough evidence presented to prove aliens exist and that an alien could be leaving behind an marking to tell humanity about something. with this concluding essay, there has been enough evidence to prove that nasa and scientists have no reason to lie about whether or not this face is claimed to be a landform or an alien artifact. therefore, the face has been claimed and proven a natural landform because there is no solid evidence of an alien leaving strange markings behind.