driverless cars and how i feel about them. well i think they would be helpful and dangerous. the help would come from providing parents access to attend to their child while getting to where they need to go. also for people who handle a lot of business, and students. the danger is not all things are promised o function correctly, anything could happen. parents sometimes while driving with kids can be a handfull. babies cry and scream needing a bottle or a change of a diaper, or sometimes comfort. with driverless cars that could help. parents wuld be able to attend their child while still going wherever that it is their going. sometimes driving with kids you have to be careful with the speed youre going because when you have to stop abruptly its possible for the car to jerk and your kids will fly out the windshield. with driverless cars they have better brakes and sensors for the car to stop when they detect something is coming or if you go without it being your turn. people who have businesses can have a hassle trying to have meetings with clients or board meetings with shareholders over the phone while driving. that can not only lead to a dangerous accident but can result in you having a ticket. driverless cars would improve that because not only could people get on the phone and look around for papers and send emails but they can still be in motion in their cars. as for the students, they have homework almost everyday, and trying to get to school everyday knowing that you didnt finish some of that homework is definitely something to make you cranky. with driverless cars you will be able to finish up the exra work you forgot and also be on your way to school. i know that would love to invest in this car for that very reason. the dangerous part is not every machiene operates correctly. theres something that can always go wrong relying on technology, especially new technology. so in conclusion this why im both with and against driverless cars. i believe over time my opinion would change to being completely for driverless cars.