there are many advantages on limiting the usage of cars in many countrys around the world. for example, the united states, paris, and even small areas like the german suburbs. because of the usage of cars we are starting to get a lot of pollution, and lots of tax money going towrds our roads. according to source  in german suburb, life goes on without cars says that in previous bills  percent of appropriations have by law gone to highway and only   percent to other transport. beaucse of this many expect public transport serving suburbs to play a largerrole in a sixyear federal transportation bill to be approved sometime this year. also, as found in paragraph  passenger cars are responsible for  pecent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe . . . anfd up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. there for is causing problrms to our invierment. paris is also having problems with pollution. from reading paris bans diving due to smog by robert duffer. tells us reads that after days of nearrecord pollution paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air in the city. and that the congestion was down  persent in the capital of france, after five days of smog. in reading paragraph  paris typically has more smog than other european capitals . . . last week pairs had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. from reading that you can tell that pairs has a high level of polloution. foud in source  with all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result to the habit. meaning if everyone walked or biked instead of using cars we would be use to it and not depend on them. from the same source in paragraph  you can infer that in new york that many people are starting to use bikes insted of cars, as found new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing brige and tunnels tools reflect those new priorities, as do proliferation of car sharing programs across the nation. then in paragraph  , it tells us that the population suggest that the trend of demographic shifts in driving may accelerate. from reading the sources and adding up all of the information it is vary easy to infer that we would have a lot of advantages if we didnt use cars. we would have less polloution and would be paying less for roadways.