throughout this article, the author is very thorough in explaining what the risks of traveling to venus are and why they believe it would be beneficial to explore the planet regardless of these cautions. in paragraph one, the author introduces venus and how it has been a challenging planet to examine. in paragraph two, the author introduces the idea that venus is much more similar to earth than we may have originally thought. the author states that while venus is close to earth, the atmosphere of the planet makes it too much of a risk to actually travel to and land on. while unmanned spacecrafts have gone to venus and successfully landed, none of them survived more than a few hours on the planet. the author uses this statement to show one of the many risks of traveling to venus. in paragraph three the author delves deeper into venuss atmosphere and why it would be harsh for humans. they explain this idea well by stating facts about the heat, atmospheric pressure, and other environmental factors that make venus harsher than earth. in paragraph four, they pose the question, if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? within the paragraph, they answer this question by discussing the historical interest scientists have in venus. they also emphasize the point previously made in paragraph two, that the close distance of venus to earth is a large benefit. as an extension of the environment of venus discussed in paragraph three they add more information about the planets environment. in paragraph five, the author begins to discuss nasas plans for safer travel to venus. they explain what nasa is doing in terms of research and projects, what future plans are, and how they can make humans prepared to withstand venuss harsh conditions. in paragraph six, the author counters what was stated in the previous paragraph by explaining why nasas plans would not allow for a complete investigation of the planet. the author claims that the risks of traveling to venus should perhaps be thought of as challenges. by looking at this in a new light, or from a different perspective, the author supports their original claim that venus is worth pursuing depsite risks. in paragraph seven, they return to explaining what nasa is currently working on and other approaches they are developing to study the planet. the author goes into detail about technology they are using and how this can be beneficial to creating a safe way for humans to finally land on venus. the author then concludes the article by returning to their original claim that venus is beneficial to travel to and explore by claiming it has historical value. this article is well written and supports its claims very well, as proven with each paragraph. the authors claim is well supported by the evidence they present and the facts they state over the course of the article.