the face on mars is a very interesting landmark. some people believe that aliens created this mask while nasa believes the face is just a natural landform. there are very important reasons why the face is just an ordinary landform and this essay will list them all. i will try to convince a person why the face is a natural landform. first of all, the face cant possibly be made by aliens because pictures show that it is just a natural landform and not an alien monument. this was very disappointing to some but it was the truth. evidence of the pictures still didnt satisfy some believers. they still believed that the alien monument was the face and that there are aliens in the world. so again, a camera went up on the mgs to look through the clouds. once again, the pictures revealed it was not an alien monument. still, people continued to believe that the alien markings were hidden by the haze. many people wanted to believe that the monument was from aliens but really it was just an ordinary landform. strong alien believers took to thinking that nasa was hiding something from everyone. this doesnt make any sense because why would nasa put the picture of the face out for everyone to see when they wanted to hide aliens from being alive. also, aliens would be a great discovery to nasa and would help the institution. everyone would want proof of the aliens and nasa would make millions of dollars if they got pictures of these aliens. this again was proven false and showed that the alien monument was really just a natural landform that formed over years of rocks and dust. everyone was stuck on the idea that aliens were real and thats why the face is there. but in reality no one has any evidence of aliens even being alive. now people think that the face is proof, but again they are wrong. for a third time, mars global surveyor took some pictures of the landmark on a cloudless day. it was a very clear picture that couldnt hide anything at all. they searched the whole perimeter and there wasnt any small shacks, airplanes, or pyramids hiding to prove the opinion of aliens being alive. thus, it finally showed the majority of alien believers that the face was an actual landmark that wasnt built by aliens. they actually found that it resembled middle butte which is a similar height to the face. there is too much evidence to still believe that aliens have created the face. there is no proof that aliens have built this landform and that, in actuality, aliens are even a real, living thing. even though there is an enormous amount of evidence there are still some people who live for aliens. the face, as a natural landform, has so much reasoning that there is no way around it. this incredible natural structure is, in fact, not built by aliens.