in the article driverless cars are coming, it talks about how cars can be computer driven. some people would be in favor of such a thing where as others would not. i am in complete favor of them as i see it as a leap into the future. the computerdriven cars would allow the driver to be hands free when driving and doing something else such as paper work, on their phone, or even eating. the computerdriven cars would also use half as much fuel then a taxi saving tons of money. the cars would also have alerts and safty precautions just in case the driver doesnt feel safe and wants to take over on his or her own. i am in favor for these future cars because they will allow the driver to be hands free, save gas money, and have complete safety precautions as well. having a computerdriven car would allow the driver the ability to multitask and focus on his or her priorities. if a person forgot to fill out any paper work or even do their home work, they can now use the time from the drive to their destination to finish them. we can also have the advantage of eating on the go. if a person is running late and is yet to eat, they can use the time in their computerdriven car to eat as they will be hands free. the driver will even be able to have access to their cell phones on there car rides. the computerdriven cars will surprisingly be using half as much fuel then a taxi. this lets the driver save a ton of money. it allows them to use their money on other things and not have to be driving. this will lower the ammount of polution as well making the computerdriven cars better for the enviornment. the safety on computerdriven cars is fundamental. every company on the verge of these future cars wants the safety to be at its best. each company puts as many sensors as the car needs for the safety of the drivers. safety is the number one thing that desingers of these cars focus on and would not begin to sell them until they are fully sure that the buyers are safe, and the companies will put as many precautions as possible if a error occurs. i am in favor for the computerdriven cars and highly agree that they will be in our future to stay. the cars will be here for the best of our future and will not fail in my eyes. the computerdriven cars will be very advanced and will allow the drivers to be hands free and use that time for priorities, save them a lot of money on fuel, and will be very safe and get us to our destinations. these cars are the future and are here to stay.