the author states this facs machine can read emotions just by looking at someone is nonsense but this could be true. it decoded the facial emotions of the mona lisa and saying all her emotions just by looking at it, i want to beleive it can do that. the author states that mona lisa is   percent happy,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. the algerithym only gave us  of the mona lisa emotion what about the other ? the facs machine reads your  major muscles to read your emotions which is amazing and kind of silly at the same time. this all the machine does but it could be helpful to figure out if someone is really upset about something going on, but it could have some draw backs to it. the facs machine only read  of the mona lisa and i want to know the rest of it! the positive aspect of the machine is that it could read emotions and facial muscles to see if the kid is thinking about suicide if it could do that. the facs machine using video imagery, the new emotionrecognizer software tracks these facial movements. this shows that facs is devolping that one day could helps with emotions and other various life problems like helping us recognize friends that are going through a rough patch in their life. these sentences from the text  for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actully describing each facial trait the conveys happy, worried etc. if dr. huang devolps the facs machine more to helps more with friends emotion when feeling down or even our parents if neccesary. this could have a huge impact for students because teachers can with problems in your just by recognizing your facial movements and emotions. this facs machine may have some down sides to it because this could be a invadement of personal space, say if some doesnt want to talk and use this machine to do so then you used the machine without that persons permission so this machine as long as it used for people that really need the help i dont think this machine will last much. this text from the passage most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication,  dr. huang.  so computars need to understand that,too. another upside to this facs machine is that it could become a human inscrutor  a classroom computar could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts.  then it could modify the lesson, like an effecttive human instructor. the facs machine could be a huge help with students that struggle emotionaly with anything, so for final conclsuion the facs machine can a huge help to students but also be a invasion of personal space, because some students dont know that their computars have this program and reads their emotions without them knowing ahead of time. this facs machine should be installed if the students want it to be installed.