the face on mars was a natural creation. it is similar to the middle butte landform in snake river plain of idaho. the facial features was created by shadows makily it look eerely like a face. the features of the face are an optical illusion. nasa concluded that it was not made by aliens. the face is similar to teh middle butte. the middle butte is a lava dome that takes the form of a face. the landforms are common around the western parts of the united states. the picture shows a face that could only be like the middle butte in snake river plain in idaho. this is how the face could be a natural feature. the middle butte from idaho was formed when lava and the earth combined and made it look like a face when you are on google earth. the face on mars is just like the middle butte that is in idaho. it is possible that there was once lava or a liquid that combined with the surface to make a facial feature that you see when you look at the face on mars. the face on mars is also not very well detailed. if it was a monument then it would have detail. it would have eyebrows or details around the mouth and eyes so it resembled a certain person. this is how the middle butte on mars is a natural figure. the face was an optical issusion. there was shadows that made the face look relatively similar to a human face. the shadows also could have been formed by the clouds that were blocking the view of viking for a while. the viking had to get closer to take a picture of the natural landform. the landform could have been just a pile of dirt or a pile of rocks that had holes that made it look simillar to a face. some people argue that the alien markings were hidden by the hazey clouds. when the viking went over the face it only took a few pictures. when the mars global surveyor went over cydonia for the first time they snapped a picture  times better than the original viking picture. the picture from mars global surveyor had better quality than the picture from viking. this is how the clouds and the camera on the viking made an optical illusion. nasa concluded that the face was not like the egytian style pyramids. they came to a decision that the face was just a landform that under the certain circumstances looked like a face. the people at nasa also said that the camera had zoomed in so that if there was a shack or an airplane or a person on the ground that they would be able to see it. nasa even used a different camera that has better zoom than the one used in . the camera used in  was  meters per pixel. the one used in  was . meters per pixel. if they didnt find any proof of alien life with the  image then how can you argue their is any aliens? in conclusion the face on mars is a natural figure. nasa verified that the face was just an optical issusion. the camera on viking was not very good compared to the camera of later explore mars global. the camera on mars global was able to take a picture  times better than the one on viking. the face and eyes and mouth were created by shadows. this is how the face on mars is not an alien monument.