good morning alabama studio hello and welcome to good morning alabama im russel terrier says russel. and im brittany spaniel and were here with sea cowboy luke bomberger say hi honey says brittany. how you do says luke as he tilts his hat. now luke i think were all wondering what its like being a seagoing cowboy says russel. yes do tell doll says brittany. well i mean it can be hard at some points taking care of all them animals and scooping bunearu all day but i love it says luke. well sounds interesting well i mean not the poo part, but you know the rest says brittany. yeah, did you get to see any interesting things while you were at sea says russel. well yeah i mean the job did have some good sides to it says luke. like what says brittany. well i got to ride a gondola in venice, see a excavated castle in crete, and i got to see the panama canal says luke. well that sounds great! says russel. it really was amazing to see everything and be able to have fun on board the ship even though some of us got sea sick says luke. oh wow what type of games says brittany as she flips her hair. oh brittany dont go budding into everything he does says russel. its ok, we just played some simple games like tabletennis, fencing, and boxing just to past the time says luke. sounds like fun says brittany. it really was a great experience says luke. would you reccomend it to anyone says russel. yeah, i would it was great to see the amazing things, take care of animals, and still have fun on the way says luke. well if you keep talking like that i might have to join says brittany. haha brittany you wouldnt make it one day with out crying over a chipped nail says russel. oh that was one time russel says brittany. luke gives them a weird look as they had their little fit. they peered over at him and sat back down. oh my good heavans im sorry we didnt mean to fight says brittany. oh its fine we used to fight like that over the one good hammock to sleep on the rest had some holes says luke. well how did you settle that says russel. we just held a tournament of some sort to decide says luke. well that seems like fun says brittany. it reall was and we had such a great time out on the sea and getting to help the people says luke. im sure it was says russel. and i really hope yall will join me on our next sea expedition says luke. well it looks like that is all the time for today says russel. im brittany spaniel says brittany and im russel terrier says russel and this is good morning alabama wishing you a happy monday they say together.