in our generations we have many ways of transportation. some of the transportation that we are using is effecting our ecosystem and causing us to have a very high percentage of greenhouse affect. some countries are helping to stop from the percentage from going up. in germany they have an upscale community and they dont use vehicles as much. their streets are generally forbidden street parks, driveways, and home garages in the new district of freiburg. passengers are responsible for  of greenhouse effect in europe, and up to  in some carintensive areas in the united states. all of that is due to vehicles. in germany there is only two places to park, large garages and where a carowner buys a space. paris is helping also with banning driving ecause of smog. they fine evennumbered license plates that didnt leave their cars at home on mondays, they were charged euros. the same with oddnumbered license on the next day. almost , drivers were fined and twentyseven people had their cars impounded due to their reactions to the fines. it really helped because the congestion in the air went down . cold nights and warm days cause the warm layers of air that is trapped in cars emissions. diesels make up  of vehicles in france, compared to a .average for diesel engines in the rest of western europe. they had more smog than the other european capitols. in bogota, colombia they set up a program to have a carfre day. that led to leaving strees of the capitol city eerile devoided of trffic jams. they had three straight years of banning cars ad only being able to use bused and taxis, they were permitted for the day without cars in the capitol city for their seven million population. in that day they had millions of people hike the colombian mountains, bike, skates, or the people took bused to work. for the first time, two other colombian cities, cali and valledupar, joined the event. their day without cars campaign because in bogota in the mds. in conclusion, cars and anyother type of vehicles are bad for our enviornment. they are causing us to have greenhouse effect. its polluting our air, and ruining our earth. soon our president inh the united states in going to end th culture of cars. why dont we all practice not having cars for a day like paris and bogota, it will be better for our enviornment. because the congestion in our atmosphere is bad and almost at  of greenhouse.