we would have prefer converting the electoral college into a election by popular vote for the president of united states of america. there are sevral reasons why. we the voters dont really vote for the president we vote for a slate electors. if this electoral college system is still in use if you vote a president and your state consisted of  democratic electors then congress and the president will get  electoral votes. ...those electors could always defy the will of the peopl. source . this is absolutly wrong we the voters should defy our own use of will to which of any president we desire. by changing the electoral college into a election by popular vote we can as well desire which president to proceed on voting, with any of the electors defying our will. ...representative from wyoming, representing , voters, would have as mush say as the  representatives from california, who represent  million voters.source . this system of electrol college gives no one vote there potential power of use. even putting that many votes to just single only party for president and congress, houses selesction will barely and im sure wouldnt even be expected to give any will to any one people. we the voters dont have as much power, when gore had more popular votes than bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that was the first time since .source . yet there are still more votes then the electoral votes the one that had more electoral votes and won, ffrom this there is not as much use of power on our votes, that is if the electoral wish to use to his own use, so why keep on having the electoral college. most states have a winner takes all system...source , this will reward any electoral, if they chose to the president that won of course. in the tossup states voters tend to look closely in the campaign, these are the most thoughtful voters, it should actually be every voter but no its not, not even the ones who will be deciding the election. this is why i do not proceed on still having a electoral college and changing it into a election by popular vote.