the author suggested studying venus is worthy pursuit depite the danger it presents by pointing out the characterstics of the planet. one of the things he mentioned was that it is simple to see from distance of the earth. venus is also known as earths twin, which shows that it is not a dangerous place for people to live in. during the roatation of the planet we are are closer to mars and sometimes we are closer to venus. the author used his knowledge to evaluate how good venus is based on its characterstics. one of the things he mentioned was that, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in the solar system. even though mercury is closer to the sun, venus is the hottest plantet. this hot temerature lead to having volcanoes, earthquakes and many other things related to the hot weather. the second thing that he talked about was that, scientists proved that venus and earth used have a lot in common. one of the things was that, venus was covered by oceans like earth and had a chance of having living things. venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary. this qoute supports the idea how earth and venus have a lot in common and alike. which means that venus is not a dangerous place for human to live in. nasa has one particularly compelling idea of sending humans to study venus. scientists think that venus would be a good place to float around and to visit, which means that venus is not a dangerous place for human beings except some weather problems. another thing they mentioned was that solar power might be plentiful and the planet is survivable for human beings. overall the author used informations from scientists and from the nasa to support his claim. he discussed about the weather of the planet and other characterstics. he also included how venus and earth are simillar and what things they have in common. one thing he mentioned was that venus was covered with oceans just like earth and it is rocky and has mountain and valleys. all those common characters shows that human beings are able to live in this planet.