the facial action coding system is a computer that reveals the facial expression or feeling of someone. it is useless in a classroom or student composition. as translated through the ideas of nick dalto who believes that using this computer in classroom or school based activities is a great idea. the computer is showing off how computers can crack the surface of amazing, but it is merely depriving and shameless. the analytical images percieved by the computer bring no emotional or true connection between a student and another student. through the entirety of making mona lisa smile, not once does the author mention anything about how the student would respond to these calculations emotionally in a classroom. dalto elaborated by saying shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry, this just explains the ideas of the entire reading. the importance of this is outstanding, if the computer is only looking at number and muscle movements, then how would a student possibly react to looking at people as merely numbers and respondents of action, and not true emotions. the idea of looking at students and just thinking of there emotions, the thing that makes them human as just numbers is just degrading. the unbareable thought of someone looking at your smile and dissecting it was not covered in the reading, it was seen as numbers for a science class like some small expirement. as said by the author when he asked can we actually calculate emotionslike math homework, obvioulsy pointing to the fact that yes was the answer. moreover the fact that exploiting a persons emotions is socially and even scientifically wrong, this demonstrates how the technology is being forced onto people as a tool and not just another cool computer program. the computer that can sense emotions or just facial expressions is depriving and shameless for a tool that should be used in more appropriate occurances such as a workplace or new photo taking booth at a mall not a classroom. this could emotionally affect a student and derail their idea of emotion. although the facial action coding system is a feat in math and science terms, it is just another step towards the loss of humanity, especially in classrooms.