driverless cars had always been only a fantasy. however, recent developments in transportation make this fantasy a possibility. still, people question whether the development of said drierless cars would be beneficial or detrimental to society. in the article, driverless cars are coming, the authors report on the growing developments on driverless cars shows a more positive than negative trend for the future of automobiles. examples from the the article attest to this observation. the creation of a driverless car represents a stepping stone for the evolution of transportation to motorists, futurists, and manufacturers alike. in the third and fourth paragraphs, the author gives readers the history on the development of autonomous cars from customized tracks to googles modified toyota prius. this brief history of the innovation of the automobile shows readers the already impressive progress that researchers had accomplished so far. by comparing present driverless cars such as googles modified toyota prius to the very first autonomous prototype tracks such as general motors special test track, the author enables readers to appreciate how far humanity has gone and how close humanity was to being able to construct autonomous cars. later in the article, the author informs the reader of bmws traffic jam assistant. although the traffic jam assistant can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. the bmw traffic jam assistant shows the extent to which automobiles can drive autonomously. although the car still requires the full attention of a driver, the bmw traffic jam assistant serves as proof of researchers accomplishments over the development of driverless cars. as seen in the various accomplishments that might be able to make driverless cars a reality, the construction of a truly autonomous car would be remembered as a landmark of human achievement, a final stage in the evolution of the autonomous car. although autonomous cars appeal to the public eye, the introduction of driverless cars bring about some concerns from the law. as most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, it will be imperative that the possible construction of these autonomous vehicles be flawless. people to this day still doubt the reliability of the driverless car as seen how it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars in some states. however, the current automobile technology was centered around the safety of the passenters as seen when the author quotes, in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature. when explaining the purpose of the google car, the author states, the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. the fairly autonomous google car was developed for the sake of making roads of the future safe. based of the trend in the developments of the autonomous car, the cars of the future will not only be more technologically advanced, but the cars will bring about a safer environment for both drivers and pedestrians. the reliability of the autonomous car should not be of concern to skeptics as the cars will continue to evolve to suit the needs of the driver as safety is a big concern to developers. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. in the article, driverless cars are coming, the authors reports on the hopeful introduction of the driverless car presents a positive trend in the future of travel as the fiinal development of the first autonomous vehicle would be both a memorable and benefical achievement. autonomous cares have been made for the sole purpose of tending to the operators safety and as research progresses, the safety of drivers across the continent shall improve as well.