have you ever wonder if a planet from outer space is safe? today we will be talking about venus. studying venus isvery great experience for a human to do, you get to learn about other planet. in paragraph  the author said  venus is the closest to earth in term density and size,but is the planet venus safe for us to travel? numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study. venus is a very hard planet to find out. for humans to study if its safe or not. in venus a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. its not safe for a human to go there cause of the acid clouds which is unsafe atmosphere for humans to breath in. venus is a lot hotter than earth it it is over  its going to be hard for humans to breath. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. if the temperature is  degrees fahrenheit its very hot in venus and its very dangerous for a human to travel there. it maybe the closest to earth but the atmosphere in venus is very dangerous for a human body. it is easy for a human to study venus. its hard to get information if you dont get a chance to visit venus you dont learn abouy it. they stated  nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus they think that venus couldve supported various forms of life. they are trying to state that venus couldve have human life and animals and plants on venus planet but they are still not sure if its safe or not. in paragraph  they stated venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. they said venus was probably covered in ocean just like earth. which mean venus is almost same as earth. some people couldve live in venus but they wasnt sure if its safe or not. to sum all this up i think that the more human study venus the more dangerous information they will get. no matter how much they study venus it is not safe and you will only get more dangerous. human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. in paragraph  they said scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. scientists are willing to have a personal despite risks just to learn about venus. venus is a dangerous planet but almost as same as a earth that we live in venus clouds are acid.