the use of technology being able to read the emotional expressions of students is a little bit personal and invading someones privacy and their space just to see what they are actually feeling is pointless. i dont think that it is just to find out what someone is feeling if they dont want to tell you how they feel or dont want to be bothered then they should have that respect of not having to explain to everyone whats wrong. it would also divided people even more than they already are esspecially in schools, kids wouldnt hang out with each other if they had that type of technology to find out what someone else is feeling. one reason for saying that emotional express reading is that it not the school job to tell a student, tell other students, or anybdy else what someone is feeling, besides possibly his or her parents being informed. my choice for saying that reason is that teachers, students, and people that arent really associated with the person the are trying to read shouldnt have the elligability to read someone elses emotions. if they wanted to get to know the person they should do it naturally instead of seeing how they feel and then not wanting to be friends with them because maybe they are angry or depressed or what ever emotions that normlly others them from wanting to be frineds with someone or at least talking and having normal conversations. my second reason for being opposed to the idea of using technology to find out what someone is feeling at the moment is that its an invasion of privacy which is one of natural rights and not abiding by that natural right is essentually breaking the law. if someone doesnt want anyone to read their emotions then it should be left at that, but there are people that will push that boundry and do it anyway which isnt right. my third and final reason for not agreeing with using technology to read emotions is that it divides people even more than they already are. if everyone was able to read someones emotions then everybody would know everone else with out knowing them, and what i mean by this is that they wont take the time to talk to them and get to know them but they will judge them on what technology says and will more than likely not like one of the emotions being read and possibly stay awaay or make fun of them because of it. technology like that would keep apart and not really wanting to get up and visit people as much as it does now with smartphones and computers that have social media where people no longer have to go outside to visit their friends next door, they can just call them and not actually enjoy the outside and activities that come with it but will stay inside the house doing nothing but texting and calling. to conclude my claim against the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions is a little bit personal and invading someones privacy and their space just to see what they are actually feeling is pointless. i dont think that it is just to find out what someone is feeling if they dont want to tell you how they feel or dont want to be bothered then they should have that respect of not having to explain to everyone whats wrong. it would also divided people even more than they already are esspecially in schools, kids wouldnt hang out with each other if they had that type of technology to find out what someone else is feeling.