my name is luke and i have just graduated from high school. i had two parttime jobs. i worked at a bank and a grocerey store. it was , world war ii had just ended in europe. i just had my friend, don reist, ask if i wanted to go to europe on a cattle boat and we would be known as that seagoing cowboys. he told me that  nations joined together to form the unrra. they hired seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. i couldnt say no, because i knew this was an opportunity of a lifetime. don and i went over to europe and many other countries and noticed they were left in ruins. both of us signed up. don and i did what we could to help out over in europe and the many other countries in poverty after the war. here are some reasons that i think you should join. you get to help lots of animals, mostly cattle. don and i got our seamans papers and boarded the ss charles w. wooster. we ended up with a cargo of  horses plus we had enough hay and oats to feed them. caring for the animals kept me busy. they had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. bales of hay and bags of oats were pulled up from lower ships. also all of the stalls had to cleaned. on my second trip i served as watchman. my job was to check on the animals every hour. sightseeing was a huge plus for me. we went to europe and china. my favorite place we visited was seeing the acropolis in greece. we rode a gondola in venice, italy. did you know they have a excavated castle in crete? the last thing we saw was the panama canal in china. it wasnt all serious work, we also got to have fun. don and i played games to pass time. we played baseball, volleyball, table tennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and many others. im grateful for the opportunity and that i took it. it made me more aware of people of other countries and thier need, instead of focusing on my needs or other people focusing on their needs. this is why i think that you should take an oppurtunity like this if you have a chance.