some people may view car limitations as bad or inconvinient, but that isnt true. there are plenty or ways to get to where you want to go other than driving. more people have been cutting down on their car usage and it helps with many things. there are lots of advantages to communities and cities when car usage is limited. pollution is a major problem in big cities like bejing, china known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. cutting down car usage in big cities like this can help get rid of the horrendous smog. paris, which often has more smog than other european capitals, has made some significant changes to help reduce the smog and harmful greenhouse gasses that are trapped in the air from car emissions. they let cars with even numbered license plates drive on some days and cars with odd numbered license plates drive on others. this reduced the smog in paris within a few days. most people depend quite a bit on their cars. reducing car usage can help people not to be so dependent on their cars. instead of driving to work people can ride the bus, take the subway, etc. this will help a lot with the congestion of the roads during rush hours. there will be a lot less traffic if people are carpooling or taking some other mode of transportation, keeping roadways clearer for emergency vehicles and public transportation. there also wont be the problem of people being late if they get stuck in traffic or their car breaks down. the number of miles people in america drive has gone down significantly since . this means that people are finding better, more efficient ways of getting to where they need to be. this will help everyone in the long run. there will be less money spent on cars, car repairs, and gasoline saving everyone a lot of money. cars can be very expensive to maintain, especially when no one knows if their car battery is going to die or if they will get a flat tire. having another source of transportation would save people lots of time and money. if there is less need for cars, then more public transportation will be offered, even in places less populated like the suburbs. limiting car usage is helpful for everyone and eventually it will become even more efficient and convinient not to drive a car everywhere. pollution will go down and money will be saved. there are already entire communities like the one in vauban, germany that dont rely on cars. if there were more communities like this around the world, they would help lead the way to a new age where cars arent as important and people wont have to depend on them as much as they do now.