what would living in a world without cars be like? it doesnt sound very pleasant. getting from point a to point b would be a definite hassle, right? well, not exactly. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the united states was back in january . he number of miles driven here in the u.s. peaked in  and has steadily dopped. car usage is not onle dropping here, but around the world as well. paris banned cars due to smog that was polluting the city. but, is using cars less all that bad? nope! heres why. to begin with, it can help reduce pollution around the world. source  states after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partialdriving ban to clear the air of the global city. thats how bad the pollution was in the city of love. almost , drivers were fined  euros because of using their car. congestion traffic was down  percent in the capital of france, after  days of intensifying smog. the smog rivaled beijing, china which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. sounds like a really bad title for a city that attracts many tourists every year. the ban allowed for the smog to clear. next, limiting car usage can benefit the current efforts to reduce greenhouse gases. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states, source  states. if car usage is limited, it can help reduce the greenhouse gases being emitted into the atmosphere by a significant amount. president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitious assist from te incipien shift in american behavior, source  states  recent studies show that americans are buying fewer cars and driving less. good going, america! of course, many people might say why would not having a car be beneficial to me? it certainly can be! its a good oppurtuinity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza in source . the stress of having to be careful with your car or face the consequences from the insurance policies or lawsuits can finally be lifted of your shoulders. you will be rid of the struggles of the rush hour, as well as the need to be having to pay for gas which is not exactly cheap. different things are converging which suggests that we are witnessing a longterm cultural drift, said mimi sheller in source . this is a good thing to be a part of. soon enough, well be seeing people walking and riding bikes from point a to point b, like they do in vauban, germany. i dont know about future complete bans of cars here in the u.s, but i believe they will be far less common. when someone such as bill ford, executive chairman of the ford motor company, is in on a business plan for a world where personal vehicle owneship is undesirable, you know you have to be in on it!