the use of technology in a classroom is very useful but what about the use of technology in order to detect the emotions in a classroom? in making mona lisa smile, you learn about a technology called facial action coding system. this system uses facial expressions in order to detect a human emotions. this can be very useful and beneficial in a classroom setting. students become bored or confused during a lesson and a teacher cant always tell whats going on behind the stares of students, so this system can be very valuable in the learning process. in the article, paragraph six, dr. huang states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this supports the idea that teaching with a system like facial action coding in a classroom can be very accurate and beneficial to a student. a lesson can become personalized to the particular student unlike regular computer lessons that have no control or idea on how well the student is understanding a lesson. learning can become more interesting to a student if they realize that their attention habits are being paid attention to rather than just ignored. this concept could be more effective than even regular classroom teaching. a teacher cannot always pin point the students that are having a hard time paying attetion or even the ones that are just confused with a lesson. with this system, the students needs will always be accomedated to. in conclusion, the facial action coding system would be a very valuable technology in a classroom. students lessons can be modified according to the mood they are in. if they are zoning out, the coding system will be able to recognize this and switch the lesson to a more engaging activity so the student doesnt lose interest in learning. if a student is even feeling sad , maybe the system can notify an instructor and they can arrange a break for the student because the mental health of a student is always important too. emotions of a child in a classroom affects their attention and productivity emensly, this system can be used to their benefit.