in the article the challenge of exploring venus. the author talks about some of the ideas why venus is worthy to explore and reason why not to explore it. today i am here to tell you both sides of the story and how they are both effective. in the authors article the reasons why people should go ahead and explore venus is found in paragraph  venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionaly the closest in distance too.in paragraph  he says that astronomers are facinated by venus becasue it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. he then went on to say that venus was probably largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like eath. venus may be close to eath it has surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. those are some of the main reasons in the article why the author thinks that venus is worthy of exploration. even though venus is conviently close to earth and has some features that earth has there is also some down fall to venus that is very dangerus. like in the second paragraph where the author says that there has been no spacecraft that has survived more than a few hours maybe venus doesnt seem as perfect as i was making it to be at first. the author also said in the third paragraph that a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. one of the most challenging parts about venus are the clouds that are highly corrosive invenuss stmosphere or it is the temperatures that average over  degrees. the author also says in the third paragraph that venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcannoes, powerful earthquaked, amd frequent lightining strikes seeking to land on its surface. those are the dangers of venus and probably why we shoulsnt go down there and explore. even though there are some ups and downs of exploring venus i bet that just people being curious and wondering what is over there will lead us to exploring it. in paragraph  the author says that our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts which i agree on if we are really curios what is going on in venus we shoudl go ahead and explore what is going on over there and see if it is nice being there or not. hopefully this helped you out on some of the advantages and disadvantages on exploring venus and its dangers that it has in it.