venus, the second planet from the sun, can be seen shining bright in the sky. however, not much is known about the neighboring planet. the authors uses information about venus and possiblities for the future to help support the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. venus is referred to as the earths twin. though venus could not be any more different than earth, it poses a possibility that it may have been similar in the past. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth paragraph . astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system paragraph . to explore venus and find connections of venus to earth could lead to future breakthrough of a habital planet. to show the exploration of venus might not just be empty hope, he proposes ideas atronomers may have to analyze the planet. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray...not easy conditions, but survivable for humans paragraph . however, this may restrict close observations, especially since limited light can penetrate the planets atmosphere. to solve this problem, the author proposes another solution. to overcome the delicacy of modern computers, astronomers are thinking of going back in time and using mechanical ones. by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces paragrah . in the passage, the author presents both solutions to complications with the mission and possible breakthroughs that the mission might bare. either by staying out of range of venuss atmosphere or using mechanical computers, the hardships of surviving on the harsh planet could be overcome. the rover or blimp may bring back valuable information that may indicate a earthlike haven from back in time. with endless hope and possibilities, the author has shown the worth of a mission to venus.