the author supports his idea of exploring venus even though there are many challenges to complete the task. some challenges that come with exploring venus is that it has harsh conditions for human and and robots, but the nasa has been working on other approaches. scientist would like study its surface because at some point in history venus was somewhat like earth. the author has answers for all the challenges that scientist have with exploring venus. venus is the second planet from our sun which makes the planet the planet very hot reaching  degrees fahrenheit. venus also has a very thick atmosphere of almost  of carbon dioxide blankets, and as the author states the atmospheric pressure is  time greater than what we experience on our planet that pressure would easily destroy any metal. another fact about venus is that it has the hottest surface of all the planets in our solar symtem even though mercury is the closest planet to the sun. so far scientist have been working on alternatives to explore venus. humans have sent many spacecraft to land on venus, but none of them have survived this shows why non of the missions have been named. but in recent times the nasa has been working on using electronics made out of silicon carbide because they had been tested in a chamber simulating the conditions of venus. another approach that nasa is looking foward to is sending mechanical computers this devices use gears and levers to make calculation and do no need electronics at all. mechanical computers can be made more resistant to heat, pressure, and many other force unlike its counter part, modern computers, they can very flexible, powerfull, and quick, but they are more delicate being in extreme conditions. human survival can be possible in venus with a space ship hovering  miles above the ground of the planet, the pressure would be very close to the one on earth the temperature would be around  fahrenheit also they would be plenty of solar power, and the radiation would no be more that what it is on our planet. in these conditions human life can be accomplish. millions of years ago venus was like earth, how do we know? because venus has features of earth such as rocky sediment, craters and mountains. the conditions in venus make it hard to survive in the planet because its temperature can reach  f and the pressure is  times grater than what it is on earth, life on the ground cant be possible on the rocky ground of venus. even though the conditions has very dangerous conditions exploration can be possible with mechanical computers. life can also be possible if we find a way to hover  miles away from the ground because the temperature can be  f and the pressure would be like earth. life  miles above the ground of venus can be possible.