the limiting of persoanlcar usage has done wonders for the areas that this policy has be implmented. strictly enviermentaly swpeaking in the cites that have limited their residents persoal car usage the smog rates went drasicly down. thoughschanges happened in a matter of days. imagin the changes that could accoure if limited car usage was implmented on a wider scale for the long term. not only envirermentaly benifical but limited car usage also has large and far reaching econmic and social upsides. the lack of money being waisted on persoanl automobeal transportation leads to a surplus of savings for everyday familes to spend or more nessary items. socialy limited car usage has be proven to be benifal as a whole also. people living in areas that have already been placed under this polices report signifigent reducions in stress and worrying, leading to much weight off their sholders and a genaeral better aqttude over all. the first and most obveous advantage of the limed car usage policiy is the masive positive impact the police has the earth. as stated in source one and i quote passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states.. now imagin if thoes percentages just went away. in the city of vauban germany, an expermental city already under the policy, it did. another example if paris. a city that literly had to force the policy of limited car usage apon it people in a desperate attempt to reverse what the evils of personal car usgae was doing to the atmosphere of the city. the personal cars created smog so think the city hit record polution levels that even rivaled beijing its self, one of the worlds most poluted citys. as stated in source two, the city put a ban on cars with any license plates that were even numbered on the first day from driving and a ban on odd numbered the second day. the positives of the limited car usage plicy was so instantanous that the second day of no driving for odd numbered cars ws deamed not nessary. the massive envirmental advantages of the limited car usage policiy can neiter be denyed or ignored. the economic advantages of this policy can also not be ignored. to fully grasp the economic upswing that will accure under this policy we must turn our attention the the great city of bogota, colombia. in this former spanish colony turned capital city a program has been set up called the carfree day. on this day no cars are driven and a festable is set up to promote alternate transportaion and reduce smog. this year two other colombian citys, cali and valledupar joned the event citing the obouse advantages of the policy. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution says buisinessman carlos arturo plaza source  quotes. the policy as done economic wonders not only for the people but for the city its self. since the day begin in the mid s over  miles of bike path have been created, parksand sports centers have bloomed throughout the city, uneven sidke walks have been leveled out, and new resturants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up as reported by source . the limited car usage policy cound be the merical policy for citys in need of an economic boost. finaly the social advantages of the policy have also been noted. the evils of the modern day car culture must be destroyed. as said by carlos plaza preveously its a good opportunity to take away stress. when i had a car i was always tense. im mush happier this way said heidrun walter resident of vauban. two people on two totaly differnt sides of the world both experenced the social advantages of this policy. even young people are seeing the advantages according to a study last year that found that driving by young people devreased  percent between  and  according to source . as one can now clearly see the advantages of limted personal car usage are impossibkle to deny and even harder to ignore. economicly,socialy, and enviromentaly this policy as done wonders where ever it has been implimented. it has both immeadit and long term positive effects with no odveous negitive effects. altrnates to personal cars could be things like bill fords bisiness plan for a world in which personal vehical ownership is replaced witha partnering with the telecommunications industy to create citys in which pedestrians, bicycle, private cars, and public and commerical traffic are woven into a connected netword. the acceptence of limited car usage and the extenciton of modern day car culture is the next step for the advacment of humanity.