are you for or against the driverless cars? the driverless cars could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you look at it. there is different points of views you could see this from driving or assisting, waiting on the law and seesing the world. first, one good thing about driverless cars that was mintioned in the article is sebastian thrun, founder of the google car project, believes that the technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream. the th centry has finally improving on the technology that before  there was no way that someone could make something that interesting. the reason that they couldnt make something as interesting as the driverless car is because they didnt have the right technology to be able to do so. second, one reaosn that driverless cars might not be good thing is because the car can only function up to  miles per hour. it says that  their cars have drivin more than half a milion miles without a crash, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accedents. if there was a crash than the car wouldnt know what to do you would have to drive the car. thats why since  that the google cars havent been fully driverless yet. what if you get in a car accedint whos fault is it the manufacturers or the person behing the wheel? that would be something they would have to work out and have to investigate in to. next, driverless cars can be dangerous but also a great tool for the improving of the technology that we have today.  traffic jam assistant.  the car can handle up to  miles per hour, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. non of the cars developed today are completely driverless they still have to hold on to the wheel but they can steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but the driver has to be aware when ther is an upcoming crash or traffic jam to be able to take care of the situation. this could be a good or bad thing depending on how the driver can take control of the car or not in bad situations that the driverless car can not control. finally, are you for or against the driverless cars in the future? we have the technology to be able to make it happen, the driverless cars can get you in a car accedent and cause you to have to fight with the manufactuer of the car and they can aslo be dangerous to situations like car crashes and traffic situation on the road. driverless cars are in the future.