do you know what pollution is? have you ever taken a trip by car? well, cars emit a significant and substantial amount of pollution into the atmosphere. such pollution will result in a damaged atmosphere. therefore, it is important to decrease car usage, because there are several advantages that will arise from limiting car usage. to begin with, limiting car usage will decrease the amount of pollution in the atomsphere which will result in cleaner air and healthier cities. in paris bans driving due to smog, robert duffer writes, after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. overusing cars in the metropolis had caused the air to become extremely and dangerously polluted. the pollution had resulted in smog, a mixture of fog and pollution from cars that is very harmful. the partial driving ban that was enacted in paris had positive effects in the city, because after one week of the partial driving ban, the smog had cleared and the ban was rescinded for certain cars. while the ban in paris was a way to handle the destructive pollution from cars in the city, there are only a handful of regulations that are in place towards making cities less polluted. for example, in india the air is polluted to the point where one can see the pollution that resulted from smoke from cars. in the carintensive areas of the united states, passenger cars are responsible from up to  percent of greenhouse gas emissions. it is imperative that more regulations are enacted in the most dangerous and polluted cities. cleaner air can only be achieved by limiting car usage around the world, especially in the most carintensive and polluted parts of the world. the reconstruction of the ozone layer will result from limiting car usage around the world. burning fossil fuels and cars emitting greenhouse gases have damaged the atmosphere in a colossal way. greenhouse gases have been exponentially breaking down our atmosphere. as cars are continuously overused in many parts of the world, the danger of radiation increases as well. the connection between the destruction of the atmosphere and increases of greenhouse gases of the atmosphere will continue to be increasing until several actions are taken to prevent such disasters. in in german suburb, life goes on without cars, some cities and towns have also gone as far as having suburbs where there are barely any cars in the streets. in such cities, the air is cleaner, people are healthier and there is air pollution as well as noise pollution. unless we make more efforts to limit car usage around the world, the planet will be plagued by a poor atmosphere, irradiated locations and unhealthy people. finally, while cars are being overused around the world, there are a handful of efforts being done to protect our planet from pollution. people must be informed of the consequences of too much car usage. even though there are just a handful of regulations decreasing air pollution, people must continue to limit car usage in order to receive positive effects.