in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. the author explains how driverless cars have been introduced. the author also explains what possible difficulties or roadblocks the autonomous or driverless technology in driverless cars will encounter. after thoroughly reading the article, i have formulated my stance on driverless autonomous cars. i believe that driverless cars are the future of technology, will be more effecient, and will ultimately lead to less accidents when fully implemented. the article driverless cars are coming states the following in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. after which, the article states the following within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids and rollovers. the aforementioned quotes from the article show that technology in cars are steadily improving. these pieces of technology are growing more advanced every year. as a society, we face three options. of which, we may only choose one. the options are as follows one, we may proceed in development of technology and progress as a whole two, we may grow stagnant in progression and remain as is three, we may choose to go backward in progression. i am in favor of progressing in technology and also in autonomous cars. autonomous cars will be incredibly more effecient than our current vehicles. in the article, the author states that the cars sergey brin foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. not only will autonomous cars be more effecient than any system we are currently using, but they will also be more flexible than our current public transportation system. the increased effeciency of fuel would lead to less pollution due to less fuel being consumed by each car. this is undoubtedly a large, positive aspect to autonomous cars. overall, the combination of increased effeciency and increased flexibility leaves the outlook on developing autonomous cars very promising. implementing a full system of driverless cars will ultimately lead to less accidents. the majority of car accidents are known to be caused by human error. when implementing a system of driverless cars, there will be a fewer number of errors than occur in a system of human drivers. even if an autonomous car were to have a bug in the programming, it is easily fixed. once the bug is fixed, it no longer is an issue. however, with humans, there is the need to train every driver. even then, human drivers still have room for error. a system of autonomous cars would largly decrease the number of accidents and would not require individual programming. due to this, we could also automate several driving jobs, filling in any possible job vacancies. i believe that driverless cars are the future of technology. the only path to take is forward. i also believe they will be more effecient. it is said that they will require only half the fuel consumed as of now. finally, i believe it will ultimately lead to less accidents when fully implemented. autonomous cars are far more predictable and offer less opportunity for errors. it would be a wise decision to explore the future of driverless cars and use this futuristic technology to our advantage.