driverless cars should not be coming! driverless cars are dangerous they could malfunction and kill a lot of people. for example one of the google cars that just came out, crashed into a truck going five miles per hour. how can you go that slow and hit something, imagine if the car was going  mph! dont get me wrong this invention would be cool but it would be dangerous to all of us. okay so you want a driverless car right, but you have to be able to be ready and drive it when the car needs help.. are you kidding me if you wanted a driverless car, you want a driverless car. you dont want to be ready for when road construction is about to happen and have to drive, you want to have the car drive the whole time. i know this is kind of lazy to say, but people want what they payed for! they dont want a car that only drives half the time. if you want to sell a driverless car, it has to be all the way, a driverless car. car makers should make cars the same way as they are making them now. they way they have it now is great, unless something happens and cars can fly or something. the way that cars can stop by themselves is amazing. but having the car to do everything is to dangerous. all the laws would change because of this, and they would have to make new ones. there would probably be no cops. so, so many jobs are going to be lost. then what are the families going to do? the cost of these things would be outrageuos! some of the cars now are really expensive, imagine how they will be when these things come out. these cars would not even do anything because only the wealthy can buy them. so what is the point when only a few people can buy them. unless they make it insanly cheap, which i do not see happening. so the car companies wouldnt even make profit because no one has money for these cars. in conclusion this is and all, and all a bad decision. this would not help us, it will not save time, and it will not save us money. the list goes on, and on. this will be one of the worst inventions, there will be more car deaths. then whose fault will it be? consumers will start to sue the companies because they got in a wreck and everything is their fault, but they were not even driving. this idea of cars is just a bad idea, jobs can be lost, people will die, and nobody will be making money or saving money. so you know my decision, what is youres?