from the time that school had been implemented as a necessary component of modern society, the emotions and behaviours of students have correlated to the interest they have in the lessons they were learning. the behaviours are sometimes not analyzed, causing the teacher of the class to either bore his students to sleep or giving his students so much freedom that they dont have the patience to carry out the work required of them. teacher and class evaluations have been formed to try and fix this issue, but they are not reliable. but a multiple choise questionare isnt the way to determine the characteristics of a human being. a device that could analyze the behaviours of a student would better represent that person.using technology in order to read the emoitonal expressions of a student in a classroom would be valuable because the students emotions show how they respond to a given lesson. implementing technology that would allow a teacher to know how his sudents were responding to a lesson being given would improve the quality of the lesson being given in order to fit the needs of tthe student, as well as helping the teacher better improve his lesson plan to balance out the amount of mentally taxing work and relaxing activities that corrospond to the lesson. it is a well known fact that many students do not enjoy a class because they do not like the way the teacher goes about informing his students. this problem often leads to students being disengaged in a lesson and not learning what was taught. the teacher, however, is not aware that the student is not engaged and continues teaching the same unappetizing lesson. with an algorithm that would be able to analyze the way a students is reponding to a lesson, however, the teacher would be able to alter the lesson to engage his students. most students do not tell their teacher that they are not interested in what is being taught, but as dalto explains, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication dalto . analyzing the nonverbal actions of the student help give an accurate representation of what the way a student responds to the information being taught. teachers have tried doing evaluations to learn the way the students feel, but these are unreliable and often take up unnecessary time. with technology that allows the teacher to know how the students feel automatically, it would save time for both the teacher and the student, as well as let the teacher respond to any issues much more quickly than with an evaluation. in conclusion, implementing technology that would allow the teacher to know exactly how the student responds to a lesson being given would be valuable. this process could potentially allow the teacher to alter a lesson in a way that it becomes more engaging, and it would also eliminate the need for inaccurate teacher evaluations that waste time. the changes that come with technology will be beneficial to classrooms everywhere, and could potentially fix the long lasting problem of students becoming unintersted in a lesson or a class.