the challenge of exploring venus the author supports the idea that studing venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because venus has the hottest surface temperature, espacially since its closer to the sun . they even had issues not having a single spaceship touch on venus in three decades. so they didnt really had a lot of informaion, for example in the essay it says,each previos mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this lets me know that if a spacecraft didnt survive imagine a human, what would happen to a human ? but we will see how things got better over time! we start of with something really interesting about venus that it has a surface of rocky sediment and it also includes familiar features such as velleys, mountains, and craters ! i think that this fact is really cool knowing that another planet has mountains and rocks like the earth. but the author thinks that it does not have easy conditions, but survivable for humans. when time passes by we could add more things and enough to survive. although the technology has upgraded a lot so the nasas think that they might have the possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus. imagine them creating a vehicle hovering  miles or more in the landscpae. but not only that but the solar power would be plentiful, it wont be easy but they say its going to be survival enough for humans! know we have even better technology then three decades ago, they created a simplified electronics made of silicon, which has been in venus surface about three weeks in such good conditions. unbelievable its been there almost about a week back then it would only last about few hours! not only that but they also have another project just incase, you cant never go wrong with plan b. theyre plan b is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. since now days the devices are more delicated when it comes to extreme physical conditions. it would be so harsh the devices now days wont even make far enough as the mechanical computers. like the author thinks , earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expended to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. its never bad to try new stuff out, it might be hard at first but theres always a good ending to it!