is the use of the new technology by the name of the, facial action coding system, valuable in the classroom. this should can tell emotions of others by facial recognition. this device, created by prof. thomas huang and his colleague prof. nicu sebe, reads the emotions by identifying which facial muscles are used and flexed. even when someone is trying to pretend to look like another emotion, the technology can still tell how you are feelng. the process of this technology first begins when the computer creates a d model of a face. this model shows and distinguishes all  major facial muscles. when one or more muscles moves, this is called an action unit. then dr. paul eckman uses facial action coding system facs to depict which emotion is being presented of the main six. there are  major muscles in the facial part of the human body. each helping to describe emotion based on which is flexed and in action. these muscles show the six main emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. when a muscle called the frontalis pars lateralis flexes, this causes the eyebrow to raise. this motion shows the emotion of surprise. when the orbicularis flexes, it causes the lips to tighten which shows anger. with the help of the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving facial muscles does more than just express emotion. it actually produces emotion as well. using this device in a classroom would be extremely valuable. this device would detect emotion and send the results back to the teacher counselor. with this information, the teacher counselor could then help the student with their emotional problems if they have any. especially highschool students with all of the stress and pressure they endure throughout their years. giving the results back to students may even better their emotion knowing that when someone makes a face of happiness, they actually start to feel it too. this piece of technology should indeed be used in the classroom. it would benefit students in many ways. it would not only solve emotional problems with the students, but increase happiness putting everyone else in a better mood and decreasing stress levels. the facial action coding system is a vital and impressive work of technological art and should most definitely be used in the classroom.