limiting on car usage has its advantages. here are three reasons why i say limiting car usage has its advantages. limiting on car usage has its advantages because you spend less money, less traffic and less car accidents. dont you think that limiting on car has its advantages to? to begin, limiting on car usage has its advantages because you spend less money. when you spend twenty dollars a week or more on gas money for your car thats wasting money when you could just buy a bus pass for ten dollars and that will take u where u need to go for a week or more. right there you just save ten dollars. what would you rather do spend twenty dollar a week on gas to get where you need to go or spend ten dollars a week on a bus pass which would also get u to where you need to go? also you spend less money by limiting usage of cars by saving money on tickets. now a days police pull you over any little thing wrong with your car and your tickets are just going to keep pileing up then if you dont pay them or send them to court you licenses will be suspended. when you just could avoid all of that. middle, limiting on car usage has its advantages because less traffic. i know that in the passage, source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota it said,bogota, colombia in a program thats set to spread to other countires, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams but if more people are walking instead of taking cars there would be less traffic. end, limiting on car usage has its advantages because less car accidents. the more cars on the road the higher chance to get into a car accident. i know that you still could get in a car accident with a pedestrians but mostly car on car accidents happen. the less cars on the road the less accidents. conclusion, limiting on car usage has its advantages. my three reasons were you spend less money, less traffic and less car accidents. that was how i explain why limiting on car usage has is advantages.