imagine having a bad day, and no one knows whats wrong with you or why you are mad, you friends and family are trying to look at you and figure out whether your mad, frustrated or worse, but because youve been hiding your emotions all day they cant seem to realize why. the day is over and they finally realize that you are mad based on your facial expressions and how youve been acting lately, but had they been using the facial action coding system they wouldve known before hand. i believe that the facial action coding system is a brillant idea and should be used for everyday purposes. not only can it read and detect your emotions, but it can also give you an result of how your feeling for any occasinal day even if your hiding your emotions. using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. this detail shows how efficient this can be for many people and students as well. to be aware of the feelings that different people have everyday, the facial action coding system will have to do accurate calculations to determine whether a person is having a bad day or not. some of these calculations can determine and even find new information about a person as well. by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece. each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. this detail shows that even though the computing sysytem might know the persons feelings it still needs to perfrom calculations to prove these results. without the facial action coding system we as people could never excalty calculate and tell the exact mood or feeling a person could be having everyday. these computing systems are the best resources we have to identify the mixed emotions that a person could or may have. these computers could be great tools for teachers to use in the classroom. such as a student having a bad day, using these computers can help a teacher identify whether to help a student or not based on different expressions a student is having. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. last but not least i truly believe that facial action coding system is valuable in many ways, and can help solve, and face any problems that people could be having everyday, thanks to the facial action coding system.