i beleive that driverless cars are a positive influence on the environment and are a good idea. they can help and make driving easier and safer. when the text states ...half the fuel... and ...change the world. it shows some of the ways that the driverless cars could impact the environment. otherwise it would make traveling safer for people who couldnt drive themselves. driverless cars have been in the making for awhile and are progressively becoming more and more safe for the public to use, although few if any have even come out. several car companies have spoken about working on driverless cars such as gmc, bmw, etc when the text states bmw announced the development... and gm has developed... it shows some of the car companies that are working toward driverless cars with a purpose. driverless cars have not only been tested to be safe, but also have been expected to be fuel effecient too, according to google cofounder sergey brin. he beleives that they are showing their potential with how long they have been driven and how well their potential for fuel conservation has been. such as when the text stated the cars he foresees...todays taxis... and their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash.... this is showing their potential for success if they were to come out with the driverless cars large scale. now that technology is advancing much more than it has previously, there is much more opportunity for new and improved things andor vehicles such as the driverless cars. technology is always improving thanks to innovative individuals and that is very influential on the idea of driverless cars. when previous technology is compared in the text stating radar...cost two hundred million dollars. and ...at radio shack.. that compares the idea that technology is improving and helping make the idea come to life while providing the ability for people to make that happen. in conclusion, i beleive that driverless cars can and will be a beneficial influence and can have a positive impact on both people and the environment. this is because of the way that technology is improving and how there are people out there that really want this to happen and are willing to work in order to acheive their goals. these cars are going to change the world and make it a safer and better place.