last year in , the earth had the warmest temperature in recorded history. needless to say, this is due to greenhouse gases, like carbon dioxide. one of the major reasons behind an increase in greenhouse gases is due to the use of cars and motorcycles, which release high amounts of carbon dioxide. it is to our benefit that we prevent any form of unnatural climte change on earth, and the most effective way to execute this is by living a more carfree life, especially here in the united states as it is our second most contributing factor of our increasing greenhouse gases. america could follow the path that many other countries and cities took. in vauban, germany, cars have been banned unless one should decide to buy a permit in the form of a public garage. most citizens take other means of transportation than cars. they walk, use bicycles, or public transportation. this has resulted in vauban having a much cleaner environment and less stress as a result of no traffic. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, confesses heidrun walkter. building suburbs like vauban would result in a lower production of air pollution and a much more stress free environment. bogota has a similar policy as vauban, but only lasts one day of the year. however, that only serves the citizens to be more enthusiastic about the event. most people were glad to help out in anyway to reduce the smog. bogota has also inspired other cities to do the same. cali and valledupar also decided to encourage this ecofriendly day. a day might not be much out of three hundred and sixty four, but a small contribution from a large mass of people can make a huge change. implementing this same policy in more cities and countries would result in a notable change in the amount of air pollution around that time of year. paris resently executed a policy to ban cars with oddnumbered plates on tuesdays as a consequence from a heavy smog that was brewing for several days. paris had a smog of higher concentration than london, having  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter while london only had .. there were residents who were unhappy with the ban, but the benefits the city gained from it were outstanding. traffic was down by  percent and and as a recompensation for those who could not use their cars, public transportation was free from friday to monday. due to the dedication of the mayor and citizens, the smog cleared up enough for the ban to be lifted. making this a something a whole nation can participate in would definately improve the annual greenhouse gas emmssions. limiting car usage can have a posotive heavy impact on the world as a whole if more people were to follow the examples of these cities. the year of  was known as the hottest year in recorded history, and it undoubtedly has to do with how much greenhouse gasses we emmited. if we could follow the example of those cities, we could see a great change by the end of the year . this change could fix the climate problems were currently having, and create a healthier, happier world.