a life filled to the brim of better days is what we all want, and limiting car usage has some of these advantages. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter. the sound of children outside of the pollution free community is much more satisfying then getting somewhere with dangers involved. a life without cars is less stressful and more free to explore in safety. driving tends to make drivers uneasy for fear or crash or being late to work from traffic. mr. sivaks son lives in san francisco and has a car but takes bay area rapid transit, when he can, even though that often takes longer than driving. clearly being late to work and stressed is not something people favor espically when getting to work for free is possible. public transit was free of charge from friday to monday, according to the bbc. instead of spending thousands of dollars expecting an easier lifestyle your neck rests on the chopping block with the blade ever silently above until it completes is mission. having this ability feels like freedom but its actually just a fear inducing, death causing machine. a simple healthier life on a bike seems more enjoyable, and even more so when it promotes good health and your life. in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. not one person can really enjoy a twenty or fourty minute drive to a mall or anywhere for that matter. its a waste of time, money, and life. taking a  minute walk to a mall is much more beneficial to your body and health than adding gas to your lungs, and its quicker too. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. children playing outside instead of inside on their new tablet could be our future again. parents dont have enough time to spend thirty minutes driving to a park when their child seems content on their fancy iphone . shopping is also a favorite anywhere, but it seems to be drifting online. taking five minutes to walk to the mall and save money on not buying a car or spending money on shipping will give more money to buy stuff! a bonus is no more wrong clothing sizes or ordering a lotion that smells like toliet water. ease of lifestyle is a desire that can be fulfilled when waving goodbye to miles of road and hello to a new jeans that fit for once. pollution is a horrible topic that everyone wants to stop, however everyone is ignoring one of its sources. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. it sounds like earth is becoming like the movie walle, and next stop is a ship in space leaving this trashed planet behind. paris is setting a great example at trying to remove pollution for healthier living and a better environment. the united states has clearly been challanged and in its effort to be the best it followed suit, ...it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the evironment. it is hard to imagine a healthy ecosystem with flourishing plant and animal life in our current situation. with paris and the united states assisting in the idea of other transpot methods not only will animals have a better chance at not becoming extinct but so will the human race. dying of pollution will no longer be a concern and money spent on poison can go to lifes other pleasures. happiness, fast travel, no pollution, and more new stuff sounds like owning a car right? carlos arturo has a taste of the sweet life, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. sadly this is not what a car provides because in fact it only reverses these good things. despair sets in with fourty minutes waiting in traffic while clouds of gray swirl into the sky returning a shirt that didnt fit. reconsidering the advantages of having a car and considering the advantages of limiting car usage is the right way to live a perfect life.