no one knows what the future holds and we never will. google cofounder, sergey brin, has developed something that people have always wanted to, but have never accomplished. according to resources, google has had cars that can drive independently, under specific conditions, since . now, in everyones head is oh i can fall asleep behind the wheel with no worries at all, this is not true. even though the car can drive itself it still gives the driver alerts to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. so with that being said, will driverless cars be around in the future? this argumentative essay will be about the positive aspects of driverless cars because even though it has flaws, with the technology that is present today manufactuers will defientely find a way to fix every last one of them. almost everyday human beings come in contact with reckless drivers. reckless drivers are a danger to the rode, but what if sensors were put on cars to make them stop at the time they are suppose to. well, senors back in the s could probably never do that, but now in the present they are way more advanced than ever. sensors detect and respond to the danger of ridiculous skids or rollovers causin the sensors to apply brakes on the individual wheels of the car and reduce the power from the engine. this will have a better response on things than a human being driver could do by themselves. safety is defientely a big concern in this world so manufacturers do have to take extra precautions when making this product. things are still be remanufactured as the days pass, but these driverless cars are not really driverless so to speak. drivers will still have to pay attention to the road in case of any danger that the car can not simply do by itself. the car does give signals like vibrating seats or annoucing over a speaker. that might sound boring so dr. werner huber, a bmw prohect manager driver, is trying to interpret the driving fun in a new way. some manufacturers want to discuss possible car entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. this would help with texting and driving, so with that being said this is actually a safety feature. people purchasing the driverless vehicles have many different questions, as expected, but with the amazing progress that manufacturers are having there will be none. every safety hazard is put into play with making this vehicle, even the enivornment. if they can achieve all the needs of drivers then there will be less public transportation and instead a driverless car public transportation taxi system. googles cars have driven more than half a milion miles without a crash which means the accident rate would certainly decrease. with the way everything is looking, as far as safety wise, driverless cars could be a possiblity in the future. to conclude this argument on why the world should invest in driverless cars lets go back and look at all the positive aspects. first the sensors, then the dereasing of texting and driving rate, and last the enivornmental aspect of it all. automakers are continuing to solve some minor problems that occur over time as they test these babies out. it is said that tesla has projected a  car release with the car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to release cars by the year . will driverless cars make a huge sucess in the future and will they stay around if they do? we have to see what the future holds.