facial action coding system this passage explains how facs could help for a lot of different things. for example in the article it says using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. meaning that if the facs really does work, it could be used for knowing how teenagers feel about school and learning. teenagers now an days think school is boring. sometimes teachers dont even know when their students are paying attention. if schools had emotionrecognition software we would be able to know if our students are into the lessons. the facs could help teachers understand how their students may feel. in paragraph  it says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. in my opinion i think it is true, having a emotionrecognition software could really help teachers. some kids are to nervous to ask the teacher to repeat the lesson, kids get confused easily, having a facs could really help. it could let you know if your student is confused or bored. this could really change the way of teaching, some teachers dont even pay attention to their students. having a emotionrecognition software could really help all around the world. the creator tested the new software on the mona lisa painting. the results were incredible. he says shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. it also says it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor, the same technology can make computers animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. having this software could really help people understand how others feel. this proves how technology could be very useful, this new generation is going to change the world, and so is this new facs software. dr. huang created the facs to underdstand human facial expressions. i say that in my own words having a emtionrecognition software could really help people. sometimes teenagers hide their emotions and put on a fake smile or pretend to be happy when they are not. teenagers now an days dont really like showing their emotions because in their mind they think it makes them seem weak. sometimes teenagers dont want to talk about what is wrong, and sometimes teachersparents dont even know what to do. that technology could really change the world. in paragragh  dr. huang notes most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so computers need to understand that, too. that is true. now that kids have iphones and computers , they could use emojis to express how they feel.