driverless cars are the future of us. they are coming and are better than human opperated cars. google has come up with a simidriverless car and they are making improvements for it too. they plan to cut down the use of gas for these cars. people will be spending less on gas and therefore not causing as much polution coming from the car. according to google cofounder sergey brin, the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. this results in less polution, which in another result will make the planet happier. we see driverless cars as something that is going to make the world a cleaner place.this also causes us to be able to go more places other than where a bus could take us. the text also states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigation through work zones and around accidents. they have been able to get these driverless cars to drive thousands of miles without a crash and if that was us driving, we may have caused an accident. they are, so far, more safe than a human opperated car and when they need human assistance it is for something moderate which the human can handle. the car needs the driver to stay awake so that if something does happen the driver can take over. in the text, the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. another example says, manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. this may be used so that we know that the driver is still awake and will be able to take over. more ways to alert the driver are the seat vibrating, the car talking and telling you that it needs your assistance, flashing lights or other headsup displays. one downfall is that some states have made it illegal to drive or even test computerdriven cars. second, ...even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. that poses the question, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? automakes are continuing their work on these problems and will solve as many as possible. there are still many issues with this car but they are being improved and soon will be driving on the roads with everyone. driverless cars are in our future. they have so much to offer to us and are safer than regular human driven cars. for the people who ride buses they can go more places than they could before because the driverless car allows you to go more places than a bus would be able to go. they are going to cut down polution numbers and may even make global warming start to dissappear if everyone in the future has one of these cars.