as the global concern for the environment increases with time, the desire to use cars decreases. people are aware that cars release fumes which, when combined, can be detrimental for the environment, and they want to do something about it. elisabeth rosenthal writes in her new york times article, in german suburb, life goes on without cars, that up to fifty percent of environmental greenhouse gas pollution comes from the cars driven in american suburbs. in her article, she quotes david goldberg, an official of transportation for america, that all of our the u.s.a.s development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change. it seems like america, and the rest of the world, is becoming more aware about what cars can do to the environment and that car usage needs to decrease, and they are taking steps to do so. so why should you limit your car usage? by limiting car usage, the average citizen can decrease pollution and harmful greenhouse gases that are causing damage to the environment, improve living conditions in large cities and reduce smog, and feel better in general, with more exercise and less stress. in the past decade, america has struggled with an obesity epidemic. in the early s, obesity was at its peak, with mcdonalds super size menu options, huge suvs, and endless television programs to keep couch potatos on the couch. if you visit new york citys manhattan, you wont see a whole lot of obese people hurrying down th avenue to hop on the subway or pick up groceries at the local market. why is this? not many people drive in nyc, mainly because it would be far too expesive to buy and park a car in this already monumentally expensive city. the cars one does generally see are either from out of state, taxis, or businessmen who live in the other boroughs of the city. very few who live in manhattan drive. most people take the subway, walk, or use bikes to get around. because of the way its made, everything one needs is just a few blocks away, from the grocery store, to the drugstore, to the postoffice, to the bank, there really is no need to have a car. if you have to go to the airport, just take a cab. naturally, people who walk and bike everywhere are slimmer and healthier. in the suburbs, this is not the story. many people in the suburbs drive cars out necessity, because it would take the whole day to walk to the grocery store and back. the way suburbs are set up, walking or biking is almost impossible to do if its not for leisure. driving around all day to pick up kids, go to work, and finally pull into the home garage can be draining and stressful. if people were to get around and get exercise at the same time, they would be less stressed and healthier. andrew selsky quoted businessman carlos arturo plaza in his article, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. plaza said that, its limiting car usage a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. many people are already doing this. vauban, germany, is a new carfree suburb. in this town, things are close together, just like a city, eliminating the need to use cars. it is not illegal to own a car in vauban, but people who do must pay a heavy fine and pay for parking on the edge of the city that is also highly expensive. people in the german suburb get along fine without cars, because of the way the city was built. the idea of a carreduced community appeals to the u.s. as well, and legislators and other government officials are trying to make it happen for the environment as well as the sake of the people. bejjing is supposedly the most polluted city in the world, and paris the most beautiful, but paris is more polluted than one would think. robert duffer reports in his article, paris bans driving due to smog, that paris, after suffering from five days of intensive smog called for some drivers to abstain from using their cars for the day or face a fine of twentytwo euros. the system was based on license plate numbers. one day, the drivers with even numbered license plates would not be able to drive, the next the ones with odd numbered license plates. this helped reduce smog in the city, which is more polluted than others in europe like brussels and london. once the smog cleared, the ban was rescinded. this ban on cars, although only for a short period of time, is actually a great idea. emissions from cars cause a large amount of smog to pollute the air, which is bad for both the inhabitants of the city and the environment. the reduction of the use of cars will reduce the amount of smog in the air in large cities, and improve the living conditions in those cities. almost two centuries ago, smog, soot, and dirt covered victorian london and its people. this smog was not from cars, but rather from the rising popularity of factories powered by fossil fuels such as coal. today, all cities of the world are polluted, and almost two hundred years have passed. shouldnt some improvements regarding the environment and smog in cities have been made by now? there is just as much environmental damage being done as there was in th century london, but now, instead of factories being the main cause, its cars. although cities are cleaner now, they are just as polluted. in bejjing, some say the air is so dirty that if you blow your nose, your tissue turns black! it is the st century, and we have to be taking strides to improve the environment for the good of the people who live in cities like paris and bejjing. limiting car usage is important to create a better living environment for people as well as improve their wellbeing, but the most important reason is to limit pollution and damage to the environment due to emmisions from cars. president obama, according to elisabeth rosenthal in her article, the end of car culture, has ambitious goals to curb the unites states greenhouse gas emissions. if the president of the united states is concerned, this means it is a real problem. the immense amount of greenhouse gases caused by cars has already aided global warming and the damage to the ozone layer that exists today. if car usage increases or holds steady, even more damage will be done, so much so that it may become unfixable in the future. if the world does not cut back now on its vehicle usage and reduce environmental damage, things will only get harder to fix. but things are looking good for mother nature, because according to all four articles given, including, in german suburb, life goes on without cars, by elisabeth rosenthal, paris bans driving due to smog, by robert duffer, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky, and the end of car culture, by elisabeth rosenthal, people are already taking steps to reduce the use of cars and better the environment. ever since the model t came out in the early th century, cars have become more and more popular in america as well as around the world. they have become so popular, in fact, that they have become a problem. cars emit harmful greenhouse gases that pollute the environment and cause excess smog in large cities. they can also be stressful and unhealthy for people who depend on them for everyday modes of transport. limiting car usage is important and will help not only the environment, but also the people of the world.