have you ever wondered what it would be like if you didnt have to drive a car, and instead it drove itself. this is what google is trying to do. they are trying to make the driving cars you see on television a reality. while it may seem like a fun and cool idea i dont thhink a driving car would be a good thing. while they might use less gas they would be better if they just helped the human driver instead of taking over. cars that have human drivers and the car helps them when they need it would be better than self driving cars. cars should be able to just help the driver to insure not only the drivers safety but the safety of others. if the car would help the driver the car would apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage aloneparagraph . technology working along with humans makes the world a safer place. but giving too much credit to technology is when you start to mess up. when cars start to help out drivers, humans look for more ways that this can happen. when doinng this people make further improvements in sersors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving task on their ownparagraph . this is when cars should be where humans are driving the cars. if you keep allowing cars to be able to hand all of the drivng tasks they start to take over and drivers start to lean on the car for helping than using their driving skills. when this happens drivers depend on the car and when the malfunctions the crash or hit something because they were to busy trying to let the car do all of the work. some wonder why people would need a driveless car would still need a driver. a bmw project manager by the name of dr. werner huber says  we have to interpret the driving in fun new wayparagrapg . the thing about this is driving in itself is a fun thing. when you you take a driveless car and replace the it takes all of the fun out of being a driver. in order to make driving more fun some manufacture hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup display. such displays can be turned off instantly whenthe driver needs to take overparagraph . the thing about this is not all humans have a quick reaction time. that is why have a human driver that does all the driving is better because it gives the driver time to react. lastly self driving cars dont have a law were if a self driving car hits something or someone the car gets put into the dump. no the law says that if a human someone or something it goes to jail. so if it is true and a self driving car malfunctions and hit someone do the company get sued or does the driver goes to jail? if the driver goes to jail, i bet a less people will go out and buy a self driving car becuase all technology malfunctions sometime, nothing last forever. i think cars should not be able to drive themselves. cars were made so humans can have fun and go places that are to far to walk. cars should just be able to help out the driver to insure everyone safety not give incar enterainment beacsue  times out of  that driver will crash because their reaction time is slow. when it comes down to it and you are in the car would you want to be able to see around you and stop the on time so you dont get hit or hit something else or would you rather be watching tv in your car untill the car needs you and you get hit or something hits you because your were to slow to hit the brakes? i would choose the first one because i value my life and the life around me. but the chose is yours, just remeber that once cars take our jobs there is now going back.