twentyfive years ago a photo was taken of a natural landform that appears to look like a face. many people will argue that it isnt a natural landform but, more of an alien artifact. while the two sides still dont see eye to eye they both have evidence that could support their belief. while, some people think that the face on mars is bonafide evidence that there once was life there. nasa has defended that remark by saying that they wish that it was a mark of ancient civilization but, its not. nasa has also made it a priority to photograph the face because, they felt as if it was important to the taxpayers to give them evidence that it wasnt an alien landform. so, in  they flew a shuttle over cydonia, the facelanform, for the first time to go take pictures of it. thousands of people were waiting to see pictures of it. it had turned out to be just a landform ,like nasa had said, not an ancient lifeform. many people disagreed with the pictures that nasa took because they had stated that it was cloudy during the time they had taken the pictures on mars so, they couldnt really get a clear shot of the face. while nasa agreed with them that it was a cloudy time of year on mars they are still sure that there has never been life on the planet. while nasa hasnt changed there opinion because it is in fact just a landform. many people still want good proof that it could quite possibly be acient civilization. so, they prepared to send up another. this time they sent it up on a cloudless summer day so that noone could argue that the weather affected the pictures. nasa was right again. this time they took up a camera that zoomed in the structure and it didnt show anything new that would have meant that there has ever been any life there. all together, these facts prove that it is just a landform. a scientist named garvin was quoted saying thats a lava dome that take the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. the face is indeed just like a landform that we have here on earth. although the other side of this long running debate did have some evidence that might have made nasa think twice, there is still more proof that it is a landform.