not driving cars sounds like a crazy idea how will soccer moms get their kids to soccer practice how will commuting executives get to their offices? although driving a car is an easier way of getting around, the amount of pollution a car throws out into the atmosphere just isnt worth it. when people stop driving cars, they start to drastically reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions thats being sent out through a cars tailpipes, reduces traffic congestion, and is satisfying a lot of people world wide. europe alone is responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions, following the united states  percent of greenhouse gas emissions, in some carintensive areas. paris, the capital of france that champions the use of diesel fuels typically has more smog than other european capitals, having  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared to  in brussels and . in london. although the bans on cars may receive complaints for delivery companies, there are exceptions such as plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more people. as a result of pariss partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city, almost , drivers were fined, and some even had their cars impounded. this partial ban led  decrease in traffic congestion. in bogota, colombia, millions of colombians hiked,biked,skated, or took buses to work during a carfree day, leaving the streets of the capital city devoid of traffic jams. rushhour restrictions in bogota have also dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have sprung up. the reactions towards the idea of limiting car usage has been taken with great satisfaction and support. in the city of bogota,colombia, a city of  million people, millions of colombians participated in a carfree day by either skating,biking, or even hiking to work. althought it rained, mayor antanas mockus of bogota explains, the rain hasnt stopped people from participating. mayor antanass quote just shows what people are willing to do, rather than taking the easier, and lazier way of simply taking their cars to work in a sense, it shows dedication to the event. even a highsociety man like carlos arturo plaza, a business man from bogota describes this event as a, good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. this idea the idea of limiting the usage of cars can be excersized by any class of society, be it poor, middle class, upper class, even rich, can participate, anyone can participate. in the end, the advantages of limiting car usage includes, reducing the amount of greenhouse gases, reducing traffic congestion, and satisfaction.