the ideaconcept of driverless cars is revolutionary, humans wouldnt need to drive ever again. cars since  have been able to drive themselves without a single crash. google has made it an option to drive the car under specific conditions like navigating through road work or accidents, pulling in and out of driveways, and dealing with complicated traffic. the cars would use half of the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus, says sergey brin. he believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. i think that it is a great idea to actually be able to get in a car that drives itself. it would feel like a luxury. the article says that there are some major liability conflicts between companies right now over the issue of who would be responsible for if there was a wreck. would it be the driver or the manufacturer? the idea of a driverless car still needs to be worked on and equipped with more technology and more assurance that the car is safe. these cars would be rarely seen when finally on the market just like a prius. some studies show that it could be boring not being able to drive. the psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge, admits dr. werner huber, a bmw project manager driver. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human dirver in control at all times. even when there is a human in control driving is never safe, because you constanty have to worry about humans not being responsible drivers. the artical states that, automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. the problems might be solved and the cars might drive perfect but nothing is perfect. there is still going to be defects on the cars and by then it will be too late when people are injured. i think it is not a good idea to do this, because its not completely reliable and would defeat the purpose of being able to drive. america would only get lazier and soon technology will do everything for us. this is what i am afraid of, because we will get used to everything being done for us and we wont know how to do anything outselves. cars should stay how they are and let humans get some activity in besides walking from the door to the car then being driven where they need to go. the idea is very nice, but i wouldnt buy a car like that just for safety precautions. technology is slowly taking a huge role in life now and i just think its moving too fast. we are more focused on technology now than enjoying life itself. teens cant live without phones anymore, and teachers are constantly using them. things should just go back to paper and pencil.