although some sciencetists belive the face was an alien artifacet photograpging cydonia. nasa when marz global surveyor became a priority. the nasa people though it was a good idea beacuse of the tax payers. nasa photograph the face as we could get shot at. mosly the land form was owned by allies. the capition noted a huge rock. nasa unveiled the image for all to see. the face on marz has became a pop icon. it has starred in a hollywood film. there must have been a drgee of suprise among missions contollersback at the jet propulison lab when the face apperared on their montions. radio talk shows says that the alies haunted the gorgoey stores checkout lines  years, some people think it wasnt always haunted. missson again its not always easy to spot a face on the surfce. the people think when people go to space the alies thake them and put there faces on the surfsace and makes it all stay there. most people dont belive its the aliens that are doing this. in  the image spans. . meters comapred to  meteres per pixel in the best viking photot. most pictures you bring back often shows but mosly they never do the alies dont wnat people taking back what they did. on april th  a cloud lesss summer day in cydonia marz golbal surveyor drew close enough for a second look. we had to roll out the spacecraft  dreggs to the center of the filed view. the team capturd an extardoiary photot using a good camra. i think that its kinda cool that people go out there to see the faces on the plants. i would aloso like to see hown they would do that. i would bring home so many pictures of all the faces on the suface. it would rally be cool if they picture really shows. some people would really like to see the faces on the earth or surface. the most biggest of the people are when the people bring back lots of the pictures to show and to sell. when you look on the website to see what people had said about it when they went to see it. most people lie about the alies but you never know what you would see when you to up with nasa.you never know what you are going to see.