in introduction, nasa and scientist are trying to get information about venus. they already try landing meachin but it only last an hour. so they have to do something about it to test if human would be able to live in venus. nasa and scientist believe that there use to be life in venus because of the feature, like mountain, vally and other. so nasa and scientist are still planning on something else. first, according to the text venus is sometime called the evening star, and is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. scientist say that this nickname is misleading becasue venus is a planet. venus is the second away from the sun, which mean it really hot. mars is the first one but according to the text venus is the hottest of all of them, hotter then the mars. venus is often referred to as earths twin because it the closest planet to the earth, in size and density. second, all of the planet move at different speed so something earth a closer to mars than venus. the most challenging part for nasa and scientist is studying the planet, at the same time it the most important part os the mission. their mission is to see and test venus if human can live in it. they already try sending meachin but it only last one hour so that was a bummer. according to the text the most challening part of it is the cloud of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the other challeng is in venus the average temperatures is over  degrees fahrenheit. thrid, nasa possible slolution is to allow scientists to float above the fray, which mean it like car hovering  miles above the surface. the temperatures would still be around  degrees fahrenheit inside, scientist will be able to live according to the text. all the researchers can do is look around and write it down on paper since they cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, but it is safe from creature if there is any. somehow someone would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. according to the text, nasa and scientist can also build another meachin that would be able to go to venus and come back with samples. nowaday computer need electronics but this computer from s dont need electronics and was played an important role in the s during world war . according to the text, these devices make calculations by using gear and levers, and tend to be more stonger when it come to extreme physical conditions. inconclution, nasa and scientist are trying to find away for human to visit the earth twin venus. they have try alot of way but none of them work so now they are trying to use computer from s with extreme physical conditions to get some samples from venus to study. i hope it work too, who doesnt want to visit the earth twin venus, will there be alien. according to the text, modern computer are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick but weaker in extreme physical conditions. all in all venus is planet that is consider as earth twin, and scientist believe that there use to be grass, tree and other, but it too hot so they all died.