claim the author explains the story very well by including the high coop of the united states that could be the nasa and scientists are studing this planet because of the simelarity that has with planet earth. to sport my claim thwe author says  if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientist even discussing further visists its surface? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have beem the most earthlike planet in our solar system. introduction this story talks about how the nasa is trying to study the planet called the even star or for short venus. however, this nickname is misleading since venus was considered a planet in our solar system. scientists says that venus is to simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, the nasa refers venus as the twin of earth, venus i the closest planet to earth in terms of denisty and size and the closest in distance too. on the other hand sometimes the earth is closer to mars in other times to venus, sometimes right around the cornerin space terms. however, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. this planet is nnot that all safe the atmosphere of venus is almost at  percent carbon dioxide and it has more challeng to studing it because of the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. scientists are discussing further visits to the surface of venus because its the planet more likely of planet earth in our solar system. body venus,sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. often referred to as earths twin, venus i sthe closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occassionally the closest in distance too. earth, venus and mars, our other planetary neihbor orbit the sun at different speeds.thses differences in spped mean that sometimes we are are closer to mars and other times to venus. venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent of carbin dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, tempetures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. to conclude scientist are keep studing this planet to see if its safe to live their or not.