imagine you are a nasa scientist discussing the face seen on mars with a person a person who thinks it could have been alien life form that created it. do you think it was just a natural landform or do you believe in alien life form doing this? nasa believes it is just a natural landform. nasa made a discovering on mars that they believe looks very much like a face though they say it is just a nartural landform many others disagree, there is not any life form on mars, aliens are just theory, and it looks similar to the landform in west america idaho middle butte in the snake river plain. first, there is not any life form on mars. nasa has not yet caught any living creature on mars when observing mars and taking pictures of it. they have not been able to find any other things to point toward life on the red planet. for example in the passage it says ...you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size...if objects in this picture like airplanes on the fround or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shack, you could see what they were!. so this quote proves there is no life form on mars because they would have seen it. second, aliens are just a theory that has been around for years and years. the meth of aliens have been around for decades but still no one has ever seen one some may believe they have but mistakeing it for other objects or even seen them in their dreams and thought it was real maybe. in this example it shows that this is a strange find but could very well be just a landform thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first apperaed on jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. this was found in paragraph seven of the passage, saying there was no life form when they discoverd this picture of a natural landform. finally, some have said it looks like the natural landform middle butte in the snake river plain in idaho, west america. like in this quote from the passage,  thats lava dome that takes the form of a isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars., proving it is just a landform and no more then that. though this could open up another opportunity to discover is there lava or water on mars. though nasa discovered this face and would of loved if it came from an alien that was not the case, dont you agree? there is still no life form on mars today, as for the theory of alien, and the idaho plain land mark looked just like the landform on mars, were all are fact to prove this was just a strange land mark of mars. and now we know this thanks to nasas research.