our world had been centered on the car, and that will have to change and europe is taking a stand on this subject. europe takes a stand and tryed and experioment on a new suburb and influnses paris to partake in carfree week and all is a rage and influnces colombia to try. europe is taking a stand to the enviromenting harm that cars are causing by conducting an experiment. they have now made rules and regulation abut the parking of cars in the suburban. an artical writen by elisabeth rosenthal states  street parking, drivewaysand home garages are generaly forbidden in this experomental new district on the out skirts of freiburg... vaubans streets are completly car free. this is forcing people tio complie and live with a car. heidrun walter a media trainer and mothere of two telles the writer  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier thid way. she belive that a car is not nessacery to make her happy and now that her carless she coulf never be greatful. car are a handy tool to have but the damage that they are causing our environment is unrelistic.  paris bans driving due to smo g by robert duffer enlightens us that  paris typically has more smog then other european capitals...lastweek paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussela and . in london. this is a very dis heartining thig that is being caused to our enviroment. luckly people are relizing the damage thate they are causing for generations about ahead of us and trying to solve the problem. paris awhated to try to sovlve the smog issue. paris plan of action was  public transit was free of charge from friday to monday... the smog cleared enough monday for the fuling french party to rescind the band of odd numberes plates on tuesday. this experiment did not please alot of people but did show the dramaptic effect that not driving for a five day period can positivly hgave an affect on out enviroment. in corosponding to hearing about all of the enviromantal news for europe. bogota, colombia decided to participate in this movevment about cars and had a carfree daythis fananium has spred liek wild fire and is having millions of people participating. andrew selsky tells us  millions of colobians hiked, bicked ,skated or took the buses to work during a carfree day. people are wuilling to suffer with incovelents to help or enviroment for the generations to come. this carfree move ment is not only for the enviroment. carlos arturo rode his two seated bick with is wife and told us  its a good opportunity to takeaway stress and lower air pollution. these countrys and people are taking steps and leading other epeople in the right direction and creating a better enviroment by participatin in carfree week.