how you ever wonder how venus might look or want to go up to space and explore it? well here in my story going to describe how venus might look if you are to be interested. in this story, venus has its ups and downs because venus is like our earths twin because it is the planet that is really close in size, shape and distance. the rest of the planets are just like neighboors to venus and earth. some of the advantages, to go and explore venus is that it has similar things to compare to earth meaning that is we go see venus we wouldnt be surprised of how it could look because it like earths twin having the same features as how earth look today. venus has rocky sediment which are familiar to earth today because that can mean that venus has valleys, mountains or craters. another thing that would be cool for us to go visit venus is that knowing that earth and venus are really close to its one of the nearest option for a planetary vist. like the author stated. some of the disadvantages, would be that though earth and venus might look the same have same features it could be dangerous for us humans to go and visit venus on space if their hasnt been prove that some one has gone yet or that we could live there because venus is the second planet closer to our sun meaning it is so hot or get really hot just by knowing the tempertures you could just imagine. how we could not survive that easily the tempertures for venus could get up to  degrees fahrenheit. which knowinfg this it also has different atmosphere pressure which are  times greater than what we have ever experience here on earth. not even the heat and the pressure but it can be even more dangerous becasue there can be other features that we could face on earth just not that frequelety, but in venus the weather can be way off and different we could be seeing way more erupting volcanoes, or way more powerful eathquakes or even lighting because we are just that just to those high tempertures that cause all of this chaos. well these are just of the disadvantages. in conclusion, i feel that if we do come with higher end technology in how we might survive to visit venus in the future than it would be fine to go see venus the other half or twin or earth but if not we could be really expiose to danger out there because their hasnt been a person there do to the extremes tempertures and how it could be bad to be there if nasa, still has to do some more research in order to know all the facts and we could go but as of right now we really just have to wait and thanks for this article now the people or audience can have a more depth note into how the other planets work and are. since venus is too close to the sun i think that  degrees fahrenheit must just be an estimate i must be even more hotter than we might think.