think about the planets in the solar system, how about venus more than the others. studying venus is like trying to study the bottom of a valcano or the inside of earth. the planet, venus, has many challenging aspects. although the planet has these challenging conditons it also is the closest planet to earth in density and size, it is one of the brightest points in the night sky, and many scientists think that there may have been life on venus before. venus is the closest in density and size to earth. often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size... the planet is sometimes so close that scientists have tried to land spacecrafts on it. because venus is sometimes right around the cornerin space termshumans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. venus is one of the brightest points in the night sky. venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. the name however is misleading. this nickname is misleading since venus is actually a planet. in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun. many scientists think that there may have been life on venus before. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the features on the surface are somewhat like earth too. today, venus still has some features that are analogus to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. some people might argue that venus is inhabitable and should not be visited by any human because of the highly corrosive sulfuric acid and thick atmosphere. a thick atomosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. however scientists want to create a ship that hovers safely over the planet. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. ...a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. visiting venus and studying it would be groundbreaking for the science field. even though trying to study venus is like trying to study the bottom of a valcano or the inside of earth, it would still help scientists to know what the planet is like. the planet is the closest to earth in density and size, it is one of the brightest points in the night sky, and many scientists think there may have been life on venus before. so, before people go right to thinking about the dangers of venus, think about all the good that could come about studying the twin planet to earth.