the idea of venus being worth of pursuit, depsite its dangers, isnt completely outrageous. the author of this passage dives into this idea, stating a reason as to why venus exploration should happen, and also stating reasons that it currently isnt possible. though the author does touch on the ideas of why we should explore this planet, they do not give enough reason to support the claim, or at least enough reason and ideas to keep the idea circulating within the brain of all of the readers. the author seems to use at least two of their paragraphs to give why we should travel to venus, in a sense that we were able to do so. in paragraph  they describe the conditions of the planet, adding that venus has volcanoes, earthquakes, and lightning strikes just as earth does. this is just the start of the authors biggest and only claim, which fully arrives in paragraph . the author does so by adding more physcial features of venus and almost putting them side by side to earths. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life..., and adding that ...venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. later on, they also state that venus has recognizable features, such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the author wrote only about how scientists would learn the history of venus, and gave no reasoning beyond this. though displaying a solid claim, the author gives no further explaination to their only reasoning, and goes straight into talking about the difficulty of traveling to the planet. there are multiple things the author could have slipped into the passage, like the abundance of information that scientists would learn, opening further travel, and the creation of new technology. scientists and man alike would obtain much needed information from exploring venus. not only would going to this planet tell us its history, just as the author said, but it would push us closer to the exploration of planets that sit beyond this. the author described a trip to venus as being one that would be no fun for humans, but if able to create technology to keep our explorers safe, there would be smaller and fewer limits on the places our explorers and scientists could go after. by picking such a harsh planet to start one of many trips, the work and energy put into a way to reach the planet would pay off more than the world seems to understand. though the technology used to get to venus would have to be updated depending on the length of travel and the conditions of travel,snowy and colder climates or hot, tretorous terrain like venusit is quite possible to get more out of venus than what is displayed. readers do receive great information from this passage, but the author could have been equipt to know more reasons as to why studying venus would be a great thing for scientists. they did give the wonderous and plentyful reasons as to why it will be harsh to reach and remain on the planet, however. despite this all, venus is a planet to reconcile with, even if it means waiting the months or years it takes to make just the technology compatable enough to work with its body.