my position on driverless cars is that i am against it. autonomous cars still need the driver to be focused on the road. the driver must always be ready to take control of the car in any situation. i feel like autonomous cars give a false sense of safety when it comes to driving one of these autonomous cars. the cars arent fully autonomous they still require the driver to have his hands on the wheel in case he has to overtake the controls. one reason i am against it is because no road that we drive on is fully predictable, so the cars wont know what to do when some situations arise. most people who buy autonomous cars think they dont have to focus on the road and just leave it all to the car. thats false, thats what makes these cars dangerous in a sense.  the can steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skill, this is the reason i am against it. there may be a time that the driver needs to take over and steer the car out of danger, but since the driver had a false sense of security, heshe wont have time to react. they wouldnt have time to react because they mightve been doing something else in the driver seat thinking that the car will steer itself. this is why drivers should always be in full control of the car at all times, because no road is predictable and it requires fast human skills if any situation arises. there might be safety precautions that can try to prevent you from falling asleep at the wheel. this wont help at all in my opinion. since the driver isnt doing anything, they will feel tired and bored and close their eyes and sleep. if theyre really tired they wont hear the warning signs about work zones or any other warning in that matter. everyone is different, some people are light sleepers and others are heavy. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. this will fail in some occasions. say youre a heavy sleeper, and you dont feel the vibrations, and you crash into an object. will that be your fault or the manufactorers fault for giving you a false sense of safety? does the vibration have a setting to make it vibrate violently to wake the driver up? does the vibration start happening at different distances depending on the speed of the car? also how does one know the reaction time of a driver? these are the test they need to do to know how to make these cars safer. the reaction time of a person woken up from sleep is really slow compared to someone who is fully awake. also how does the car recognize that a danger is going to happen. in conclusion this is why i think autonomous cars is not good for the people. its not safe for the driver who is moving at high speeds down the highway with a false sense of safety. its not safe for pedestrians who cross streets not knowing if a human is controlling the car or not. streets will never be predictable and the computers on the car will go off of predictability. yes there will always be a traffic hazard everywhere you go, and the car might not know what to do and its up to you to get yourself and the car out of harms way. this wont happen if youre asleep at the wheel thinking the car will do it itself and you wont have to do a thing. i feel like if a person is wanting to buy a autonomous car, they will have to take courses on how to correctly use the controls and also what to do when theres an emergency ahead. they will have to know the fundimental things like dont fall asleep on the wheel, always be focused and looking for potentional hazards ahead. always put your hands on the wheel whenever the car tells you to. also the main thing they should focus on is to never trust the car to get you from one place to another without your assistance along the way. thats why in think autonomous cars a negative thing.