you all should join the seagoing cowboys group because in paragraph nine it says that being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke, it opened up the world to him. paragraph nine also states that luke said it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. if you were to join the seagoing cowboys you would be sure to highly to enjoy it! here are a few reasons about why you might reconsider your thoughts. luke was just an ordinary boy who was working two jobs. in paragraph one it states that lukes friend don reist invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat. paragraph one also stated that luke couldnt pass up the offer becasue it was an opportunity of a lifetime. in paragraph two it states that luke and don signed up to be apart of the seagoing cowboys. because of luke and don signing up for the seagoing cowboys they got many opportunities to cross the seas. another reason why some of you should join the seagoing cowboys is because you could be a smalltown boy or girl like luke in paragraph five, and expirience many amazing opportunities if you just take the chance and say yes. if youn think that all you will do is stay on a boat and go somewhere and then leave, then get back on the boat and do the same thing you are wrong. in paragraph five luke states besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. to a lot of people that is really cool because a lot of people woud love to vist china and europe and have a great time. last but not least, you should join the seagoing cowboys because you would be surrounded with a ton of great people. in paragraph eight it states that luke found time to have fun on board. it also states that the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games so it will be sure that you will have fun! but only if you join the seagoing cowboys because if you dont you will miss out on a lot of fun things other than just work. joining the seagoing cowboys is something you dont want to miss out on so you better come and sign up now! that is why i think you should join the seagoing cowboys because it is a very big opportunity of a lifetime, something some people wouldnt want to miss out on. the seagoing cowboys want you to join and they dont want you to think thatb you are just doing work they want you to also have fun!