the challenge of exploring venus is a pretty big challenge. venus is often referred to earths twin. venus is the closest pranet to earth in terms of density and size. venus and the earth orbit the sun at different speeds. venus is sometimes right around the corner in space, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. no spacecraft has survived the landing fo rmore than a few hours. there are a lots of challeneges of landing on venus. like a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on other planets the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. this is  times greater than what we experience on the earth. its dangerous for people to land on venus because venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. on venus there are erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. this is really dangerous for us to spend a lot of money on that then a lightning just hits us or something. venus is a really dangerous planet if compared to the earth. but scientist are still discussing further visits to its surface. its because venus may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can only provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense. there are a lot of dangers of going to venus. but i think if we can land there we can have a chance of making that the second earth. venus has a lot of reasons why people cant live there but they called it as the most likely planet that is closer to earth.