ever wonder what someones feeling even if they arent sowhing in well this might be something worth looking into. many people have heard fake it till you make it, well that might work sometimes but now those people are gonna have to step up their game. a software has been made by a a team of professers and this software is called facs or facial action coding system. people belive robots and computers are not eligable to understand emotions but thats changing. first of all, this software that has been created by two professers. one of theses people is dr. huang from beckman institute for advanced sceince at the university of illionis, and the other is prof. nicu sebe from the university of amsterdam. together these two men are working and striving to devlop better ways for humans and computers to communicate. not only did this work later on, but they also made something very interesting its called facs. also, the facs software begins with a computer and this long code which then gets turned into a d computer model of a face. this model includes the  major muscles in the face to replicate a human face and determine its emotion. they tested this technology on the famous mona lisa, which is a famous panting made by da vinci. in this panting there is a woman who is somewhat smiling but it doesnt appear t be a real happy smile. not only, when these two scientist ran a test on the moan lisa did they prove it worked, but they also got results of the emotions that were astonishing. the results showed that the woman in the panting was  precent happy,  precent disgusted,  precent fearful and  precent angry. this infromation came from a computer just running a scan and replicating the movement of the facial muscles. not only was this a remarkable sceintific discovery, it also could become very helpful in many ways. we could take this software and read childrens and students emotions just by scanning the facial muscle movements, we could also even use this on older or people that cant express their feelings. all in all, lets just face it we may have devloped a technoloy that can read peoples emotions and give us results based appon the simplest movements of their face muscles. thats remarkable and not only is it going along with the tecnhnoloy these days, but its also so helpful. this is a tool that can become very effective and useful in schools, hospitals, nursing homes, and even mental instatutions. what these two men acomplished with a set of codes and a computer just may in fact help change the world. this would possibly help end the increasing suicide deaths, so people could get help and not be alone with their emotions.