i dont agree with using this technology to read students emotional expression. i think it wouldnt be a machines business to know how your feeling because some people like muself sometimes dont want to know how you really feel. for example. if i was feeling down one day about my dog passing away, and my little sisters want me to take them to the park. im gonna stay as positive and happy as possible so it doesnt ruin their day. i would take them to the park making it seem like im happy, then eventually be happy myself after the fun we have. i wouldnt want some machine telling me or other people my emotions because thats my business. our emotions belong to us only and we choose for people or other things to know how we feel when we want to. i am not the only one who sometimes hides the way they feel for a bit. we all know if you try to stay positive and have a good day that you will get over no matter what the situation is bringing you down. if you stay positive and happy, then it will all go away eventually instead of expressing how you feel and staying depressed or crying all day. it seems like this technology can be useful or pretty cool to use on histroical people. like who wouldnt want to know how abe lincon felt when he took his picture to be on the dollar bill. that would interest me by alot. only because that is history and its very intersting, but using it everyday of your life can be really annoying and show less privacy. it is a good way to cheer people up like if a friend was feeling down and didnt want to tell you how he or she felt at the moment. that is understandable, but like i explained all you have to do is asume that they are feeling down and cheer them up the best you can and carry on with the day. eventually they will be back to theyre old self again. knowing how someone feels right off the top can be annoying for some people like myself. it can cause others like myself to feel very uncomfortable and not wanting to express how they feel because some machine does it for you. maybe some people want to express how he or she felt a few days after they felt down or depressed. i highly disagree with thus technology being used in our everyday lives to see how we feel, although it would be very nice and interesting to use this technolgy on histroical pictures like the famous mona lisa or how president abe lincon felt on the dollar bill photo.