driverless cars are coming there are both pros and cons about these new cars. theres many saftey rules we should worry about which make it a con. on the other hand some pros are that the cars woudl more advanced and luxurious. for example they can be driven on there own, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. with new driverless cars would have to be a change of laws and to alert drivers with there very new system. my positon on driverless cars is that people should not trust technology to much. a technology error could happen that could even cause someones death just for these cars. as a result its illegal to even test computer driven cars in many states. there would be a massive change in are drivng industry it would be like having robots all over are nation. there should more precution about the driverless cars and to think about the cons that can happen even though since  theyve had something similiar to a driverless car. many people seem to be facinated by television and movies with cars that could drive themselfes. entertainment is an easy way to fullfill people about getting or even thinking that they can make driverless cars. whenever people see this on tv they dont think about all the risks there putting them selfs in. everything isnt sured that it will work which my opinion that driverless cars should not take it farther then what it has been. tesla has projected that mercedesbenz, audi, and niassan plan to have cars that can drive themselvles by . this companies are taking things to fast this should be thouht over and over a millions times. i think with the driverless cars pepople are getting to excited about it and that not taking precaution. everyone of the buyers should be more open minded about all the troubles that could go on to buying such an expensive car. overall i think that the manafacturer should be more cautious in what there exposing to people. if the technology fails and someones get injured whos fault would it be the driver or manufactor? yes exactly manufactures make it seem like driverless cars are going to be fully well safe. manufactuers even believe that moer states will follow as soon as cars are proves more reliably safe. which i think is outrages because a human should not trust computer technologized cars for all the many things that could go wrong.