in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit besides the dangers it presents. he says the planet is right next to us and is our planet sister, it can be our nearest planetary visit, and we need more reasearch on this planet. keep reading on and youll be interested. in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit besides the danger it presents by him saying the planet is right next to us and is our planet sister. he wants to know more about this planet because its right next to us. mars is also next to us, but all of the three planets go at a different speed. in the text is says sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. they have sent space crafts and dont really know what happned to them. it has been more than three decades that a space ship has been sent out to venus. in the article the challenge of explorng venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit besides the dangers it presents by him saying it could be our nearest planetary visit. he says this because in case of a world emergency we could send people to venus. they could have that planet as an emergency planet. in the article it says many reasearchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. they say this just in case they need to be ready for the emergeny at the planet venus. in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit besides the dangers it presents by him saying we need to do more research on this planet. he says this because he has noticed that venus might have been like planet earth once back then. he says long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and crators. these are evidence that venus used to be like planet earth and why not do more research on it. in conclusion, the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit by venus being our planet sister, it caould be the nearest planetary visit, and we need more research on this planet. it is important to know what the other planets gave in common with planet earth.