cars can be very dangerous to this day. so many people are get hurt driving in cars or driving the cars. there are so many things cars can do that can hurt you or before you know it youre dead. would you want to be that person that gets hurts because the car can drive by itself? i dont think anyone would want to be that person hurt because of a car messing up and it wouldnt be your fault one bit. i would rather take responibility on getting hurt or dead then knowing i cant do anything about it because my car is driving itself. my position on driverless cars are that you should drive the car yourself. in paragraph  it says, this means the human driver must remain alert to be ready to take over when the situation requires. most humans arent alert driving by themselves let alone being alert when something goes wrong and not knowing when it will be. technology is really good today, but it is also can go bad whenever it wants to. you dont want to be put in a sitituation where you dont know when something bad is going to happen and you arent paying attention so you cant do anything about it, next thing you know youre in the hospital or even worse in a coma. i just think having a fancy car that can drive itself is not worth getting hurt over. its really not. in paragraph  it considers, wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? its not about having fun driving. its about getting to one destination to another. you can put your family in danger. having a car to drive itself its not worth getting hurt over. technology is really good in all, but it could always go wrong not knowing when. cars are already dangerous today. i think it would produce more reckless drivers and more accidents around the world. most people are never focused on the road all the time, and when you have a car that can drive by itself you have to be focused on the road at all times. there are still a lot of postive things to this. its not all negative. i just think there are more negative than postive.