do you think there are aliens? well i dont. this unmasking the face on mars is not a alien thing because strange things always happen on earth and different planets. this could just be are pollution is spreding not just in the air but even in space. or mars could just be doing what earth does every amount of years earth changes in like the landscap mars landscap could just be changing. on earth we have weird stuff happen a lot like symbols in corn feilds, some people think they see flying space ships some people are just crazy aliens dont exist. we dont have any proof that aliens exist like just because some cows go missing or found dead doesnt mean they didnt just leave or a wild animal didnt kill them. i dont know how to explaine the corn feilds but the flying space ship is just a jet or plane nothing big and if people say other people have been kinapped by aliens or saw some aliens they would be lying because aliens dont exist. earth today has so many pollution problems rigth now its just not funny but are pollution could somehow start to spread to other planets because we have air pollution. air pollution can spread pretty easy so when we like have rocket and go to a different planet we may bring different substances to that planet its not use to. or just how we went to the moon the pollution we brougth to the moon could have spreaded all over the galxay. so we all know how the earth changes once every speacial year or years but were use to that cause we know its going to happen. so now there is a new change but not to planet earth but to mars its weird but its just a planet. like are it may have some new changes may not this doesnt mean it has to do with aliens. we have traveld or seen with are cameraas in space so many planets but never one trace of aliens or any life form so that means aliens arent real. so in conclusion with all the evidence we got from prior knowleged and reading this article there are no other life form on anyother planet just earth. also aliens dont exist all the weird things that happen in the world or on different planets all happen because humans do something wrong to the earth. we sometimes get granted the most beautiful things ever or it hits us with earth quakes or hurricans and punishes us so do good to the earth not bad.