i agree with the article, knowing that a technologly can be use to see how people emotions are is pretty cool for someone to know how you and another person is feeling. the resson why i agree to this passage is because i mean it has all sorts of context. the emotions that people have are very important because thats why we all ask each other when somwthing looks wring we always ask and say whats wrong because we can tell by there emotions. some people lie and say there fine but we know deep down there not. in the picture you can see that mona lisa smile is not real. so many peoole love with stuff amd keep in there back of there head and just leave it alone, but deep down we all know their thinking about it.  movement of one or more miscoes is called an action unit eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness. surprie, anger , disgust, fear , and sadness. movement of the facial muscles. that how mone lisa feels. as you look really close into the picture you have see  perecent happy ,  peecent disgusted,  perecent fearful, amd  perecent angry. artists can make a picture not look like whats the person is feeling mone lisa as we all know is a very strong independent woman. we all kmow she was going through some tuff times. i feel like everyone asked her if she was okay. and than everyone had went to a conclusion. lets make a system on peoples emtions. everyone believed that their was gonna be thsi system to figure how peoole were gonna react. and when we tried it in mona lisa we all knew that the technology was gonna work. mone lisa was a cery hard working last who never would show her emtion to anyone. until the technology was imvented. nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam had memrion feom the text that  expert at deveopling better ways for humans and computers to communicate. people really know now on how people feel and there real feelings are being shown. i think its for the better anyways, reason being is because if we did not know how people felt that mean we would not be able to stop people would harm them selfs. i think this techology is a good way to start this world into a better way than just asking peoole on how they feel and making them think about it more. people can find all different ways to makes somene else feel better. mone lisa never speaked up she would always say she was fine. she wiukd always bave a smile in the back of her head. but she knew no one would ever understand her so she never told anyone and just never spoke like the feeling she always felt.