since ive heard about that the driverless cars are coming, a sincere expectation came to my mind. i am in, in the side of supporting the development of those cars. as we all know, the nature resources are formed after millions of years, and with the rapid development of technology and electricity, those unrenewable resources are decreasing in a high speed. i cant imagine the days without coals, fossil fuels or gas. the driverless cars would be half of the fuel of todays cars, which could save a lot of resources that we might have time to discover the new type of renewable energy. this is the first reason i agree with the useful cars. fewer resources being used, that means less pollution it may produce. carbon dioxide is one of the main source of air pollution at this time and the spread of driverless cars might have a chance to give us back a blue sky. we are now try everything to save our importance because we know how important that it, planting trees, making laws, walking instead of driving, but why not limiting where it come from? additionally, driverless cars are proved to reduce the accident rate. although it doesnt exactly mean driverless, but the different ways of alerting the driver what may goes wrong definately help them feel safer. because humans will feel tired, but machines wont. the beforedangerwarning would give driver time to realize the problem that occurs and to solve it. it might just be a few seconds, but probably could save a whole familys life. some people like to drive, when they are on a vacation, they like to drive to wherever they want, they feel free and relaxed. in spring break i am going to florida. its a thirteenhourdrive! its still alright for the passengers but drivers will be exausted. however, if you have a driverless car, machine can offer you a big favor. you dont need to be alerted all the time to avoid accident and hurt your family, oppositely, you are able to sit in a comfortable armchair closing your eyes and chat with your family. a longterm driving wont be a big deal anymore! the expectation is always sweet and beautiful, there still are a lot of difficulties of bring driverless cars into families. this world has so many people, making all these cars could use a lot of resources. and we still need to test the cars to confirm that they are a hundred persent safe. countries may start conflicts by the production or using of these cars. but with more and more talented scientists hard work, i believe, we will finally break all the walls in front of us and build a fabulous future.