transportation is a large necessity in most countries worldwide. with no doubt, cars, buses, and other means of transportation make going from place to place easier and faster. however theres always a negative pollution. although mobile transportations are a huge part of daily lives, we are endangering the earth with harmfull greenhouse gases, which could be suppressed. a small suburb community in germany called vauban, has started a carfree lifestyle. in this city, markets and stores are placed nearby homes, instead of being located by farend highways. although vauban is not completely carfree,  of vauban families do not own cars even a large  of families stated to have sold their cars to move to vauban. some families have even said to be less stressed depending on car transportation. cars are responsible for about  of greenhouse gases, and can even be up to  in some carintensive areas in the united states. another insight to reduced car zones brings paris incident with smog. paris officials created a system that would in fact lower smog rates. on monday, the motorists with evennumbered license plates numbers would be ordered to leave their cars at home, or they would suffer a fine. same rule would occur on tuesday, except motorists with oddnumbered license plates were targeted with fines. congestion, or traffic, was reduced by  after five days of intense smog. diesel fuel played a huge part in this pollution, having the fact that  of vehicles in france are of diesel fuel. the impact of the clearing of smog, resided in banning the tuesday rule of odd license plates. could you imagine a day without seeing a single car being used? this phenomenon occurs once a year in bogota, colombia. with the exception of buses and taxis being used, cars are to be left unattended for an entire day. having a carfree day just once a year can even reduce the pollution slightly. the day without cars is part of a campaign that originated in bogota in the mid s. this campaign has renewed and constructed numerous bicycle paths and sidewalks all over the city. parks and sports centers have also sprung from this campaign. devoting your time to a carfree lifestyle has its hassles, but in hindsight, it has its benefits. to conclude, living a carfree lifestyle does not seem like a possibility in this day and age, however managing the use of cars and pollution is something every country should take time investing in. think about how much of an impact it would be if everywhere worldwide would take part in airpollution reduction. mobile transportation is lifestyle in a sense, and being dependent on cars or other means of transportation can impact the health of the earth and even ourselves.