the thought of having a driverless car appeals to many people for many reason. some would feel like they could do other things such as talking on the phone would become safer with this. others could feel like it would be a step closer to possibly having a floating, driverless car. with all this, people have to ask themselves, what could be the negative effecrs of having a driverless car? diverless cars should not be delevoped, because there are still many unknown answers. there have been many advancments on car safty since automakers used speed sensors in the wheels when they created antilock brakes in the s. now adays you can buy a car that can detect when you are going to back into something that you cant see or came out of nowhere. with the driverless car, you have to worry about something malfuntioning while youre in the middle of traffic or if the car stopped working altogether. in paragraph , the author says if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault  the driver or the manufactures? this is something that many people will debate about. some will say that it was the manufacturer because they didnt check car to see if it had any faults. while others will say that it was the driver because they behind the wheel, but whose fault would it really be? many teenagers look forward to being able to drive. they may study for long hours and practice parallel parking so they can pass their drivers test, and the long a waited drivers license. would the develpment of driverless cars take away the need for having your licence altogether? people would assume that anyone could have one because they wouldnt driving. even with this, people would more then likely need to be tested on how to operate a driverless car and be trained to be able to look for signs that the the car has a technical problem that needs to be fixed right away. with every new discovery and advancement, there are many questions that still ned to be answered. driverless cars should not be develped because there are still some important answers that still need to be looked into. many safety issuses need to be disscused, as well as what would be the sutible age to be able to opperate one.