politics is everywhere and it rules our everyday lives. each united states citizen has a role in choosing how our politics can operate. it might not be a huge role but it definately is an important small role. the presidential election happens every four years on the first tuesday of november. there is an electoral college which is the compromise between election of president by vote in congress and by popular vote of citizens. as state senator, i think you should keep the electoral college running because it is a safer option than just doing election by popular vote. the electoral college consists of professionals in congress that are more specialized in politics then an average citizen is. the electoral college should be handed the trust to control our politics. there must be a majority of  electoral votes to elect that president. each candidate running for president must have his or her own electoral group. the electors are chosen by the candidates political party, which means the person running for president if in good hands with his electoral college. al gore lost the presidency, but he won the popular vote. maybe the professionals in the electoral college saw a flaw in him that the average citizen would not see.  of people prefer doing the direct election popular vote. the direct election would only satisfy themselves temporarily, but what if this president that got elected put the whole country in a downfall. then people would realize how important the electoral college is. there are some cases where the election process ends up being a disaster. what if citizens werent able to chose the electors and the state legislatures were fully in charge of choosing those electors. well, the electors can still chose to go by what the people want. in , the segregationist almost replaced democratic electors with the new electors that opposed john f. kennedy. some electors have even went against their political partys candidate and only choose who they wanted to chose. the segregationist that were in power at that time only wanted what they thought was best for them and not what was best for the people. situations like this must require the votes and thoughts of the average citizens combined with the electoral college. the electoral college has voters voting for electors only and not the president. the electoral college should stick around forever. popular votes might not always be the best option. the citizens still have a say in which electors shall be chosen and that plays a part in electing the president. even though voters are not always able to control who the electors vote for, they still have a part in chosing who will be president.