driverless cars should not be able to be developed and used. they arent safe because you do not know when theyll mess up. also because if the technology fails, and a serious car crash happens there is nobody to blame. i know that driverless cars are improving, but there are just some obstacles that they arent good enough for, like driving fast on the highway and switching lanes when needed. also because driverless cars still havent developed to where they can detour around things like work zones and car crashes. if driverless cars were to be allowed on the roads of the united staes it would not be good at all. this is because, in the united states, there are already too many cases where people are getting jailed for killing someone because of drunk driving, or driving under the influence. so if driverless cars were allowed on the streets people who are breaking the law, and driving under the influence will not be able to take over control of the car when a situation pops up where they are needed to manually drive. so therefore if a crash happens and someone got hurt who is there to blame, the manufactuers or the person in the drivers seat. another reason that driverless cars shouldnt be able to hit the streets is because these cars are not able to perform things that humans can do. for example, when a human is driving down the street they look ahead for things they have to watch out for like, potholes, speedbumps, roadkill, and glass. these cars will not be able to do things like this because they are built to a specific system to where they just know where they are going, and how to stop and stuff. so therefore they will just run over these things. if they just run over things like glass, and potholes objects like the tires on the car may be damged. if the tires get damgaed that means theyll have to be replaced. and replacing the tires on a driverless car may be really expensive. so my point is that accepting driverless cars in the united states is not a good idea. simply because theyre too many things that may happen to the car. and also there are too many risks that may apply when having this car on the road.