venous, sometimes called the evening star is one of the brightest points of the dark sky. making it a easy for evn an amateur stargazer to spot. the nickname is also mislead to an actual planet. venus is the nd plant from our sun. venus is simple to see from a dar away distant but safe vantage point of earth. it proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. earth, venus, and mars are neighbors. differnce in speed means that sometimes we are closer or the closest to mars and sometimes even venus. each previous mission was unmanned, for good reasons. no spacecraft has survived over few hours after landing. that is why not even a single spaceship has been sent to venus in over  years same as three decades. numerous factors that are contributing to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. venus atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets the entire plant. in these types of condition these are far mor extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. the national aeronautucs and space administration has one particularly idea on sending human beings to study venus. however, a spacecraft distant from venus orbiting or hovering safley far above the plant can only limit on ground condition because most you cant penetrate the dense atmosphere, renderiinig standard photography and videography effectiveness. nasa is working them selves up too other studies of venus. for example, some electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested ina chamber further studing the chaos of venuss there are old devices that they use to use back dating in the s during the cause of world war . by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be used for more resistant things to pressure, heat, and other forces. meeting up to the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the sighting of the plant to gain on the plant itself, but because of the suriosity will lead us into many equally itimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangerous and doubts. also expanded to meet the very edges of imagination.