there are several advantages of limiting car usgae. a couple of them are that there would be less pollution in the air and that communities would be set up different to make it easier to get to places without having to drive to these place you could just walk instead. one advantage of limiting car usage is that there would be less pollution. source  says, if the pattern persits and many sociologists believe it will it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions. this shows that if you cut out some of your car usage there will be less carbon in the air. which would lead to less pollution and a better living environment for everybody. source  says, its a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. the person who said this was talking about the car free day that occurs in colombia. going just one day without your car can have an impact on the carbon emissions and help bring down the amount of air pollution in that area. another advantage of limiting car usage is new community set ups. source  says, but its basic percepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking. in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. this shows that the government is willing to set up the community in a different way to limit the amount of car usage on a daily basis. which also makes your shopping trips more convinant because the stores you need or want to go to are walking distance from your house. source  says, parks and sports cneters also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been repalced by broad smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new resturants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. this explains how the city is being remodeled to help encourage people to start using their cars less and to be able to walk to many places instead of driving there by bringing these places closer to their houses. there are several advantages of limiting car usgae. a couple of them are that there would be less pollution in the air and that communities would be set up different to make it easier to get to places without having to drive to these place you could just walk instead. there are several advantages of limiting car usage. a couple of them are less pollution and new community set ups.