has it ever seem hotter than it usually has to you? the suns heat just burning the skin on your body. does it feel like if you want to get any where you have drive in a car because its to far to walk? cars are our main source of transportation but it is not helping our enviroment. gas that is used in cars send off green house gas emissions that hurt the ozone layer, a layer of gas in the stratosphere that protects us from the suns ultraviolent rays. many cities have started becoming car free because of this harm to the enviroment. one of the cities that has become car free is vauban, germany source . this city has found a way to become car free so that it is good for the enviroment and people can still go to stores or their jobs. what this city does is they make suburbs more compact and make store easily a walk away from a store. it mentions in source  that passenger cars are responsible for  of green house gas emissions. in the united states it is at . all those green house emissions put a hole in the ozone layer making it hotter around the world and letting the ultraviolent rays from the sun hit our body which can cause skin cancer. the design of vauban is used to structure other cities allowing those cities to use less cars. the acumilation of smog can be very dangerous. in source  in talks about paris having to ban driving due to the amount of smog in city. the people driving would be fined  euro. the congestion of the smog dropped  because of the ban on driving. source  states that france uses diesel fuel instead of regular gasoline due to a tax policy. diesel makes up  percent of vehicles in france. diesel fuel is harsher than regular gasosline to the ozone layer because it uses different chemicals and burns quicker than regular gasoline. in source  it talks about the united states using less cars than normal. in april  the number of miles driven per person dropped by  percent compared to the past. it also states that the amount of young people driving has dropped  between  and . this drop in amount of people driving is very good due to green house gas emissions being the second largest source behind power plants. this drop in cars driven also causes less harm to the ozone layer. source  also says that because of technology and the internet people do not have to drive to see and speak with each other. instead they can email, call, or text each other. to conclude, with people driving less cars it becomes better for the enviroment. it allows less smog to build up and hurt the ozone layer allowing ultraviolent rays to harm us. cities will be designed differently to acomdate the fact of using less cars by making jobs and stores closer to houses.