the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of a student in a classroom is valuable because it can help teachers or even other students know when someone is struggling on a certian topic. when being able to tell if someone is struggling is important because teachers would be able to get the student extra help for them to understand the topic fully. letting this technology into a average classroom would be very helpful for everyone. for students it would be able to see if the lesson needs to be slowed down or if the lesson should go by quicker for the best learning experience. dr. huang states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or boredparagraph . one big problem in a classroom for the teacher is knowing if the student fully understands the topic because most dont ask quetiosn when they are confused but with facial action coding, it would remove that barrier and let teachers know how students are feeling. it not only tells the teacher if they are confused but also if their lesson is keeping the attention of her students or if her lesson is boring to most and she can adjust the lesson with that information. in the future the teacher might not have to change the lesson themselves because, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.paragraph . the new technology, facial action coding, has the potential to adjust the lesson for the student in the future because sensing emotion is just the start for the new technology. some people might debate the opposite saying that knowing the emotion of the students is not important for them to learn because its been the same for many generations. but knowing if someone is happy during school also transfers to the life outside of school. the article states,according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce themparagraph . being able to put a smile on a students face in the classroom even if it a fake smile helps real happiness come out and continue to stay throughout the day as long as they are enjoying the lesson. with this technology students and teachers would be able to see which students are sad in the classroom to see if they are having personal problems or if they need help too. most schools care about the well being of their students but some students are to scared to ask for help but by having facial action coding teachers would be able to inform the students parents or guardians that their is something wrong if the student has a sad expression the majority of the time. being able to have this technology to identify this probelm would help get the student the help they need in or outside the classroom. in conclusion, the good out weigh the bad when it comes to facial action coding because having it in the classrooms becomes a valuable tool for many to use. it is a great tool for teachers to help create a happier and more enjoyable learning enviroment for the students.