having a car that does most of everything by itself would be great. however, there is a few reasons why i wouldnt perfer a smart car over a car i can drive myself. it can be unsafe when you all the sudden have to take over, not driving yourself can cause you to fall asleep and become bored, and its not always a good thing to depend on others. its alot better to depend on yourself while drvining the on a electronical car that can possibly malfunction at anytime. thats why i wouldnt mind driving myself. as stated in the article, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert driver to tale over.. is a very unsafe senerio. if a driver is depending on a car to drive them around with out there help they may not always be prepared to take over the wheel. perhaps what if someone was putting on thier making up, doing thier hair, eating a sandwhich, etc. they may not have enough time to take over the wheel before a crash happens. however, having a car that can give you a slight break to do other things could be very help when your rushing and in a hurry because you didnt get ready on time. wouldnt drivers get bored waiting thier turn to drive? , stated in the article goes to show that since the driver is not doing anything they can get bored. a good amount of people happen to doze off and fall asleep when thier bored. if a driver behind the wheel falls asleep that can be very dangerouse not only for them but the drivers around them. they can go off the road or even slide into another vehicle. however, not having to drive yourself if your going on a long trip could give you a chance to relax for a little amount of time. sometimes depending on other people andor things isnt very good. while depending on your smart car something could happen. everyday some type of electrionical system breaks down. what if thats your smart car? if you depend on something electrional for exapmle your smart car anything can malfunction. you can be driving down the road and all the sudden a wire breaks and your car no longer has control of itself. however, any type of car can be unsafe and malfuction and you can end up crashing. smart car or no smart car nothing is garunteed. so even though a smart car can alert you unsafe situations like being to close to an object it can be dangurous at the same time. i encourage you to just go ahead and not be lazy and drive yourself around. you have a less likly chance of creating a crash or being in a crash. its unsafe, it can make you tired or bored not driving yourself around, and its not always the best idea to depend on other things. this is why a smart car will not be on the top of my list anytime soon.