mysterious face found on mars? the mystery of the face on mars, true or false? the face on mars is just a mesa landform. this is proven by nasas mars global surveyor when it took a picture of it with a camera that had a pixel span of . meters. some may disagree with this because they believe scientist are hiding this consiracy theory from them. an evidence to prove that their is life on mars. however, after reading this prompt your opinion may change. first, it is just a landform because of all the evidences collected from the article. in paragraph , it clearly states that what the picture actually show is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. in  the picture looked like it was a face of a human becuase of the cameras quality. the cameras from  to now have evolved.  each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. this shows that the quality of the pictures differences. last, if scientist were to really hide this conspiracy thoery from us it wouldnt make a difference. in fact nasa would be benifiting from it becuase how it would appear in news, radio talk shows, books, etc. paragraph   there was no alien monument after all. next, now some believe that this conspiracy theory is a secret hidden from us by nasa. they think the face is evidence to prove life on mars. this is because in paragraph  it states that  the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian lattitude where it was winter in april , a cloudy time of year on the red planet. they believe that this may have caused the face to be hidden in the clouds. also another reason they may believe it is a face is becuase they might have seen something that had false information on the web. this might be becuase in the text it states that  the face on mars has since become a pop icon. last but not least, now that youve read this prompt is the face on mars really a face? the face turns out to be just a landform on mars. the pictures from  were unclear tooken with a camera that had  meters per pixel. then in , nasa retook the picture with a camera with that had  times bigger pixels than the one from . last, the picture was a big evidence to the people that it was just a natural landform.