the author think its a good idea but bad idea at the same time. the author said that it would be a good idea becuase it would help with drivers when they are not paying attention. it is also a good idea becuase it has a sensor on the car that stops the car when the owner doesnt see whats going on. there are also some reasons why it wouldnt be a good idea because the car could one day act up or could stop working and something bad could happen to the person. i personally think its a good idea because it will help with drunk drivers. it also has a gps systme that helps people find where they need to go instead of having to use their cell phones. the only thing i would worry about is if it stop working while i was driving. for example, if a car were backing out of the driveway and i didnt see it i could get into a car accident. if the brakes stopped working and i wasnt able to stop at a stop sign or stop l ight i could aslo get into a car accident that way. it aslo would help save money, because you wouldnt have to pay for gas. they can steer by themselves and they can also accelerate by themselves. there is a camer on the back of the car and it would help people if they were backing out of the drive way see if anyone is coming or not. it is also compuer controlled. it alerts the driver if there is a road block ahead or an accident. their cars have been driven and their cars have yet to get in an accident. they alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues.general motors created a concept car that could run on tracsk that were embedded with an eletrical cable that sent radio signals to a reciever on the front end of the car. toyota prius made a camera with a sensor that helped with being able to see behind you. there are also anilock brakes and driver assistnace. in  bmw made a car that can handle speeds up to  miles an hour. there are also sensor on the wheel of the bmw to make sure the driver has theor hands on the wheel. laws are focusing on keeping drivers safe and also pedestrians. in most states like california, nevada, florida, and the district columbia it is illegal even to test computer controlled cars.tesla is releasing a computer controlled car in . i also think it will help with our future and how it will become.