did you know that there are plenty of advantages of limiting car u sage? well your in luck im here to tell you that there are many good outcomes of not using a car. you dont have to pay car fees,because when do you have a car you have to park the car in a certain area and some of the places you decide to leave the car ask that you pay them to park in the space you had picked or selected. experts have notice that when you dont use your motor vehicle that it is a huge reduce of greenhouse gas emissions. passenger cars are responsible for  of the greehouse gas emissions in europe, but  is from united states carintensive. people claim that they wanna try to make the world a better place, but some are not even tring to help. while some people on the suburn lifestyle actually have been trying because theyve stop using there car and started riding biking or even walking rather. back in the day around world war ii we as people in society have depended on a car. so that needs to change soon or later, because what if one day you have to be somewhere important at a certain time and that car you depend on so much blows out? what are you going to to and you wont have enough time get your car done because it would probably take about  days in the shop. think about it in your mind do you really need to depend on a car for transportation. driving band in paris? yes paris, france have band driving because they say that driving was polluting the air. so the people of paris have reinforced a law that states you are not allowed to drive a motor vehicle. the only reason they had put the law because they want to clear the air of the global city since there was so much smog in the air. people of paris were either the choice to leave their motor vehicle at home or suffer the chances of paying euro fine. since the smog had cleared up the law was rescind. see what cars do to our enviroment they mess up the climate it creates global warming which will soon kill us one day. it is much bettersafe if we all in the world to aleast tried to not even bother usng a car if would all be great if we would use bikes cause they do not pollute the air we all breathe. well people ik get informed many different ways you or some one else reading this essayi wrote you have the power to change the way you see what cars do to us and the place we call earth. i can try to inform you its bad and we should at least try not to use cars so much as we do today. im not saying you have to ut i dont think you or myself wanna die anytime soon because of global warming or any pollution our motor vehicles do well see ya!