can you believe theres actually technology that can identify your emotions ? theres a new technology that can show a how a human is feelings. its called the facial action coding system. this system can be used to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom by showing when kids are getting bored or confused, showing if fake emotions are being used, and help produce emotions. first off, the system can read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom by showing if the kids are bored or confused. by the computer allowing to show how the students are feelings, the teachers can look at that and they can actually change things up a bit in class. on paragraph  it says,  then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. therefore, the fac system can feel the same emotions as the students are feeling and show how the students are feeling. on the other hand, the fac can also identify if fake emtions are being used. when you fake a smile the system can tell when it a real smile or a forced one. on paragraph  it says,  meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis pars palpabreaus make crowsfeet around your eyes.but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideway using the zygomatic major and different muscle, the risorius. which means the fac knows when the smile is real or fake when the way your smile is being structured. lastly, another way that expressing emotions in a classroom is valuable is helping produce emtions. making an expression can also help you feel an emotion. that way this can help the students show their real emotions. on paragraph , the author says, according to the facial feedback theory of emotions, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emtions but, also may even help produce them. therefore, that can change whole mood and emotions of a students. helps students change what they are feeling. the facial action coding system can read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom showing that the system is valuable by showing when kids are getting bored or confused, if fake emotions are being used, and to help produce emotions. so yes, this technology is very valuable for a classroom. fac can be a great use to read humans.