it might be hard to study a planet that isnt letting people explore it because how hot it is, or the different weather it gets on certain days. it will bring dangers from studying it but that is what make you want to study the planet even more. studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the three reasons im going to give is to why venus is a good planet to study. the first reason why the author should keep on studying the planet venus is because their might be a shot possiblity humans could survive on the planet. it might be a big struggle to have any form of life, but we wont know if no one studies it. in the text it states,  solar powers would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. i used this sentence from the text because its explaining how we could have life! this is a huge deal to find this out. the temperature on the planet would be toasty around  degrees fahrenheit. our sea level on this earth to close to the air pressure on venus. another reason is the similarity between earth and venus. astronomers are fascinated on how venus may have been like earth a long time ago. they predicted that is was probably covered with large oceans and could possibly be available to the thought of form of life. in the text paragraph  it states, today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains,and craters. this is a good sentence because its saying everything that is similar to earth. this is also another reason why the author should study this planet becuase without studying and looking for clues for this planet, nobody would know about venus.he needs to do his research to find out if this mission is both safe and scientifically productive. last but not least on why the author should continue is becuase he needs to find out more about the planet and how to get rock, sandrocks, anything about venus. the author and nasa cannot find out more because everything they have built, it get destroyed after a few hours being on the planet. in the text it says, venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. it may seem hard to fully understand why venus is super hot that keeps distroying nasas spacecraft. they understand why not another single spacecraft has touched for more than three decades. therefore, the author should keep going and continue his research about planet venus. i like this quote from the passage and it says our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination the reason i like this is becuase the author is right, no one should be limited on what they want to do because of the dangers. it might be dangerous to study about planet venus, anything could happen and go wrong, but thats why he should keep studying to be prepared. in the end i think he should keep going, to find out more about this planet even if the dangers is there to presents itself.