yes, i believe this technology is very useful. this could be used for a lot of different things, such as online and in the classroom. as it says in the article, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this could totally change the internet, if you arent liking something you could just frown and it would either change it up or put something diffferent on the screen. or for another instance, if you are watching youtube, and if you arent liking your video you just frown and they would show you a new video. this technology also can help in the classroom, if you are doing something online for a class and you got bored, the screening would change whatever was on your screen into something more entertaining that you may like, dr. huang predicts, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored or confused, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective instructor. i would like to see this happen, especially in the classroom. if i was doing a research project or a test or just an assignment online, i would rather have it change it to something more interesting. although this could also hurt student academically, especially if they sratrt getting behind on their school work. this technology could also work for video games, if you are playing the same games over and over the console would be able to switch it up and allow you to play newdifferent games. this could definitely help improve video games, even if you didnt own the game you wanted to play, it could let you play a free trial to see if you want to go ahead and buy it. for example, if you are playing a basketball game and start to get bored, the facial screening will see that and switch you into a different game. this technology could also put you more into the game in a way, it could possibly scan your face and put you into the game as one of the main characters. this facial screening technology is really cool, it just seems surreal that a computer can tell you exactly what empotions you are feeling. just like with the mona lisa picture, the screening said that she was  happy,  disgusted,  fearful, and  angry. this screening can tell your exact emotions with exact percents, it can do all this just through a screen. the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of your face, and scans all  major muscles, overall, i believe that this technology is very valuable to society, i mean being able to read emotions just rhough a screen is amazing. dr. paul eckman did an amazing job creating f.a.c.s. facial action coding system, this system can classify six different emotions. those emotions are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness, and this system can also associate one of those emotions with your facial muscles.