the author suggests that stuudying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. the differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus because venus is sometimes right around the corner in space terms humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land this cloud draped world. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humnas to study, despite its proximity to us. for an example venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. even though mercury is closer to our sun. high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like errupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the author really wanted to let everyone who was reading this article were sure they knew venus is a worthy pursuit despite. the national aeronautics and space administration has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. peering at venus from ship orbiting or hovering saftely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on gorund conditions because most forms of light cannot pepetrate the dense atomsphere, redering standard forms of photogrpaphy and videography inffective. also researchers cannot take samples of rock,gas or anything else ,from a distance. scientists mission was to understand venus would need to get uo close and personal despite the risks. striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value , not because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself. but because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. maybe the issue why not a single spaceship has tounched down on venus in more than three decades. venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. like today venus still has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features sucha s valleys, mountains, and craters.