in this article the author presented both positive and negative aspects of the driverless cars. i believe that the a person should be driving a car at all times. first, the driver cannot be mad at anyone other than himself. next, if you start doing that anyone can be in a car and people will be asking to lower driving ages and other things like that. finally, you cannot go back and sue the company for the car hitting someone it was completely your fault not the companies. the first reason i think people should drive cars is the driver cannot be mad at anyone if heshe gets in a wreck. the whole problem with accidents is that no one will admit they started the wreck. if you were to make the car drive by its self more people would be making the excuese of it was the cars fault. in the article it talks about the people going back and arguing with the company for the car. it wont be better for society it will make people be more of a excuese person and not take the fault for what they did. with people still driving there will be no reason to argue about it being the cars fault it was yours. next if you make the cars drive themselves everyone will want to get in a car and they will want to lower the driving age. if the car can drive itself they believe there is no room for fault. the car wont get in wrecks and anyone can be in the wheel. that is where more people will be arguing about the driving age and to lower it to allow younger people to be in control. the younger you are the dumber your choices are. if you let a younger kid get behind the wheel the car still might get in a wreck.then everyone will go back to yelling at the company and no one can blame them you were arguing about making the age lower to drive. finally, if we keep people behind the wheel you cant go sue the company for the car getting in the wreck. with the person being in control of the car no one can be to blame other than you and the other driver. no one can go sue the company looing for money. they can use their own money for the damage they caused and rightfully need to fix. they need to be acountable for the damage they did and fix the problem that they caused. they shouldnt be able to put all the blame on the car and go back and sue the company that developed the car.also think about all the money that is being put into these cars. so all together to sue the company and make the cars there is to much money being involved. in conclusion there are many reasons why i believe cars should be driven by a person. first, the driver cannot be mad at anyone but himself for causing the wreck. next, everyone will want to get in a car and they will want to lower the age on driving. finally, if we keep people driving they will not be able to go back and sue the company for the car getting in the wreck.that is why i believe cars should be droven by people not autopiloted.