driverless cars should begin to be developed because they can be helpful in many ways. driverless cars can change the world. they should begin to be developed because they have sensors that allow them to alert the driver when they detect danger, they alert the driver when they need to take over, and they are working on making them as safe as possible. the driverless cars have sensors that allow them to alert the driver when they detect any danger. in the article it says, gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the car has many sensors that allows it to detect any danger so the driver is alert about it. they are working on improving sensors, which means they will be safer, and the driverless cars will be able to handle more driving tasks. even though the cars are driverless, they still alert the driver when they are needed to take over. many times the road may require human skills, so the driver will need to take over. in the article it says, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigation through roadwork or accidents. even though many people would want the car to be completely driverless, that may still be very helpful. it can prevent some accidents from happening, in case the car isnt able to function correctly during those conditions. the manufacturers are trying to make driverless cars a safe as possible. they have many sensors to alert the driver when there are signs of danger. in the article it states,  such diplays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over, something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern. as it says in the article, safety is a big concern. in case of danger the driver will be notified, therefore many accidents may be prevented. driverless cars could change the world in many ways, and they could be very helpful. there are many ways in how they will be helpful, and some of them are because they can alert drivers when they detect danger, they notify the driver when they need to take over, and they are working on making the driverless cars as safe a possible. those reasons support the idea that driverless cars could be a big change in the future, which is why they should be developed.