who is at fault when the technology fails and someone is injured? when there are positive aspects and negative aspects of dirverless cars, one should think about who will take responsibilities. driving driverless cars could be seen as advantage to some but could also be seen as disadvantage for some. i believe that driving driverless car is more dangerous than todays car. the cars could have postive aspects such as the speed and the fuels uses. the cars could have negative aspects too. in paragraph , the article stated that the gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vihicle is in danger of backing into an object. if we can make an example, people could have not notice the vibrate if they dont sit at the dirver seat.they could be resting at the back of the car while the car is driving it self. on the same paragraph, it also said that manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. i think installing cameras inside someones car is unneccessary because everyone has privacy that they want to protect. driving driverless could be advantage for many people. the cars would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. that is something that would be able to change the world. the car can handle dirivng functions at speeds up to  mph. sensors being advanced could be advantage to this driverless car. the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power fromt he engine. that could help the human driver to control when they are managing it alone. driving driverless could be dangerous as the founder of the google car project stated. the car would not need driver but drivers still need to control it. now, that is not something that could be called as driverless car. paragraph  stated special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. the car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to alert the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. then, this means the people who drive must remain aleart all the time. this had lead to questions on peoples safety. ultimately, there could be postiive and negative aspects of driverless cars. many people may have felt more relief because they do not have to worry about speeding up more than they used to. in other way, there may be people who opposed to this idea. they may felt like there are more dangers in it. i believe that safety is a big concern when it comes to driving. the questions that is still lingering is that who will take responsibiites when accident happens.