everybody knows the future is coming and its already happened to some of us. driverless cars however, is not at all a good idea for the future what so ever. you can never one hundred percent trust technology, no matter what the case is. driverless cars are not fully finished, are not truly driverless, and are very unsafe. driverless cars are not even finished. as stated in the text, these smart road systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. they are very expensive to have all this technology put into the cars. most of all they can actually steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but only that. it also states that mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by the year , which actually means that we are  years away from the real thing that is unless they release earlier or later. to add on, the driverless cars are not at all truly driverless. the car requires humans to do human skills in case the car is having difficulty. as quoted in the th paragraph, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. if the cars were truly driverless then why does it require humans to do work. although, i have to agree that humans need to do all  of the work in any type of car no matter what the condition. driverless cars are very unsafe. you can never completely trust technology no matter how long you have had it or its been in your life. so many humans in the world text and drive now so imagine how bad it will be once driverless cars appear in the future. if the driver is texting and the car needs human skills to navigate through an unknown or unfamiliar terrain, the driver will have no clue because he or hers face will be stuck in a phone or some other type of handheld device. driverless cars are a not the brightest idea because they are unsafe, not truly driverless, and are incomplete. everyone needs to focus on driving and the road and not in their cell phones while on the road. dont be that person that everyone is cautious about because you are unsafe and not cautious. be safe and dont get a driverless car, get a normal car.