keeping the electoral college would be the best choice. selecting the electors,the meeting for the president and vice president,and the counting of electoral votes by congress is a better idea than  percent of voters prefering a direct election to kind we have now. i understand that under the electoral college system,voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors,who turn elect the president. if you lived in texas for instance and wanted to vote for john kerry youd vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to kerry,on the offchance that those electors won the statewide election they would go to congress and kerry would get  lectoral votes. each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. the electors are generally chosen by the candidates,s political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their reponsibilities are. at the most basic level the electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winner take all system in each state,canidatdes dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. election by popular vote for the president of the united states obama received . percent of the electoral votes compared to only . percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney becausw almost all states award electoral votes on a winner take all basis even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral vote victory in that state. a tie in a nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes  is an even number,but it is highly unlikely but each party selcts a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. yet that has happened very rarely. it happened in , when gore had more popular votes than bush yet fewer electoral votes,but that was the first time since  thats happened. there are five reasons for reraining the electoral college despite its lackof democratic pedigree all practical reasons not liberal or conservative reasons. a disput ove routcome of an electoral college vote is possible it happened in  but its less likley than a dispute over the popular vote.