the future is full of new and exciting technologies, including the driverless car. the idea of a car that can drive itself is exciting, but also very dangerous. although there are precautions the companys have taken to prevent accidents, something could always happen, and no company has found the answer to who is at fault if there is an accident. driverless cars may seem like an exciting new way to travel, but there is not a way for the driver to completely relax. the driverless cars cannot drive where there is not a smooth course. if there is construction work or an accident the car can not drive, and requires the skills of a human, which makes the name driverless car falsely stated. the way the cars alert the driver that their assitance is needed, is just by annoucing that the driver needs to take over. this way of getting the drivers attention may not always end in success if the driver is distracted and not paying attention to the car or the road. why not have a human drive instead? the driver has to always be alert and ready to take over in a driverless car, so why not just drive normally? it does not make sense for a driver to sit in a car and wait until they have to take over and drive, and that drive may only take five minutes. it is pointless to have a computer drive and to have the person in the drivers seat be alert. driverless cars are also making it fun to drive in a car where a person is not needed nighty percent of the time. some manufacturers are planning to bring in car entertainment systems, which is another distraction to drivers on the road. also, not needing to drive gives people more opportunites to be on their cellphones, read road signs, or look at the scenary instead of the road. all of these distractions are giving drivers more reasons to not pay attention to the road, and will prevent them from taking over the car when the computer can no longer drive. driverless cars are dangerous, but they do bring some goods to the table. driverless cars are estimated to only use half of the fuel that regular cars use today, which can help the environment immensely. they are a new and exciting way to travel and get around, and if all the drivers are paying attention, can prevent accidents because of the sensors and cameras. driverless cars are exciting, but they are dangerous and have never been tested in real situations, like a family going on vaction, or someone going to work. the outcomes are unknown, something can always go wrong, and no manufacturers know who will be blamed when something does go wrong. the cons outweigh the pros, driverless cars are dangerous and cannot be trusted to handle situations if a driver is not paying attention. driverless cars should not be developed and sold.