you are standing infront of a classroom with thirty to fourty students in it and they are all blankly staring at their computer screens or at you. you can not decifer what those students are feeling because of the blank looks you are reciving from them. now imagine if you could understand the feelings of all of the students in the classroom, that is what the new technology facial action coding system is enableing computers to do. this technology could become very helpful in the classroom. i belive that the new technology would be very helpful in the classroom. this technology would allow teachers to understand the emotions that the students in their classroom are going through. also it would alow for teachers to know if the students were becomeing bored or confused by the work that the techer is having them do. another positive about this new technology is that if a teacher has a student in their class that is going through a hard time or the student just needs someone to talk to but is afraid to speak up then this technology could help the teacher to figure out how to help the student. in the article it is stated that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or board. that shows that while in the classroom a student could get help from the techer, if the techer is able to tell that the student is confused. also in the article it is said that most human communications is nonverbal, including emotional communication. that shows that most students do not verbally express how they are feeling inside or outside the classroom setting. this technoliogy could help teachers to be able to understand what their students are going through if they are not able to verbally communicate it. there are many benifits to allowing this new technology to read the emotions of students. the two main benifits are that students who are not able to verbally comunicate their feelings could get there feelings out, and teachers would be able to tell when their students have become confussed or bored with and assingment.