emotions are things that gets projected everyday through facial expression. sometimes those feelings overwhelm a person and it contributes onto life decisions they have to make. it plays a big role onto what they do next and how it is being done. but those facial expression projected can be used to help students in the classroom. technology created to be used in order to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. it can contribute to the way a student is learning or if theyre even learning at all. according dr huang, she predicted that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor dalto . facial expressions can be used to identify how a person is feeling. so when the lesson is modified and changed due to a student becoming confused or bored then it can actually attract the student back into learning. this technology can raise the attentionative students give to the lessons if theyre actually able to understand and enjoy being able to do so. the technology may not be able to decode different emotions. it states in the article that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication... so computers need to understand that too dalto . the way computers are programed isnt always accurate. this computer wiring can identify the wrong emotion causing the wrong modification onto the lesson. this can cause more confusion among the students causing them to disregard the whole purpose of the lesson. although computers are not always  accurate all the time it is still possible to be able to change that and create improvements. as you read artist such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code dalto . this provides proof onto how individuals can take what they do in real life and apply it into technology. each day technology is improved due to mistakes that occur in the past. if mistakes dont occur then they wont know where to evolve. the improvement in this type of technology can be able to identify more expressions which can play a big role into the classroom enviorement. it can contribute into ways of hooking the student onto the lesson and actually keeping that attention there and no where else. reading facial expression can be taken into technology to create an innovention to provide us with better learning and education. the way students learn by the education being provided is only valuable if theres contributing factors to help make it easier.