would one like to be a seagoing cowboy? well its a bad idea to be a seagoing cowboy. well first, one has to be on sea for a couple weeks. then one also has to responsibe for taking care of animals. and lastly, one needs to be careful on a cattle boat. being a seagoing cowboy is a bad, dangerous, and horrible idea. first, a seagoing cowboy has to travel all around the world. does one really wants to be sea sick? well a seagoing cowboy needs to be on a cattle boat for maybe about two weeks or maybe more across the ocean. and one needs to worry about the dangers of the sea. lastly, one needs to take night shifts for a couple reasons. what about the rest they need of being so busy? in conclusion, being a seagoing cowboy is about dealing with the sea. so, not only the sea is a bad idea for a job, but also taking care of the animals. a seagoing cowboy is not only traveling, but also taking care of the animals. first, a seagoing cowboy has to take night shifts just for taking care of the creatures. one needs to check on all the animals every hour as well. furthermore, one needs to feed them every two or three times a day. whos going to clean the ship after the animals eat? next, one needs to give them water as well as a plants, animals, and seagoing cowboys needs water. so, does one really want to be dealing with the animals and the care they need? not only being a sea cowboy is a terrible idea, but also taking care of themselves and the boat. sometimes a sea cowboy can be tough, but they also need to be careful of what theyre doing. did one hear of how luke hurt himself? well he had a report from his captain and slid down a slippery ladder. why was it so slippery? well he was on a boat with water surrounding it! and if one slipped and cant swim, and went in the water...well that one person will be at the bottom of the dark atlantic sea. but luke cracked his ribs just from sliding down on a slippery lader on his backside. one also needs be careful of whats ahead of them. the dangers of the sea, the water, and other people who are going to want to stop a seagoing cowboy from saving a country. so why be a seagoing cowboy? in conclusion, a seagoing cowboy will need to take care of themselves of being injured or sea sick, animals, and what a seagoing cowboy will have ahead of them. so dont be a seagoing cowboy who might be at a great risk. next, dont be at th bottom of the sea. another, reason for being a seagoing cowboy is because one doesnt want to be frustrated of taking care of couple of animals. and please dont be on a cattle boat if one doesnt want to clean what animalspeoples left overs. these are the reasons why being a seagoing cowboy is a terrible, horrible, bad idea.