making a claim is something we do almost everyday in our lives. many are proven false or true, many are too absurd to ever be true, many dont have actual support, and quite a few are actually good claims. a majority of these come from science, as claims are usually just explanations there, but there are some that are more in line with what we think is a claim. some of those are for stuff like space, time, other galaxies, even other planets in our solar system. in this case, were looking at a claim about why people are trying to learn about venus, the evening star. firstly, how about the claim itself, and how well does it end up? the claim is stating that venus is a worthy target for studying, despite any of the dangers. the most suitable answer to this is curiosity. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. that is some pretty good evidence, and a later part in the article the claim is made in states that it will likely lead us into many other endeavors that are as equally intimidating. good evidence, reasonable claim, its all there. secondly, what else supports the claim, as well as my claim on it? our past is still full of mystery, and yet we still pursue it. the past of another planet taking that role isnt too far off the charts. the last paragraph states that we will be led to more endeavors because of our curiosity, not just because we met the challenge. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. we do it because we want to, because of how nature works. we set our goals, then strive to meet them. even if the goals werent set by ourselves, a goal is a goal, and striving to meet them is the best we can do. finally, what dangers are looked at, and what are some solutions? the article puts the dangers of venus pretty well. venus is inhospitable, with a very thick atmosphere, over eight hundred degrees fahrenheit at the surface, and much more pressure than the deepest parts of our oceans. what we have come up with to get past this so far is to stay a safe distance away and study the surface. new oppurtunities open up as machines get made out of different metals that melt harder, using different boards for electronics, or even going back to early technology and using stuff like gears. mechanical parts dont need electricity, compared to the stuff we use today. so, yeah, that about wraps up the stuff related to that claim. venus may be inhospitable, but that doesnt stop our curiosity from asking questions and our determination from trying to answer those questions. the claim about venus being a worthy pursuit? it turns out well, and is definitely a really interesting question to ask. while we may not think about other planets often, it is definitely very interesting to learn about places like this evening star.