throughout history, different types of exploration and discoveries have made an impact on what we know today. this new knowledge has allowed us to progress overall as a society and learn from our mistakes. in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite its dangers through the uses of facts and examples. first, the author refers back to the failed, unmanned missions that have been sent to venus. the passage notes,. . . no aircraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. by stating that no one has survived this trip, the author is trying to invoke the feeling of the unknown in the readers mind. no one has stepped foot on this planet making it fresh terrian for knowledge and exploration. this evidence backs up the claim that studying the planet would be worth while because nasa has been learning through their failed missions of how to advance in technology. later in the text, to further the argument, pargraph  states,. . . temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater then what we experience on our own planet. through the use of this fact the actuality of the differences of earth and venus come into perspective. the dangers of this planet should motivate people rather then drive them away because of what they can teach the people of earth to with stand in drastic situations such as space travel. second, the authors use of examples also contributes to why venus is a worthy pursuit despite its dangers. paragraph  states,imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landsacpe. by telling the readers to imagine the thought of exploring a dangerous planet doesnt seem so crazy after all. the reasoning of being able to exist above the surface of the dangerous planet would allow for human inhabitance and exploration from a closer and safer view. this is nescesary because humans can benefit from the new area and figure out new ways of coexisting with the planets dangers and overcoming them. through the uses of facts and examples the author of the challenge of exploring venus explains how studying venus would be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. this pursuasive argument is repetitivly supported througtout the article and is a powerful source of influence.