source  in german suburb, life goes on with out cars. well the advantages of limiting car usage is that you can walk to stores that are closer near by, without the need to turn on your car. mostly the primary car limiting factor is for not to pay for gasoline and gasoline taxes. in the united states the eviromental protection agency is promoting car reduced comunnitiues to limit cars all around the world. the goverment expects buses and taxis to play a much better role on giving trasportation to citizens that cannot afford a car. the goverment says that  of the bills payment by them is going to fix highways and that only  of the other bills they use it for transport. source  paris bans driving due to smog paris enforces a driving ban to clear the air of the global city. motorist with numbered licensed plates were ordered to leave their cars at there house or pay a fine of . for this enforces over , drivers were fined. more than  peoplae got theit cars impounded for their reaction to the fine of paris. diesel fuel company was blamed since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. diesel fuel company makes up  of vehicles in france. for this kind of behavior delivery companies complained for loss of buisness. source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota bogota and colombia set out as a program to spread out the carfree day leaving the sreets of this capital city clear of no traffic jams. the goal for this countries is to promote traspotantion and reduce the smog. the violators for these rules are going to be charged with  fine. uneven sidewalks have been replaced by broad smooth sidewalks, rush our restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upsacle shopping districs have croped up. source  the end of the car culture president obama ambitious goals is to curb the united states green house gas emmisions. some recrent studies suggest that americans ar buyinga few more cars than usual, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by.