driverless cars were once just a concept, however with growing technology this concept is becoming a reality. the ideas of completely autonomous cars could never be fulfilled because of the lack of technology in the past. today, our technology has grown with the development of various gadgets that could aid in the introduction of autonomous cars to the world. i believe the idea of driverless cars can become a reality and i am not opposed to it. however, there are issues that need to be ironed out before this idea can become a reality. first of all, the prices of these cars may not be very low, in fact, they most likely will be extremely expensive due to all of the technology being applied to the vehicles. in accordance with these high prices, the amount of consumers purchasing these cars may be very little. if there is a small amount of people in driverless cars, this means that there is a large amount of people driving themselves. this introduces the question of human error. although the idea seems ideal, you have to put into account the fact that there will be human and driverless car interaction on the roads. the question i prompt is whether these cars will be able to handle situations in which there is human error. if the developers of this product can think of a way to prevent encounters of human error, i would fully support their ideas. the idea of driverless cars is a reality that i think should come true, under the circumstances that they are completely safe. currently these cars require a small amount of human action, for example the cars require someone to control them when driving in conditions that need more maneuvering than the car can handle on its own. if the cars can become completely autonomous, perhaps they can be an invention that could solve a plethora of problems. for example, traffic. these cars could greatly reduce commutes to peoples jobs or schools and much more. the reasoning behind this is that traffic is almost always due to accidents occurring in busy areas. these cars can reduce the amount of human error on the roads by reducing the amount of humans driving on the roads. these cars could increase the safety of everyone on the road. in addition to safety, drivers hand would be open much more often allowing them to be productive on their commutes, however, if complete autonomy is not achievable, drivers must remain focused on the roads at all times. the article suggests that these cars could reduce the amount of gas being consumed suggesting a way for consumers to save money over time, adding to the list of pros autonomous cars can provide. although the idea of autonomous cars seems far fetched, it is actually in the near future. perhaps one day the whole world will be operating on driverless cars. today, there are cars that are extremely close to driving completely on their own, imagine in the future when these cars are able to achieve complete autonomy. this future you are imagining is not that far away, in fact, it is almost here.