dear senator, the electoral college has existed for many years till now and has been used to elect the presidents of the united states of america, clearly this form of electing a president is outdated. senator, you must change the electoral college and replace it with popular vote because the electoral college is unfair, and irrational. senator you must change the electoral college and replace it with popular vote because it is unfair. this is true because under the elecoral college system voters vote not for the president but for a state senator who in turn elects the president. for example a person living in texas that wanted to vote for john kerry would have to vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to kerry. on the offchance that those elctors won the statewide election, they would go to congress and kerry would then recieve his  electoral votes. because of this system voters cant control who the electors vote for, and sometimes voters get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate. the electoral college isnt only unfair to the voters but also to the men and women who are competing in the elections, for example in the  u.s presidential race al gore recieved more individual votes than george w. bush nationwide, but bush won the election, recieving  electoral votes to gores  electoral votes. this is why you must replace the electoral college mr. senator. at the most basic level, the electoral college is irrational to voters. because of the winner take all system in each state candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on swing states. seventeen states didnt see the candadates at all, and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaing add. the electoral college is irrational because given that many voters vote one party for president and another for congress, the house of representatives can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people, and if an electoral tie seems unlikely, consider this senator in  a shift of just , votes would have deadlocked the election, in  a tie would have occured if a mere , voters in ohio and , voters in hawaii had voted the other way. the election is only a few swing voters away from a catastrophie. this is why you must replace the electoral college due to its irrationalism. its quite clear state senator, the electoral college is unfair and irrational, the best arguements in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. and the arguements against direct elections are spurious at best. this is why you must abolish the electoral college. thank you