the passage, driveless cars are coming, is an article explaing the topic of drivreless cars in the future. this passage explains how companies are creating driverless cars and explains how they will work. the author shows the readers the positive and negative aspects of driveless cars. although there are multiple ways drivreless cars are helping society, they should not be made. driverless cars may help people, but they are not proven to be all the way safe and they make it harder for the driver to stay focused. driverless cars make it harder for the driver to stay focused on the road. drivreless cars still need a driver just in case of an emergency. google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. so what roadblocks lie ahead for the autonomous car?. even though the author is referring to google driverless cars, he wants to know how other driverless cars will be similar or different from the other driverless cars. what happens if the driver is not focused when the car alerts them. the author says, manufacturers are also considering using camera to watch that the driver are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. the author is explaining how they will keep the driver focused, using technology. since the cameras watch and alert the driver, what happens if the camera is not working that day? what if the driver was texting? what will happen to the driver? how will they stay focused? the driverless cars have postive aspects, but are not proven to be safe. the authors explains how the law is focused on keeping them safe. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieves with alert drivers. presently,traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. the author is explaining how safety is acheived when humans are in control of the car no matter what. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. the author is explaing that since driverless cars are not proven to be safe, they are illegal in most states.still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in case of an accident. if technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer?. the author is showing the reader the conflict between the driver and the cars. driverless cars have multiple positive aspects, but they will not help society until more evidence shows that they are proven to keep the driver focused and proven to keep the driver and others safe. people may argue that there should be driverless cars to make the society a better place, but driverless cars do not have enough evidence to prove to keep the driver focused and keep the the driver and other people safe. yes, companies and automakers are continuing to work so that they are proven safe. for example, tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. the author is explaining how they are working to keep the people safe. but until they have found a way so that the cars are completely reliable and until they have solved the problems completely, there should be no driverless cars.