carfree cities the advantages of limiting car usage is extremely worth it, because the car brings stress to you and your not that social. walking or jogging or riding a bike can increase your lack in your social life. driving can increase the pollution in the air. in source  paris bans driving due to smog, robert duffer says cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. also in source , elisabeth rosenthal states while there have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and batter for walking, planners are now talking the concept to the suburbs... vauban, home to , residents within a rectangular square mile, may be teh most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life. carfree day in bogota is set to spread to other countries, a day millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work. this day has been going on for its rd straight year, violators faced a  fine. reducing car usage helps stress and lowers air pollution. in source , in german suburb, life goes on without cars says in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. alot of places are seeming to want to reduce car usage, for the better of peoples daily lifes and the air source full of pollution. in source , some people to the age  have no license or even asked for one even though they live in a place where it could come in handy, they are interested but its not a priority. also there has been a large drop in the percentage of  to  year olds getting a license, while older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age, mr. sivaks research has found. this section has also states a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and .. at the end of source , the end of car culture it says.. he proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and in prove safety. having a car comes in handy but driving somewhere you could have walked to is pointless in gas and expecially gas prices you need to consider and it causes stress to the human mind. these  sources in text evidence have proven that cars and driving will cause stress and air pollition. to limit the air pollution and stress level of your life, start walking to close stores and communities that you may have to go too. reduce your car driving use and maybe your stress level will be maintained by your way in how you choose to change how you live.