the evening star as the author from the challenges of exploring venus is another name for venus. venus known for being inhospitable to humans has been subjected to debate if we should send more explorations to the planet the author of this article thinks so. the author debates that the value of going to venus is worthy despite the dangers and obsticles we face. a point that the author provides is that earth is similar to venus and that we should conduct further studies on the planet. a point that the author makes quite often to show that we can learn about our planet based off learning from venus, today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys mountains and craters exploring venus. from this peice of evidence it is clear that the author is trying to establish a link between earth and venus, that venus is very similar to us so it is worth exploring. another example of the author connecting earth and venus is when the author writes about what could of been on venus long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth exploring venus. the wrtitter of this story specifically said just like earth because his goal is to establish the scientific evidence that could be gained from going to venus because it is similar to earth. furthermore the another reason that nasa should send a manned mission to venus is that it may be the only chance at a expodition to another planet. the author provides information on how close venus is and how this can be crucial occasionally the closest in distance too. earth, venus, mars, our other planetary neighbor orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mean that sometimnes we are closer to mars and other times venus exploring venus. the author provided this information to follow up with another quote that comes in a later paragraph. the author follows up on this saying that venus is our the closest planet to us and that going some place closer will lessen space time travel venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit a curcial consideration given the long time frames of space travel exploring venus. this is crucial to have considering that many other planets our very far away making them harder to get to and making them more expensive missoins. so when venus is closer this will increase the support of a trip to evaluate venus because it will be less expensive and easier to get to then a normal space exploration. how do we finally explore venus if its worth the pursuit the author describes this as being a challenge but one that we must overcome to explore venus. one way that nasa can over come overcome the challenge of exploring venus is by using technology that is old bulky but most importantly strong. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions exploring venus. this is an important peice of information the author provides to over come the challenge of going to venus and that we can be saved by technology from the past. another way nasa could send astronauts to venus is through a giant blimp in the upper atmosphere of venus a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roling venusian landscape exploring venus. a blimp is very helpful when it comes to not burning alive on the surface of venus because it is to hot but this approach according to the author also has some set backs. researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientist seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal exploring venus. this is important to know considering that the authors main point is that we need to actually explore venus but this hinders us to actually do so which ultimately defeats the whole purpose. in concluison venus is a chaotic and hot place unable to support life but the planet is also worth exploring. the author of the challenge of exploring venus insist that going to venus instead of other planets is worth it because the value of going to venus is worth it despite the challenges we face going there, the author presents this claim by explaining that, it is similar to earth so we can learn about our planet as well as venus. also venus is close so this can save time traveling to it and that we have to overcome challenges to get their but it is ultimately worth going.