exploring the v! have you wondered what it would be like to land on a planet that is very dangerous to the human life? theres a planet called venus and its very dangous to explore because of all the diffrent planet fetures that planet earth doesnt have. venus is very dangerous to human life because of its tempatures, its amospheres, and the surface of the planet. venus is a planet that human life can never set foot on because if its tempatures. in paragraph  line  the author says on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the human life form couldnt handle that much heat. in paragraph  line  the author states  these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. none of are planets in are solar system have the kinda heat as venus does. venuses atmostphere is really dangerous to humans. in paragraph  line  the sentence contiuses and says and the atmosphere pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. the atmoshereic presure is really strong on venus as well. in paragraph  line  the author says such an evironment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. this planet is pernounsed as the hardest planet to study. the surface of venus is rough. in paragraph  line  the author says beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. venus is really like earth, but has alot of diffrences as well. in paragraph  line  the author says  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and coad have suppoted various forms of life, just like earth. venus could have had other forms of life in are solar system, but we will never know. venus is a hard planet to study and exam. nasa is trying to find new ways so we can get astronots on the none life planet. they have tried to land on venus with some rowbots but the tempature is to high and melted the metal of all of the robots. one day we will be able to land on venus and posable live on that planet that evryone thought no one would ever be able to step foot on. venus will be a liveable planet one day. we all are going to keep working on was to live on it. one day we will find out.