the future is a huge thing that manny people plan on having to be big. new technology, devices, transportation, homes, and many other things that make life easy will eventuually be turned into something more advanced. in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. as for my opinion, i believe these driverless cars should be made even with a few difficulties, these cars are possible to be driven as the future developes. as the article begins, it asks, can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore? and when i think about that question, my response is, yes. i could imagine a time, the time of the future, where everything is advanced and especially the use of transportation. the article explains how others have been fascinated of driverless cars as well and quotes, television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves. car companies started to wondering on how to create driverless cars and many start off with computer driven cars or something simple. in the late s, general motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. engineers at berkeley tried something similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity. these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. not many were successful but that didnt stop other companies from trying. for any type of car, safety was the most important thing and driverless cars will obviously have that as well. as cars began to advanced, so did their safety. sensors were created, video cameras on the rearview mirror and many other kind of sensors. sensors are nothing new, of course. in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheel in the creation of antilock brakes. within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontril skids or rollovers. the creation of new cars were in the minds of many engineers and even until now many more ideas are being brought, tested and invented. further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. driverless cars are possible and clearly can be safe to use. many are just waiting on the law for the approval. as soon as these cars are able to be used, the future is creeping its way up on huamanity. many are being tested and its only a matter of time for the future to happen and i could imagine how the world will be with driverless cars.