in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the danger it presents because of how much stuff they accomplished. they dont want to just give up on the stuff they worked really hard and accomplsied on. its thier lives work. would you want to give up on something you have worked really hard on? one of the reason, they are not givng up is because they think there was once life on that planet. in paragraph , it stats that long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. there could still be another planet thats livable. it also stats that today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. even today as we speak venus has features jsut like earth does. another reason, they are not giving up is because of how hard nasa is working to study that planet and to send someone up. in paragraph  it stats that the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. as for that they want to study hard and want more information about the planet. they also want to see if the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. they want to study the atmosphere thats in the planet. third reason, they are not giving up is because nasa is working on other stuff to studying venus. in paragraph  it stats that some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. as for that they wasting millions of dollers for machines that they can bring out in outerspace. they are starting to use old technologies. it stats that another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. they are assuming since those old technology helped in the war it might as well help them. in conclusion, we shouldn just respect the people who are trying to find new species. we should just appreciate what they are doing for us and see the brightside in people. as said in paragraph  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. let our imagination run wild as we seek it to be. there is always hope in other ppanets too.