the author supports this idea very well by doing excellent research on venus such as its atmosphere that includes carbon dioxide blankets and clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid and also adds the temperature of the planet venus that averages over  degrees farenheit. its good that author includes these details to let us know of the obstacles that we must surpass to explore venus and another major reason the author uses to support the idea of exploring venus despite the danger. is how the terrain and landscape of venus is so simliar to our planet earth. venus has a surface of rocky sediment and includes valleys, mountains and craters. the author also states that venus could be our nearest option for planetary visit. the author also includes solutions and options on how to overcome the dangerous obstacles of the planet venus such as nasas possible solution which is a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the landscape of venus giving scientists the option to float above the fray. this would allow the vehicle to hover and avoid the deadly and unfriendly ground conditions that is the surface of venus but this vehicle would make it difficult to gain insight on ground or surface conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmospehere. this would make rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective and most importanly the author states that researchers cant take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance and to understand venus and its nature. a mission would have to be up close and personal and the author states that these risks are merely challenges and states that many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. the author supports the idea of studying venus despites its dangers and risks very well by including solutions and options on how to explore venus safely and another approach on how to explore venus safely from nasa is the use of simplified electronics made of slicon carbide that have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and amazingly have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project the author includes is the use of mechanical computers and these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world ii. these devices require no electrictonics at all and can almost certainly survive the the harsh conditions of venus. as the author states and suggests that systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. in conclusion the author supports the idea of exploring venus very well by including the problems and obstacles and by also including the devices and projects that can used to solve these problems and obstacles such as vehicle like blimps, electronics made of silicon carbide and mechanical computers. that all are made of specific materials that are made to survive the harsh conditions of venus that include carbon dioxide blankets, clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid, extremely hot temperatures, eruping volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. all in all the author supports his passion and idea of exploring venus very well. including informative information and supporting evidence to support his ideology of exploring venus.