learning and curiosity are what keep the human race moving foward and contiually evolving. through this, humans created the ultimate technology, the computer. computers help with almost everything humans do in their lives, and now there is technology that can decipher the most untouched part of humans, emotions. the technology called facs facial action cofing system, can figure out what a person is feeling and do many things with that information. this technology would be valuble because it would help inmprove the quality of learning in the classroom. i believe this because it can help bring back the attention of bored students, figure out problems with students, and figure out the most beneficial way for each student to learn. first of all, this technology could keep students engaged in their learning experience. most students drift off during class because the material they are being taught isnt being taught in an interesting way. in paragraph , the text states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. this shows that a computer could easily recognize when a student becomes uninterested in the lesson theyre being taught and what that lesson is about. being able to discover when a student has become disengaged with their learning could help teachers turn the attention of that student back to what they were supposed to be learning. another reason allowing this technology to read students emotions would be beneficial is because computers would be able to understand more than just verbal human communitation. according the the text, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. computers are so ingraned in daily life that almost everything that people do involves some type of technology. if they were able to read the emotions of students, teachers could catch problems before they even happened. for example, if a student was becoming depressed, they might not reach out to anyone for help, but a computer could recognize the constant sadness on the students face and contact someone who could help resolve the situation. that is just part of the reason that this technology, which could read students emotions, is extremely valuble. finally, this technology could be helpful in the classroom by learning, by its self, the specialized interests of each specific student. if a student was more interested in one learning style than another, the computer could recognize the facial cues of the student and ajust properly. the text states, ...if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar as might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. that could be easily modified to fit into the classroom. instead of ads, the computer could display a certain type of learning, such as flashcards. if the student enjoyed using flashcards, then the computer could remember that and display flashcards as the initial method of learning in the future. however, if another student was shown flashcards as a learning method and the computer recognized facial cues that showed dislike or disinterest, it could change the learning method to something else, like matching. by reading the emotions of students in the classroom, a computer could figure out the most beneficial way for a student to learn. in conclusion, this technology has so many potential benefits if it were to be used in the classroom. it can help bring back the attention of bored students, figure out problems with students, and figure out the most beneficial way for each student to learn. teachers would finally be able to get students interested in learning again instead of having kids dread waking up in the morning because its time for another day of the same old thing. having computers in the classroom that can read the emotions of students in the classroom could reignite a passion for leaning that many kids lost the moment they walk in the classroom door.