dear florida senator, im a young student, and no i dont have much of a background in political ideas or things, but i know we should keep the electoral college. this old process was created to make electing a president easier and faster, which i believe it does. now, the electoral college has  electors, but a majority of  electoral votes is required to elect the president. some will argue that we arent voting for a president but were voting for the people, or electors, behind them. i would say that they arent wrong, but we arent just voting for those electors, we are voting for the whole idea behind their campaiging. we dont vote for the person, we vote for the idea that person agrees to carry out. by having this process, we can focus on getting swing states votes. the votes of these states matter the most, in my opinion, because they are likely to swing at any minute. as said in  in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president , swing states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign, to really listen to the competing candidates, knowing that the are going to decide the election. this helps avoid runon elections because the small states are likey to just vote for the most popular president, knowing their vote wont really make a difference. most states have a winnertakeall system that gives all of the electors to the winning candidate. however, there are a few states that have variation with the proportional representation idea. the winnertakeall system actually works really well. other parts of the electoral college has its problems but not this one. with this process it makes it easy to give all of the votes to one person, this means all of the state will be on the same page and not fighting with itself. this process v. proportional representation, is better in my opinion because its quicker and helps make the presidental process one step easier. and lastly, its a tradition to use the electoral college. the pedigree for this process was created a really long time ago by some of the most outstanding leaders in our country. the article  what is the electoral college?  states that, the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. the process we created as the united states, has its up and downs but it is one of the longest standing traditions we have. hopefully you take my letter in to consideration. thank you for reading. yours truly, a young student