its a bird! no, its a plane! no, its a car! what would the world be like with driveless cars? can you picture it? the world has been toying with this theory for some time now. in fact, the theory has already taken a course of action. for example, google has had cars that could drive independently since . although driveless cars are a good factor, they do come with a certain amount of negative aspects. in my opinion, i think driveless cars are totally unneccesary. one thing that proves they are is that they require so many sensors. instead of pitching the idea of smarter roads, manufacturers focused on the concept of smarter cars. sensors give driveless cars the chance to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. for example, googles modified toyota pirus uses all sorts of gadgets but the most important one is the spinning sensor on the roof. this sensor enables laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. sensors are the human form to driveless cars. why have all of this junk to mimic humans when you can just have a human behind the wheel? another example of why driveless cars are not needed is driveless cars arent so driveless. although technology has come a long way, human assistance is still mandantory.the cars can steer, brake themselves, and accerlate, but they are designed to alert the driver when the road ahead requires humanly assistance. for example, the car may alert when help is needed to go through work zones and around accidents. a human driver must be present and ready to take command when a situation presents itself. lastly, driveless cars use money uselessly.some options under consideration are manufacturers using cameras to watch that the drivers are remaining focused on the road. although i understand their end goal i do think this is overrated. drivers should have their own privacy in their car. i think having cameras to watch the drivers like they are children is completley absord. driveless cars are a waste of time and money. drivers are still needed to provide aid to the cars, and we are just wasting electronics and money. although the idea of driveless cars is fun to dream about,they are simply not needed. i have to disagree with the develpment of these cars and say lets stick with what we have.