even though the future will consist of almost everything being computerized in my opinion i dont believe cars will make it as far, in the time they stated in , because driverless cars like stated in the text consist of to much human reliability. so far man have been able to create cars to steer by themselves, accelerate, and brake by themselves. but for the safety and just the state of mind for humans i dont think that cars should or will be as advanced as being displayed and hoped upon. for example, the current information being that so far all these updated cars are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skill. the necessities the car being ready to quickly grapse the driver attention whenever a problem or situation occurs, meaning that even though the car is advanced that drivers still have to remain alert and ready to take over and prepare to put themselves into safety, so whats the point? whenever a problem is to come about the car cant halp or prevent the situation because it has not been programed to do so, it has only made it to the point where it is suppose to warn a driver so of course we cant rely on a driverless car. the question that stands out in the passage is  why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver, because thers no such thing , to me it defeats the purpose. so far theyve only come up with making it fun and entertaining. in my opinion, like everything else in life fun wont insure safety. the only safe car is one with a human driver in control at all times. for these cars to be accepted in the future alot of changes to laws, safety laws and even the way for a street to be made will have to change to coinside to a driveless car. another thing is i dont want the society that i have to be a huge part of to be lazy or to miss out on some of the life changing things, like learning how to drive or being happy when you first get your drivers license or even the excitement of getting a car to be demolished. even though everything in the future will be different i feel as though changing everything is unessicary, people already talk about the upcoming generstion being a threat to society because of computers and so much internet, so what do you think will happen if everything will be done for us. its going to make them even lazier to the point where they dont have to get up and do anything for themselves. for example a current situation being hover boards, people are complaining about those because they say it costs to much, and that it makes us lazier why cant we just walk on our own, and theyre even blowing up and setting fire on people when in a certain situation or temperature to the point to where theyre being band in many places, so whats the difference to driverless cars, to me its just something new and different to put out, it will have the same problems as now, because people always find something wrong with everything rather its made to be helpful or not, and with this being computerizd it has many dangerouse effects to it. in conclusion, i am all for the future to be more futuristic, but i feel like somethings are just to much for no reason and this case being one of them. like many other things created in this world it gets tireing and boring and sometimes not even taken serious after so long. so yes, in my opinion i do feel as though somethings should stay the same instead of made to impress because not everything is made to turn out like thought, and so far they cant even make a car that  doesnt need some type of human reliability so no, the development of these cars will not be to much as a success in my eyes.