many people may think that the face on mars was made by aliens. i believe aliens didnt play a part in the face on mars. in the article unmasking the face on mars there are many details to support my claim. in this article, there are many details supporting my claim that aliens didnt create the face on mars. in paragraph , the author states thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, reaveling . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. this supports my claim because it appeared on the pictures of the jpl website as just a natural landform just like on earth. in paragraph , the author states scientist figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. this supports my claim very much. it supports my claim because it clearly explains that the landform looks like an egyptian pharaoh. it also support my claim because this explains that its just a regular landform that just looks different from all the rest. more eveidence in the article to support my claim was in paragraph . the author states what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or messa landforms common around the american west. this compares the face on mars to a normal landform on earth. this supporting detail is important for my claim beacuse its comparing another landform on a different planet that wasnt made by aliens, to a landform thats the same way. my final supporting detail is in paragraph  also. gavin said  thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. this means that the face on mars couldve been made just as the middle butte was on earth. after these supporting details from the passage, aliens couldnt have made the face on mars. in conclusion, many people thought that the face on mars was a landform made by aliens. i beieved that the aliens didnt make the landform on mars. i think that it was just a shock that a face would appear on this unusual planet!