venus is one of our amazing planets, earths twin, which is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, and one that we may want to look more into despite its dangers. venus has a misleading nickname of evening star, the reason its misleading is because its actually a planet. venus is refered to as earths twin because of the very close similarities in density, size, orbit and closest in distance. although its very similar to earth, its been one of the hardest mission landings. we have never made a human attempt to go to venus, ...no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours, the article states, so there is good reason for not attempting to send humans to our sister planet. numerous factors have made it difficult for us to study the planet, ignoring the proximity of earth and venus, maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades, the article states, it must be very difficult to have a thorough investigation on the planet if we cant even get a spacecraft to land and stay for more than just a couple hours! there are extreme problematic issues that come with venus, making it so difficult to study and examine. the atmosphere is very problematic and too extreme for humanlife, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus, the article explains, now thats just crazy and makes it  times, if not more, more difficult for us! the temperatures and pressure are also extreme factors to take in consideration, ...temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet, the article tells us, and you thought you couldnt stand the pressure of the ocean when scubadiving or even too deep in the pool when swimming. why do we keep suggesting the visits if theres so many darastic measures to take? well astronomers think it could have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, making sense to why it would make for a great space mission, it could be home to some of us in the near future! heres what they say about the planet long ago, ...venus was probably covered with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, which is why making more time for studies of venus could be amazing and maybe even crucial. the article also let us know that our sister planet also has some very earthlike features, like valleys, mountains, surface, craters, etc. maybe making a mission for the planet wouldnt be so bad. venus has a long history and so does earth. theyre sister planets and making the visit to learn more about the future could be our entire future. once earth is totally overpopulated and polluted we can make room and move to venus! doesnt that sound cool? studies now can, and probably will, determine our future and make for a longer humanpopulation.