the authors suggestion about studying venus is a worthy despite of the dangers it presents. exporing venus wouldnt be too bad regardless of the dangers it presents. the author tells us good reasons why it wouldnt hurt to explore venus. striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also becuase human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this shows us that if we took the time to go and explore venus we weould be overcoming a challenge we never thought we would have to. also it helps us see that us as humans going and exploring wed get our curiosity answered ike questions we have about venus for example, how does it look? , how are temperatures different there than in earth?, how is it different from earth, and etc. another reason is , if we think about it venus is kind of our nearest option. in the article the author says ,venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. this shows us that venus is the planet that is closer to us and we could have a higher chance to visit it. also it helps us know that with it being the closest planet for us to visit we can go learn about it and overcome the fear and just go and enjoy it , which if you dont youll just be having questions about venus. lastly, just like how we go and travel we shoud go and explore venus you wouldnt really spend much like you would when you travel and buy yourself a lot of things. in the article the author tells us our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the edges of imagination and innovation. the author is telling us that we shoud just go and travel leave our fears behind being scared to go and explore venus shouldnt scare us, we should just overcome the fear because if we dont go were not going to know exaclty how venus looks were just going to imagine how it looks. also the doubts shouldnt stop us from going the main doubts people would have would probably be like would i get there safe? and would i get back safe? those doubts shouldnt stop us as long as you know you over came your fear and went should make you proud. in conclusion, the authors suggestion that studying venus is worthy despite the dangers it presents is a good idea. due to the reaosns i talked about that the author supported in the article. overcoming your fears is something we face in life eveyday so why not make exploring venus one.