driverless cars are becoming one of the many symbols of a new generation. the thought of possibly no longer needing to buy a car seems to be a very settling thought, not to mention receiving a car that a person wouldnt need to control half of the time. however, while cars today are already becoming expensive the more they evolve, could anyone imagine how much a driverless car would cost? especially if the cars have extremely advanced technology within every one of them? those cars would most likely cost twice as much as our modern cars already do. one of the main factors that would motivate individuals to even consider buying a driverless car is so they can shift the blame to the manufacturer or the car itself, and not take responsibility for themselves if an accident occurs. manufacturers would have to take the heavy burdens for any severe injury, damage, or even death if one small thing goes out of place with the driverless car. driverless cars also seem like an excuse to continue the habit of texting and driving, which is already an issue that kills and injures more and more people every day. texting and driving is already a nasty habit that everyone is still trying to discourage. if these driverless cars really dont require that much attention, enough to allow the driver to text, the habit will be twice as hard to let go of. having alert drivers feels more like a reassurance to safety rather than having nonalert ones that depend on their computer car to ensure other peoples safety. its also likely that something could go wrong in the technology system. who really knows of something malfunctions, breaks, stops working, or everything else in between? technology isnt always the most reliable thing on the planet since it has its many faults. for example, if the seat is supposed to vibrate to alert the driver for attention, will it really vibrate on the first try? will it vibrate on time? how about if the car can accelerate, break, and steer itself? would it be able to all the time? what if it doesnt do one, the other, or any of those things? very serious consequences come with that kind of malfunction. drivers shouldnt be discouraged to purchase a driverless car if they ever come into play in our lives. it will have its cons just like our modern cars do, but theres no doubt that it will have its pros. our environment, laws, and technology would require some serious changing and tinkering if these cars are ever put to actual use. yes, it is illegal in most states to even do as much as test these cars. however, these states might reconsider their decision depending on how safe these cars express themselves to be. these cars, personally, have shown to be quite hazardous and really expensive. who knows? maybe theyll be safer. lets just wait and see.