luke was had just graduated high school and had  part time jobs. one day don, lukes friend came to ask luke if he wanted to travel on a cattle boat to europe. luke knew this was a once in a life time opportunity. luke had said yes and at that moment he had just began an amazing adventure. luke had a very good experience that might have inspired the reader to do the same things. luke was not only traveling in a boat to europe but, he was also helping people get back to good shape because, world war  had just ended leaving them in bad shape. students should be inspired because, luke was helping people get back in good shape. people might also convinced to do the same thing luke did. luke was having a lot of fun traveling around the world on a cattle ship. luke knew this was an amazing opportunity in his life. lukke himself had said that this was an amazing opportunity for a small town boy. he saw so many amazing things in the places he went. luke had mentioned that he had been to europe, china and greece. as luke was on that cattle ship, he was helping people around the world get back to good shape, he was helping society. he was also bonding with animals, he was taking good care of animals. most importantly it seemed like luke was learning about the world and animals on this experience. luke was experiencing how hard work felt. luke, was really busy as they were crossing the atlantic ocean. he had to care of the animals by, feeding them, also giving them water and cleaning their stalls. on his nd trip though he did have a diffcult time because, on a rainy night luke was put as a watchman. he was supposed to check on the animals every hour. he had slipped down the ladder and got hurt. because he couldnt work for a while, luke found some ways to have fun on the ship. he and his friends played baseball and volleyball where the animals had stayed. after luke had been discharged in , luke had made  tripsthe most out of all seagoing cowboys! luke knew from the very beginning that this travel was the very beginning of an amazing adventure. luke had learned alot over his travel. he had been to so many amazing places.he had been part of an amazing adventure to help people, that might have inspiredconvinced to do the same thing.