driverless cars, also known as autonomous cars are dreams from the future. we have all seen them in movies. todays innovations are begining to make autonomous cars a tangible concept. in fact,they are already being designed. driverless cars have been imagined since the general motors concept car. the first autonomous cars were driven by radio signals and magnets, but these things proved to be too impractical. the development of futuristic cars are a contraversial topic. i believe that driverless cars should be developed because they are gasefficient, timesaving, and safer driverless cars save time. during the time spent driving, someone could be doing their homework, or reading a book. drivers can continue their daily life by drinking morning coffee or eating breakfast. drivers would not need to be alert and focused on the street when their attention could be better used elsewhere. instead of the time spent driving they could manage their time. for example, on a roadtrip, the mom could be preparing dinner instead of driving. instead of driving an emt could already be working on an inured person. this time would allow faster medical attention and save lives. these concepts are entirely possible with future innovations. however, is still room for improvement. cars still require human assistance to navigate through tricky areas. gm vibrates the seat and google simply announces it. which brings us to our next topic, gas. gas is an unrenewable resource, meaning once it is depleted, it is gone forever. sergey brin says that the new driverless car will use half of the fuel of a modern day taxi. these cars could change the world. if we consume less fuel, as a result, the fuel will last longer. this will also reduce emissions and pollution. with pollution reduced, the effects of global warming will also be reduced, preserving endangered animals. autonomous cars would allow for time for scientists to search for a new sources of fuel. driverless cars are also more flexible than buses. some people may argue that driverless cars are dangerous. if the car were to malfunction and the passenger is unable to assist, it could result in a crash. the liability is huge, for on whom would the blame be placed? once a perfected model of a driverless car emerges, this danger is eliminated. many accidents are made while the driver is texting, or under the influence. many drivers get distracted. with autonomous cars, these factors do not matter. the car will safely navigate you to your destination no matter what you are doing. automatic functions have already prevented numerous accidents. antilock breaks detect danger and prevent uncontrollable skids or rollovers. maps, sensors, computers, and radars, are innovations we did not have in . at the rate we are learning and inventing new things, driverlesscars will be here in no time. bmws traffic jam assistant can already steer, accelerate,and brake themselves. i support the development of autonomous cars, because they are timesaving, pollutionreducing, and safer.