children in the near future could learn in new and exciting ways! the use of the facial action coding system can help children learn lessons that they may not understand in a classrom with one teaching method. this can be excellent for helping children with special needs, finding out how children learn best, and keeping certain problems at a low. id say that this can be a revolutionary change for the learning process. children with special needs, such as adhd, could be able to learn beter. the machine would be able to read their expression while learning and find a way to keep them on the track they need to go. this could help people with downs too! they could calculate their expression and change the way of teaching to make them better understand what is being taought because some arent too good at communicating verbally. facs could help regular chindren learn better too! they could be taought a small lesson on individual devices with facs on it, while they learn their emotions can be calculated to test to see what way of learning best suits them. they could to this for about  minutes a day with different teaching methods. after a few weeks the computer should know what method works best for each individual student. at that poiont the time taken could teach each student indeviduallly what they need to know in the way that works best for them and can improve test scores. the system can keep troubble or problems at a low. this device could keep the attention of the troubble makers so they dont have to gain attention elsewhere by having lessons that seem to be more fun to the child. it can also tell when a student is lying about important things like bullying and harrassment. facs can help children with drepression too! a big problem with teens and preteens is that the stress of school can cause depression. the article states that pecticing emotions can make u feel that emotion. children can go to a counselor and have their emotion read then have proper exercises to improve their emotion. in conclusion, facs can help multiple probles in the learning space. it can inprove learning for children and those with special needs. it can keep certaiain problems such as troubble making children at a low. it can also help children find a way of learning that best suits them. overall facs cn make the learning environment a better, more fun place.