the facial action coding system enables computer to identify human emotions, but is it a good idea to use in a classroom setting? is the technology even accurate? not every emotion calculated by the machine is accurate, some people may have a great poker face, also as a human being we want our privacy just like the kids. using these machines violates the privacy of the students that want to be left alone. the facial action coding system may not be as accurate as they say it is. in the mona lisa, she is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fear, and  percent angry. this might be accurate, but the author tells the reader that technology gave the mona lisa its reading are based on, some new computer software that can recognize emotions. the software is the latest innovation... paraghraph . this may not be true, what if she is actually  percent mad and  percent happy. new technology always has its flaw no matter how many people did the research. the word new needs to be emphasized, because it might be wrong. you also cant base your findings on what the machine says. the article also says that, each expression is compared against a nuetral face showing no emotion. paragraph  every child has a different face, you have to account to many variables when using this technology. since all children are different, their neutral face is different also, therefore you cannot base a piece of technology on one single face. in school not every kid wants to be part of something, not all children may want the teachers attention, and not all children want to be happy all the time. schools need to take account to the kids that might not want to be bothered by the teacher. some just want to go to school with a blank face and get through the day and get out. the machines will lack the privacy that kids need. everyone wants their privacy, and having technology that scan childrens faces isnt exactle private. schools should be a place where kids can feel safe going. by implementing that technology, you are taking a part of their privacy away, thus the child might not feel safe anymore. the facial action coding system should not be used in a school setting because it is a new technology that may not even be accurate in its reading, and it takes away the privacy of the kids that it is being used on.