my name is kavontae anderson  i am against these driverless cars. the cars are controlled by technology and basically robots. if you have a driverless car they are going to be focused on one thing, and thats getting you to where you hvae to go. that is not the only thing a good driver should be focused on. when you drive, not only do you have to focus on where youre going, you should focus on the other cars around you because you dont know what kind of drivers are out there. the fancy cars may drive by there self and have cameras but will that stop them from getting into an accident? a car can swerve over so quick and the cameras may not even notice. whenever they allow driverless cars in most states, its going to create aot of work for the goverment. you have to create new laws, and you would have to qualify for those laws. the best way to keep it is like we have now. we now have cars that may stop and park on their own, and personally that seems to be enough for me. why would someone want to spend money on a robot car that just drives on its own? the only things thats doing is just making people wanna text while their car is being operated by something they dont even understand. the first reason people will most likely be in danger is the fact that they are going to feel like they dont have to do anything but just sit there. whenever you have to just watch the rode it can get boring and you might wanna watch a movie on your phone but if you look down you might get a warning to take contol and something happens before you can even look up. then whose fault will that be? thats only going to get the car companies sued because the people who bought the cars are gonna be injured and want to blame the car company for warning them too late. cars that require drivers are better, they offer more and if you drive somewhere you can go the way you want to unlike the driverless cars, they might take you a longer way than what you want. if you drive by your self you can take any short cut that you want. gm has created cars that have seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger. some people may get scared easily and a vibrating seat when the car is silent and their mind is on something else can create a panic attack, then what happens? the car and the driver can be at risk all because the seat scared them. i think that if you want to have a driverless car you should just call a taxi so you can sit in the back and have someone else drive for you. if they create driverless taxis that will cause alot of people to lose their job and that will make the crimerate to go up because they might find another job and its gonna make them angry and wanna take their frustration out on other people. when someone buys a driverless car they might have to take a class on that to teach them how to work with the cars operating system and thats doing too much. the point that i am gettin at is that if you need a liscense to drive and they come out with these driverless cars that a waste of your learning skills and people shouldnt even have to go through that if they are going to make you get a driverless car thats so pointless because you should have to have rquirements to operate one, and if they dont have any then i am going to stick with my arguement because self driving is more traditional and thats the way it should be.