people often wonder when the world is going to end will humans need a new place to live? scientists have been researching alternatives to living on earth, such as living on mars or venus. both planets would need some modifications before humans would be able to take residence but both planets are possible alternatives for when earth decides to die. the article the challenge of exploring venus explains some of the difficulties scientists have to deal with when trying to explore venus. the author of this article shows his readers that by using maybe older technology mixed with newer thinking the scientists at nasa might be able to penetrate venus surface long enough to get the samples they need and in return protect the lives of their astronauts. scientists at nasa have been trying to figure out how to penetrate the atmosphere of venus without losing any lives. they have come up with ideas like sending astronauts about  miles above venus to get some samples, the only problem being that getting samples would be next to impossible pararaph . the reason for this being is that the men simply can reach down to the surface becuase the temperatures are over  degrees fahrenheit and the high pressure is enough to crush a submarine into a dime paragraph  not only that but the weather on the surface is absolutley horrendus, presenting errupting volcanoes, earthquakes, and lightening strikes paragraph . these lightening strike have proven a problem for probes sent up to the surface of venus becuase they just get shocked and are no longer of use. luckily for our dying planet though, nasa is working on creating a simple and sturdy machine to go up and collect samples, the last one they tested lasted up to three weeks in their simulaiton of venus paragraph . another way they are modifying these machines is by using older technology becuase it does not require electronics, and without the electronics you get out the risk of lightening destroying the million dollar toy paragraph . a good thing about using mechanical parts versus electronic parts is that mechanical parts are said to be, more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. paragraph . by using mechanical machines nasa can ensure the safety of the astronauts and get the samples they need to discover is venus is in fact, a habitable plantet. the author shows this by explaining how using austronauts simply is not enough and that by combining older technology and newer thinking that scientists at nasa can penetrate venus serface and discover if it is habitable. if nasa combines their thinking with the older, and sturdier technology the advencements they could make would be tremendous. they could discover is venus is habitable and possibly be able to modify it they way they need to so venus can become habitable. if the process does not work with venus they could use their research on mars or possiby other planets in the solar system.