voting falls down into  catagories electoral college and popular vote. if it were up to the citizens to decide how to vote some may pick electoral, but others would pick popular. i would pick popular because it should be up to the citizens to decide on how we vote for our nations leader. if i remember correctly, we the people should have the right to pick our nations president. when using the electoral college system you are voting for the slate of electors who will decide your ultimate vote for president. so really your not voting for the president. but popular vote is a different story. you get to decide who our president will be and your vote counts for something. people need a say on the president and voting the electoral college does not show how many people truly want someone as president. also accordig to electoral vote smaller states dont get as much votes as they should. on the otherhand electoral votes may have an upside. when you vote for president you can help choose states electors which some people would rather do. but each party picks a slate of electors to vote for theyre nominee and those people are very much trusted. also its possible the winner may win electoral votes but not popular vote. all the reasons to use electoral vote are because of the certainity of the outcome, swing states, big states, and because it avoids runoff elections. even though using the electoral vote may please some people i still believe that using popular vote would be the best thing for us. many people before us tried to abolish electoral college and many still do.  what have richard nixon, jimmy carter, bob dole, u.s chamber of commerce, and the aflcio all, in their lifetime, agreed on? answer abolishing the electoral college! . so by not abolishing the electoral college you are ignoring peoples calls to try to vote for themsleves and make up their own mind and desicions that the slate of electors wouldnt understand. so finally i argue in favor of popular vote as the only way to vote.