limiting car usage has great advantages wether you believe it or not. sometimes you dont think about it but you really can do harm to yourselves by polluting the air with the gases that the car releases. there are many advantages to limiting car usage such as reducing smog,improving safety and it gets you active. smog can greatly affect people while they are driving. in bogota, colombia they have a program every year to reduce smog. throughout the whole day people hiked,biked,skated,or took buses to get to their destination. it has been three straight years that cars have been banned in colombia. the goal of this program is to promote alternative transportation and to reduce smog. the plan is so effective that even the rain wont stop the people from participating. this plan is set to spread to other countries. beijing, china is one of the most polluted cities due to smog. paris is said to have more smog than any other european capitals. although it may not seem like it but limiting your car usage can really improve safety. transportation is the second largest source of americas emmisions. everyone knows that transportation is the method of getting from point a to point b.the environment is what gives you oxygen to breath everyday. if the environment is polluted with smog it can cause danger to your health. if you just leave your car for a moment take a walk breath some fresh air you will feel better. there is  percent of vauban families that do not own cars. heidrun walter is one of those persons that do not own a car and he says when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way people can live happily without cars. in the end your safety is improved because you could be saving yourself from a future health risk. indeed if you use a car everyday to get to your destinations you really arent doing anything that gets you active. just how you have a car there are also other methods for you to get to your destinations. you can ride your bike,ride buses,or walk to your destinations too. in the mid s the day without cars began in bogota. if you really think about it cities could be built in which pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial, and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emmisions, and improve safety. this helps you to at least take a walk everyday and it would also stop the pollution to the environment. limiting your car usage can have great advantages. sometimes youprobably just didnt realize it but those advantages could really have an effect in the waqy you live. there are advantages such as reducing smog, improving your safety, and getting you active.