what is the face on mars? is it an extraterrestrial being or form? the face on mars is not something alien like, it is not an egyptian pharoah, and it is not anything other than a simple rock formation that was shaded as though to look like a face by coincidence. it is a landform. as a matter of fact, it is much like those you can find here on earth, and it is normal as you and i. how would finding an ancient civilization on mars be something we would want to hide? it wouldnt! in fact, it would be amazing if we could discover something so wonderful. defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars . if we were able to find something so incredible as that, it would be very beneficial to the nasa program. theres absolutely no reason to hide something so intriguing and beneficial from anyone! now, i see where the confusion may come in. when the first picture was captured back in , it seriously resembled a human head! sadly, the sensation of finding something new lasted only for a short period of time, because it was soon ruled to be just another rock formation, common enough around cydonia . shadows can do funny things, just like they did in this situation. for a short period of time they had us believing that perhaps there was something to be found on mars! we went to cydonia three times, and i promise you there is nothing out of this world about the face on mars. so, you might be wondering what was found on those trips back to mars. well, let me tell you. on the second trip back to mars to capture another picture of the face, it was found that it was simply, like i said, a plain old rock formation  . since some people were not satisfied with the photo, we went back to take another one on a clear day,using the cameras absolute maximum resulotion, and got the best picture taken of the face . the picture proves that the face is no more extraordinary than some of the landforms we have here on earth. now, i know there for a minute we really thought we had something. too bad that after all the research was done, it turned out to be just another everyday kind of thing. i hope you realize now that the face on mars is simply a mesa, a rock formation, a land form, and that we have no reason to hide any discoveries or advances. finding an ancient civilization would be wonderful. maybe someday we will, but the face on mars is not it.