should the world create new driverless cars? the world needs something new i think, i am for the development of these cars. why do i agree with the development of these cars? the world has been driving cars for more than  years, and i think the its time for something new, the world is moving at a rapid speed of new and advanced materials, such as our technology, we need to develope these cars because the world would be up to date to where it has to be. there are a couple reasons why i think these cars should be made! its a new way of traveling and a new of seeing how the world can coast off this invention. think about it, everyone has either talked about wanting to have flying cars or driverless cars, we cant get there if we dont try, from where the world is at right now, it is time for a new spice in the cabinet. if these cars are developed it would only take up half of the gas a regular taxi would usually use, thats less pollution and that would help out the world itself drastically. sensors are on the cars, that gives the car a idea of its surroundings and know where to go. anti lock brakes are there and are always on because just in case of emrgency. at the same time, there are its cons, such as if you were to get injured or to get in a wreck, who is to blame, the car company or the person in the car? if we did end up making these cars, these laws have to be established so everyone knows just in case if they were in an accident. also, why would we want a car that still may need human assistance if its suppose to be a driverless car? that doesnt sound like the american dream, i mean its getting closer but its not where we want to be. us humans cant relax when we get in the car if the car still or may needs assistance from time to time, we might as well just drive our cars if it still needs us to drive from time to time. we shouldnt be in a hurry if we still cant have a legit driverless car, if we need time, take the take time, i think the world would rather have a car to where the driver has to absolutely nothing, and can sit back and relax  years from now, then to have a car to where the car drives  of the time and you drive the other  next month. i agree that these types of cars should be made but lets not rush, lets get it perfect to where the world technically not have to drive. like the article said in paragraph , the road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination every day. the american dream is coming, you just got to make it when the time is right, the technology is there, and the people are needing it the most.