since remotely times, the man had look for some way to make his life easier, since primitive hunting weapons, to carriages. the carriages were pulled by horses mostly, and on those times, the most that those animals could do for contamination was pooping but the owners had people to clean for it as well as someone who took care of it. while the times had change, the transportation media has too as well with the cars which it actually result to be a doble sided blade contaminating with smog. in paris the government has banned driving due to smog, the smog has caused a huge impact on this city, giving to it cooler nights and warmer days, many habitants blame diesel fuel, but it does not matter which fuel you would use, it would burn and produce smog anyways. on the other hand, vauban, germany, is offering a new life style that many people has decided to adopt the suburbian comunity has no cars at the streets, people there does not own a car because they do not need it, the public transportation works very well, so it is not a primary need. they can live perfectly without cars, then they are not that necesary. many people even sell their cars in order to move to vauban, and had said that their lifes are so much less stressful than when they did own a car. mothers can let their childrens to play in the streets without thinking that a car is going to kill them, and kids can let go technology if their moms want them to play outside most of the kids are so attached to technology because it is a way that parents have to keep them away from the streets. maybe these changes like in germany were too radicals, but it can start by a day a year like in bogotá, colombia where once a year people take a carfree day, being buses and taxis the only ones allowed to produce smog, the violators are charged with  dollars fines. even in the u.s., from  to  young people driving decreased a , young people are considered the most dangerous driving people. there is so much for young people to do that they are not focused on driving, this could be the beginning of a new era, in april  the number of miles per person was equal that in  where the cars where less than right now. there it is even a program in new york promoting carpooling! but for example, here in florida the public transportation is not that good, you actually need a car that drives you to the bus station and then take the bus a bus that will let you on a train station, that train station will offer you a ride of an hour to another bus that takes about half an hour to get to your job if you live in homestead and work in miami. that is about three hours just arriving to your job, every day for five days in a row that is about thirty hours a week, just to get to your job! but if you have a car, those three hours now are one hour, which seems reasonable and it is still a lot!. if someone lives at homestead and needs to do something which is generally at downtown miami or doral you would have to dedicate a whole day just doing it, if you are going in car because the distance between cities are ridiculous, can you imagine if not having it? for doing something you would have to take two days and do it by parts or wake up at the very morning when it is still dark so you can complete everything by the afternoon. so defenetly the car is a primary need. analyzing the life style that people at vauban have, they are less stressed than the average person who owns a car people starts to be more social with their neighbors because they have to walk everywhere and the faces are the same, so they actually get to know each other. they also got the benefit of a cleaner enviroment because they do not have the daily doses of smog that someone living in a city would have cars cause the  of the contamination in europe and more than a  in the united states. that is a problem that paris maybe would not be facing right now if they had payed attention to contamination levels. since world war ii, science has been centered on developing new and better cars can you imagine what would we have right now if some other would center the science in medicicne or something else?. in the united states an  of the budget goes to highways while just a  goes to public transportation. but, how can people in bogotá or vauben survive without cars? the distance between the comercial and suburban areas are close enough so a bus could take you there just one bus. defenetly, making the change would be hard due to our attachment to our cars, but little by little we can change or life style.