come one, come all! come join the seagoing cowboys program. after war, many citys and towns are left in ruins. who will help the poor people who lost everything? i am glad you ask! you can help assist with helping animals cross safly to a new home. come help out! the animals need your help to travle safly to and from the sea. it will all be worth it to see the smiles on the peoples faces! we could really use your help. the following shows all the important and awsome things you need to know about it. one of the amazing pros of joining is you can help others. as luke says,it was an opportunity of a life time. helping people get back all the food supplies, animals, and more leaves a good feeling. it could make you more aware of people of other countries and their needs, like luke. the only complain that you might have is a few ingerys. like when luke cracked his ribs on one rainy night. you may get knocked over bord but that is very unlikly. all those times you helped people will surely make up for that. it could really be fun if you just try it. if you did not like your fist trip, you could always quit. at least you helped a few people out. a few more exiting things woulg be the chance to sight see on your free time. luke said,besides helping people, their is a benefit of seeing europe and china. seeing the acropolis in greece was special, son was taking a gondola ride in venice, italy. you may get the pleasure of seeing one, or both of those. would that be awsome or what? you can also have fun on the trip back. like how luke got to baseball and volleyball games after the animals got droped off. tabletennis tornaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time of being at see. that way you are not bored out of your mind on the way back. it can also be hard work to. you have to feed and water the animals two or three times a day. sometimes you might have to take night watchman. that is were you have to get up every hour to check out the animals and report back to the captain. just be careful or you might get hurt, like luke did. helping out with the animals can be fun, too. even if it is exstrimly hard work. even if it is hard work you can still have fun. sight seeing and the trip home is amazing. so come on! join the seagoing cowboys program! it can be dangderous and hard, but in the end there are more great things to do than all the small dangers. hard work is the price to pay if you do want to join. all the sights to see, helping people in tmes of needs, and the awsome trips will be fun! so come join today! i am certain you will not regret it! come help the cause. it will be an amazing experiance!