there is great value in exploring venus, despite the overwhelming dangers and obstacles that currently prevent us from doing so. from an incredibly powerful atmospheric pressure capable of crushing submarines to clouds of extremely corrosive sulfuric acid that can melt almost anything, venus is an inhospitable planet that seems virtually impossible to explore. despite the challenges that are presented, nasa believes there is value in exploring venus such as furthering the science of space travel and research and we will recieve great insight into the planet its self. we humans have been dreaming of one day being able to explore the seemingly endless abyss of space since astrology was born back in the middle ages. now that we have the technology to explore beyond our planet, we have been working nonstop to reach beyond what we have once reached. exploring venus will be an astounding feat and will prepare us further for other obstacles we will face when we attempt to explore other planets. in paragraph , the author mentions, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this was referring to the value of exploring venus and the experience we will gain from it. along with getting experience for much more demanding tasks that lie ahead, we will also get plentiful information about venus from exploring it and a better understanding of other planets as well. stated in paragraph , striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, the author included this into the text because the more knowledge we have on the planet venus, the more information well have on our own planet and many others. in paragraph , it is stated that venus was once mostlikely like our own planet, possibly covered largely wih oceans and mountains. this is supported in the paragraph with the statement, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth. however, exploring venus is still an extremely dangerous and demanding task. venus atmospheric pressure is far greater than our own along with having acid rain and a surface temperature of over  degrees fahrenheit, making it completely uninhabitable. this will make exploring venus that much more difficult. despite the challenges we will face, advances in technology are bringing us closer to being able to explore the face of venus. with all of the knowledge and insight we will gain form exploring this seemingly unexplorable planet, exploration of this planet is of a great value to us.