people all over the world are saying goodbye to their cars and saying hello to different, oldfashioned ways of transportation. this new trend involves walking, bike riding, and other types of public transportation. certain cities, like vauban and paris, have started to set limitations on car usage. these limitations include days where cars with specific license plates are not allowed to drive that day or even complete days where no driving is allowed, failure to follow these rules results in a fine. most citizens of these towns have been following these rules and have found to be quite rewarding. these advantages include stress relief and a happier attitude, less greenhouse emission into the atomosphere, and a overall better environment. limiting car usage is more beneficial than it is negative. one of the most beneficial parts of not using a car often would be the loss of stress and a increase in a happy attitude. most people who have participated in the limitation of car use have had positive feed back. one woman in vauban, germany, where most citizens are giving up their cars, said when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. rosenthal, . another man in bogota, colombia participating in their carfree day said its a good opportunity to take away stress... said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. selsky, . all around people who have joined this trend have started to become happier and less stressed as the start to leave their cars behind. another advantage of limiting car usage would be less greenhouse emission into the atomosphere. cars play a huge part in greenhouse emission into the atomosphere, so limiting the usage would have such a positive result. according the the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars , passenger cars are responsible for  percent of the greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive ares in the united states. rosenthal, . knowing that, cutting out cars would minimize the greenhouse gas emission a huge percent in certain regions, like the united states. the article the end of car culture discusses how the amount of people who own cars keeps getting progressively lower each year, which will help with greenhouse emission. after discussing statistics of the amount of people who own cars in america, the article goese on to say, if this pattern persists  and many sociologoists believe it will  it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest sourse of americas emissions... rosenthal, . with limiting the amount of car usage the atmosphere will be exposed to a lot less greenhouse emission. one huge advantage of limiting the usage of cars would be a overall better environment. many cities are so polluted and have air filled with smog, like beijing and paris. some of this smog comes from cars. paris is doing something to stop their smog from becoming any worse, they are banning driving. on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. duffer, . a similar situation is happening in bogota, columbia. bogota started a carfree day to help with their situation. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. selsky, . these new limitations on car usage are going to help save the environment. overall, the limitations that are being put on car usage have many advantages. the lack of car usage in certain areas is helping to create a better environment, give out less greenhouse emission, and give people a happy attitude. putting limitations on car usage has benefited many areas and continues to benefit them now. most of these places are continuing to progress and put more limitations on cars as they head into a nicer, brighter future.