in the story the challenge of exploring venus has multiple dangers containing the earths study. the three ways it can be hard to study venus is the atmosphere, the surface, and technology. the first reason why it is hard to study venus is because of its atmosphere. the text states,a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus.this quote means that it will be very hard to walk on the surface if it is that high of an atmosphere. the text also states,on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this means that a person from nasa could never extand that weather and it would be hard to study it. the second reason why it is hard to study venus is how the surface is. the text states,long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this means that they tried to predict what venus is like but its still hard to study. the text also states,furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration givin the long time frames of space travel. this quote means that venus would still be hard to study even if we took a trip there. the third reason why it is hard to study venus is the technology used for the study. the text states,some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this means that earths technology would not work for studying if they used a lot of it. the text also states,the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and lever and do not require electronics at all. this quote means that with using technology the studying would still be hard. they know venus has the same size and same density but it is sill hard to study for those little things that make up venus.