venus could have been just like earth a long time ago with life on it, but it has changed and is now to hot for humans or anthing to be on the planet. in the text it says, long ago , venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. in many ways venus is just like earth becuase it has all these features just like earth. the only thing different now is that the planet is alot hotter and has acid. the planet venus is alot like earth because it has rocky features and it used to have oceans, it just so hot more then  degrees fahrenheit. the text in the artical says, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as vallys, mountains, and craters. which in terms is just like another earth. venus has changed and became very different from earth over the years, but it is still the closet planet in our solar system of being like earth. venus is a hot planet. yes, it isnt as close to the earth as other planet but it is still a very hot one, hotter then some of the planets that are close to the sun. even high above the surface of venus the temptures are crazy high. the text says, at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatues would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. the pressure on venus is so high that if someone would put a submarine onto it, it could get crushed. that could be on of the reasons that nasa has not sent any human subject to venus. going to venus, nasa has sent probes and robots to venus. but never any human subjects. why? well the pressure on venus is way to high and would probably crush any human if they did not have the right gear on. it is also very hot way hotter then tempures you see here on earth. which in case would be miserable for many human to bare on another planet. at the end of the day human kind still wants to go to venus and it coming up with ways too. in the text it says, striving to meet the challenges presented by venus has value, not only becuase of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also becuase human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the people thing that will get to venus one day, it may not be today or tomorrow. but techinally changes every day and ti would be in the near future that onday a human will step foot onto venus. no one should have doubt of going somewhere becuase of the dangers or the doubts of getting there, but should be thriving off the idea and imagination of what is out there, and what could be held for man kind. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to mrrt the very edges of imagination and innovation.