in the article  driveless cars are coming, the author presents both positiive and negative aspects of driveless cars. the article is about a smart car that could drive itself. many of the aspects are unaware and may need human assistance at some time. even if the cars where fully aware, many states would need an aware, and focused driver on the wheel at all time. these cars should be made, but only for people who have restrictions on driving such as blindness or people who are autistic. drivless cars are only currently made to be used with help from a human driver. the car would be able to drive itself but the drive would need his hand on the wheel at all times to do sensor in the wheel that could tell when there hands where taken off. the car can handle driving functions...but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel another reason the cars are only need help from humans is because they can not drive through workzones and would need help. this would be necessary when roads and bridges are damaged and need repair. this can happen often and would need an alert driver who is able to correctly move the vehicle in a legal way.the car is also able to announce when it needs human help. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skill. if cars where able laws would still have to be changed. laws require that there is an alert driver always in a vehicle, in this case it is illegal to test computer driven cars . a few states are leading the nation in the development od self driving cars, these states include california, navada, florida, and also the distric of columbia.manufacturers believe as soon as the cares are proven safe, more states will follow. but, there is still on question to be asked if there is an accident due to the failing of technology who would be held responsible. i believe that the manufactorer would be held responsible.there would be reason that it is not there falt, but the falt would mostly be his. drivless cars are not copletely drivless yet. they still have hand sesors requiring a driver.there are also stale laws requiring an aware drive at all time. this is why i believe iuf there was to be a copletely drivless car it should not be sold to everyone, but only those who can prove they have have driving issues.