the seagoing coyboys were having some of the best times of their life! luke is a seagoing cowboy. doing this job is so much fun! being a seagoing cowboy is exciting because of the unique places, helping other people in need, and it keeps you very busy during the trip. the first reason you should be a seagoing cowboy is because of the unique places you go. the possible places are greece, crete, panama, and italy. you could see the acropolis in greece. taking a gondola ride in venice, italy would be magnificent too! you could see the famous panama canal or an excavated castle in crete. thre are so many different opportunities! you could sign up for this program right now! a second reason you should be a seagoing cowboy is because you could help other people in need. luke didnt even know of all the people of other countries. that awareness stayed with him for a long time. his family has hosted a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. luke helped the countries in ruins that were left after world war ii. he helped take care of the animals such as horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. a third reason you should be a seagoing cowboy is because it keeps you extremely busy. you will be as busy as a bee! as i said, you take care of the animals they take overseas. the animals have to be fed, given water, and have their stalls cleaned. bales of hay and bags of oats had to be pulled from the lower holds of the ship. luke was also a night watchman once. he had to check on the animals every hour. he had to make an hourly report as well. you dont work the entire time either. you have time to play games and do sports as well. some people may say you should not be a seagoing cowboy. they may say it takes too much time or it does not do you good. i would counter this statement because this job teaches people responsibilty of taking care of animals. being overseas does take a while, but it does teach people patience. there is also time to sightsee and play games. these reasons show being a seagoing cowboy is not a waste of time. after reading this article, i learned a bunch about seagoing cowboys. i still dont think this job is a waste of time. this job will teach you many things. afterwards, people will be as happy as a puppy wagging its tail! all of these reasons lead me to believe that more people should join this program.