while reading the article my claim for using technology to read students is that it would be a positive outcome. students that study at school would be more involved if the teacher knew how they felt about the way they teach and interact with the class. teachers can have a better way of communicating with the students. i feel like students dont always speak on how they feel about the class they express it instead and so with the technology that is going to be made teachers can have a better way on identifying what the students is feeling. according to the article the technolgy trying to be made would detect how someone is feeling and it detects how humans express there emotions. the article also indicates that all humans show emotion by making faces not speaking about it verbally. with the technolgy teachers can use it to make class more fun and so that students get involved and interact with one another. it is aslo effective because it can help students talk more and be more interacted than just showing expession. other ways this is effective is because when someone is feeling down or sad you can approach them and ask whats going on with them. this can really cause a better way of communication. showing expression isnt always the best way to interact with someone you wont know how to help the person,but with this technology you can be way more helpful. the article also idicates that facial expressions dont lie, and that this technologly is entended to bring a smile to your face. this is an effective type of technology for schools,jobs, and other placess may need . its effective to these places because it can show how people actually feel about bieng where they are at. it also helps stop problems against one another, and there would be less drama between classmates,workers and others. this can also help people help others that have problems. in cunclusion to my statment if feel like these are all ways this technology can be affective.it can prevent many tings from happening. it can cause more interaction with one another. more people would be happy ,students would like to go to school knowing their techers know how they feel and everything would just run more smoothly. teachers would also find a better way to teach and students will have passing grades.