i think that you should particpate in the seagoing cowboys program because their are new things you could learn. also joining the seagoing cowboys program changed my life. you should join the program if you like going to new places or if you like trying new things. if you love going to new places then this is the program for you because you will get to see a lot of knew places you havent been before. i took a gondola ride in venice, italy, a city with streets of water. i also toured excavated castles in crete and marveled at the panama canal on my way to china, but seeing the acropolis in greece was special. or if you dont like exploring places you havent been dont worry because there are plenty of other things for you to do there like for instance when we leave the animals and are on are way back we play tons of games. also you get to meet knew people there, so you would end up makeing tons of friends. also a lot of times when people participate in the seagoing cowboys program they end up tying new things they wouldt normally try or that they havent tried. also joining the program helps build you into a better person because youre helping out with the animals. another thing is that the cattle trips were amazing for a smalltown boy like me. when you join the seagoing cowboys program you will learn to take care of animals. if youre a bit affraid of animals dont worry they wont bite, well they might bite, but only if you make them really mad. it takes alot to make them mad though, so you will be okay and you wont need to worry about anything. some people might just say it is a useless way to spend your time, but i disagree because a lot of good things could come from it. like you could make a lot of new friends there or you and your friends could join the program together to spend more time with each other. who wouldnt want to spend time with there friends playing games like tabletennis tournaments, fencing, and boxing. or you could just read to pass time if you really wanted to. if you joined the seagoing cowboys program i think you would have a lot of fun. if you cant sleep or you like sleeping late you could be the nightwatcher. a nightwatcher is a person who watches over the animals. im greatful that i had the opportunity to join the seagoing cowboys program because it changed my life for the better, if my friend don hadnt invited me to go with him to europe on a cattle boat then i wouldnt had signed up for the seagoing cowboys program. i am so grateful that he took me with him to europe. if you get the opportunity to join the seagoing cowboys, i think that you should join the program. it really is a oppotunity of a lifetime, so you should say yes and step out of your comfort zone if you dont like things like that. you know it is good to try new things. if you do decide to join the seagoing cowboys program i hope you have a good time. sincerely, luke bomberger