to the fellow citizens out there we are limiting cars becaues people dont like to pay there car, becaues they eigther dont have the money for it or they just dont wanna pay it.. people all around the country dont liek aying ther cadr thats why peoples car get tode because people are lazy..when a child has a soccer game to go to what would you do if you dont have a car to get there ?oyu probably do everything you canto get there to support your child... in german life goes without cars.. in every state peoples car get tode for not doing what they need to do for thee car..as a result,  percent of people dont own a car and  percent of people sold there car to move in a different home..when some people have cars they love to go do what they like o do to have fun.when kids have bicycles make sure your outside with them be you wouldnt want them to get hit by a car or you dont want them to get hurt.. in the united states the envirmoental protection agency is promoting car reduced  communities ,and legislators are starting to act, if cautiosly.. paris bans driving due to smog..alot of peoples get fines for not paying there tickets or they do stuff that they shouldnt be doing..like , drivers were finesand twenty seven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fines.. diesels make up  percent france , compared . percent of diesel engines in the rest or western europe , according to reuters..people who dont have license needa stop driving or they will get pulled over and they will get a ticket and will have to pay alo of money to get it back.. carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota.. in every year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million..smog violators faces  fines.whenever peopl dont have cars they compain about how they hate to awalk and ride bikes , why coplain if u have a car u would do dumb things to get in trouble.. people dont need to complain about nothing becuaes people like to do things they shouldnt do . dont do stupid things and maybe you would have a car .. in conclution people dont need cars they could walk ride a bikes or do something .. people who done have license need to not drive because they can get into big trouble and they would go to jail for it ..