at first, the idea of not using a car may seem like an extreme inconvience that comes with endless problems. however after looking into the matter there are many hidden advantages. one can lessen emmissions, and help create a less polluted enviornment for themselves. one may also be able to save money by simply taking alternate types of transportation. by using a car less, one can help decrease the amount of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere. paragraph five by elisabeth rosenthal, states that up to fifty percent of greenhouse gas emissions in the united states are due to passenger cars. while these numbers may seem daunting, some cities have reduced their pollution in simple ways. for example, paris experienced record breaking air pollution caused by emissions. this drove leaders to put in place a ban on certain cars driving during specific days of the week. not only did the smog clear within one day, but sixty percent of car traffic was down too. if parises problem was fixed by making a simple switch, then less polluted cities could easily decrease their emissions aswell. one can also save money by avioding cars. not only are cars expensive in the first place, but as explained by rosenthal in paragraph twenty nine, the bridge and tunnel tolls are rising. bikes on the other hand, are a great alternative because they are inexpensive and they have free paths. one may argue that it is impossible to get the public to ditch their cars for human powered machinces, but in bogota, colombia, this is already happening. for one day each year cars are banned, and only certaing types of vehicles are allowed. selsky explains in paragraph twenty that millions participated, even on rainy days. here one can see that this alternative transportation idea is not a couple of people, but a widespread movement. overall, lessening ones usage of cars has many benefits. not only can one help ensure cleaner air, but they can save money while their at it. by making small changes in ones everyday life, huge impacts can be made on the community.