having a driveless car seem cool and everything, but what about the aftermath? people dont really think about the aftermath of their thoughs and plans, which can cause problems in the future. making driverless cars is a really awesome idea, and it would be wonderful if we could have those cars in the future. although they seem awesome, there could be many things wrong while making it and after making it. i am against the development of driverless cars because it would be challenging, there will be money problem, and laws would have to be changed or added. first of all, making a driverless car would be very challenging. makers would need to learn many things about cars. they wouldnt be able to make mistakes because if they did, the whole car wont work. also, the car need to be really smart, and they would need a whole lot of sensors. the combination of all of this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of human at the wheel. if the car doesnt have all that, we dont know what could go wrong. it will also take a long time to make it, and it will just be time wasting. furthermore, if people were to make driverless car, it would cost los of money. there was no way, before , to make something interesting. the sensors werent there, the computers werent there, and the mapping wasnt there. radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. it wasnt something you could buy at radio shack. so just how driverless will the cars be in the near future? two hundred million dollars? why should we waste money on some car? i dont think it is even worth it. we should just be fine with the cars we have right now. we should feel blessed that we can even drive our cars right now because there are millions of people out there that doesnt even have a car. there are many things that we could do with that money like making our environment cleaner and better, so makers shouldnt waste money on some car. in addition, if there are driverless cars, the laws would have to change. still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if there is an accident, we wont know who to blame because there are no drivers. it is just the car driving itself. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? changing laws would also be difficult because it would take time to come up with new laws and write them down on the law paper. from the difficuly of making driverless cars to the new laws that would be necessary, it is better just keep things the way they are today. people shouldnt waste their time, energy, and money to make some car just because it seems cool or awesome. it is an awesome idea,but i think it should just be kept in our imagination because i dont think many people would want to spend their time on tring to make one car. there are more to the world than that. so because of the difficulty of making it, the money that is needed, and the necessary change of laws, i am against the development of driverless cars.