its , and manufacturers are fianlly coming up with the technology to create driverless cars. you dont know if you should be for or against this idea. well, there are many reason why you shouldnt be for the idea of driverless cars. they can be very dangerous, they are probably very expensive, and people would become lazy and inexperienced? one reason driverless cars are bad are they can be very dangerous. the manufacturers hope to bring incar entertainment to make sure the driver doesnt get bored. in doing so, they care creating a distraction. if something happens to the car, nobody will even know because they arent paying attention. speaking of, what if it breaks while you are using it, will people know how to fix it? i assume since it will such sophisticated technology that most people will not know how to fix it. those are just some of the ways we know that this car will be very dangerous. another big reason we know this car is not a good idea is that they are probably going to be very expensive. people can barely afford the cars we have now. how can the manufacturers expect to sell a smart car to millions, or even billions, of people. they would not be able to sell enough cars to come out with a profit. on top of it being very expensive to buy, you also have to to look at how expensive it would be to fix it if it broke down. if you can barely afford to buy the car, how can you expect to repair it. those are just a few reasons on how the car would be very expensive. lastly, if everyone could be driven places, would there be a need for riding bikes, or going on runs? people would become obiese. nobody would stop to smell the roses, or just stare at the beauty of the world that god created for us. another reason is that kids would never learn how to drive because the car would be driving for them. if the car were to break and stop driving itself, how would they get home because they cant drive it for themselves. those are jsut a few reasons on how people would become lazy and inexperienced. there are many reasons the world should not have driverless cars, including they can be very dangerous, they would be very expensive, and people would become lazy and inexperienced. eeeeerrrrrrrr!!! your car just broke, what are you going to do?