the concept of driverless cars has been a rather popular idea for decades now. however this concept seems to be getting further from being a concept and closer to becoming a reality in the past decade due to companies such as google taking the wheel on research. however, as with anything shiny and new like a brand new car, there has to be some sort of counter agrument against it. why do we need it? will we be able to afford it? will it run over the dog trying to back out of the driveway? these are only a few arguments that can be made against this new type of vehicle. one of the biggest arguments that can be made against driverless cars would be the overall safety they present. with the cars, they would obviously be able to drive themselves. how would they be able to drive on the unpredicatable roads? would they know to stop for the skunk in the road or the toddler running across the street? would they know exactly when to brake so they dont ram into the car in front of them? there are so many driving hazards that could come that we arent exactly sure where to start. after all, no matter how well the cars are put together and how much research goes into making them work as well as possible, even the best technology still has its bad days. what would the drivers job in this be? to look pretty until the car reaches its destination? if the car where to need assistance of the driver,would the driver be able to take back control without a moments notice? most every kind of technology uses some sort of software to keep it functioning, and with that software come necessary maintenence and updates. how would the software keeping the car functioning work? would you buy the car and have to hope and pray that driving laws and regulations dont change from the time you buy the car to the time its time to buy a new one? would you be able to connect your car to your home internet and it update itself once its not being used? if thats the case, what would happen if the update where to disagree with your care and then the car would perform poorly upon the next usage? these are only a few of the arguments that i can make at the present time without more information on these cars. yes, i realize that most of these arguments are hypothetical, but that usually tends to be the case when it comes to technology that doesnt yet have much coverage to the people. if we were to get closer to the reality of driverless cars being commonplace among the public, then im sure we could come up with more solid arguments. however, until that day, well just have to sit tight and wait for our questionable autoobile future.