the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. dr. huang predicts that it can help modify the lesson if a student is having trouble by the looks of his or her face. with the facs, the motionrecognition software can track facial movements and identify different emotions.if the computer in the class room can identify his or her emotion to see if they like the lesson or not can help them improve in school because the computer can track that and find something better for the student or class. a computer that can identify if a student is bored or confused can be really helpful for the student and the class. if you are shown a lesson on the computer and you show a smile, the computer can recognize that and can continue with the lesson, but if you are shown a lesson that you frown or look bored, the computer will notice and change the lesson and modify it to become something you want. just like a human instructor. a lot of people will disagree with the computer because people might think that its not true or  it may not be always right. but people may not know that it can actually make a big impact in your learning in the classroom. the computer can help you succeed by giving you the lessons you may like. it can affect your future and making you become smarted and think learning is fun because you are learning what is interested to you or helping you be interested in the subject. people may ask how it actually works and if it is trustworthy or not. the facial action coding system will focus on the  muscels on your face that helps you make your emotions. the software tracks the facial movements and weigh the different units and can help identify the mixed emotions. each expression that is made is compared against a neutral face to help identify what expression you are making. in conclusion, the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. it can help the student succeed and think learning is fun by getting lessons from the computer that may think is good for the student. even thought a lot of people may disagree that it might not work, it can be worth a try, just to see if it actually helps the student. the students can find the lessons fun now and affect there future for the great or good.