have you ever heard of the face? the face is something that is a landform on mars that looks just like a face. some people think that the face was created by aliens. this isnt true. there is much evidence that this is false. it is a natural landform. so question is what would you say if you were a scientist at nasa that knows that the face is a natural landform and you were talking to someone that thinks that the face was created by aliens.  reasons that i would mention are that the face is made of rock, pictures show that it is a landform, and that it looks like landforms like a mesa or a butte. the face is made of rock. the article unmaskng the face on mars states that... a few days later nasa unvelied the image for all to see. the caption noted a huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. aliens didnt create rock. and as the essay clearly shows the face is obviously made of rock. so that is part of the proof that the face is a landform. you can also tell that the face is a landform through pictures. another reason that the face is a landform is that the pictures show that it is a landform. the article unmasking the face on mars shows pictures that show that the face is clearly a landform. in the pictures you can tell that this is a landform. the face also looks like a mesa or a butte. they are so many reasons that the face is a landform. another one of the reasons is that the face looks exactly like a mesa or a butte. the article unmasking the face on mars states that... what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. this also definitely proves that the face is a landform not something that aliens created and left there for some reason. god created everything the way it is and for a purpose. he put that rock landform thing there for a reason to show us how powerful god is and that he can do anything. god created the world just how it is and that is how he wants it with his intelligent design we talked about how since the face is made of rock, pictures show that it is a landform, and how it looks like landforms that it is a lanform. this is what i would tell someone who thought that aliens created the face. aliens didnt create the face. god did for a purpose using his intelligent design. he did this to show us that he is very powerful and that he can do anything. i hope that this will help strengthen a lot of peoples faith in god. by writing this essay i hope to do more than just answer the prompt and get a good score. i hope to also inform people about god and what he can do.