luke bomberger worked a two parttime job in a grocery store. he also worked in a bank when his friend don reist invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat. luke said yes because it was an opportunity of a lifetime. world war  was over in europe which left many countries in ruins. to help recover everything  nations joined together to form unrra. unrra hired seagoing cowboys. luke and don decided to sign up to help take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. in august  luke and don recieved their orders to report to new orleans. they arrived august  the day the pacific war ended. don and luke boarded the ss charles w. wooster, headed for greece. the ss charles had a cargo of  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. it also took luke about two weeks to cross the atlantic ocean from the eastern coast of the united states and a month to get to china. luke was busy all the time while crossing because he had to take care of the animals. the animals had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. bales of hay and bags of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship. stalls also had to be cleaned. on lukes second trip he served as niht watchman. lukes job was to check on all the animals every hour. one rainy night, after making his hourly report to the captain, he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. lukes heart raced as he shot feet first toward an opening on the side of the ship. a small strip of metal along the edge stopped his slide, keeping him from flying overboard into the dark atlantic. luke was happy to be alive, but coudnt work for a couple of days because of cracked ribs. luke is trying to convince others to participate in the seagoing cowboys program becasuse he wants others to help out recover other countries food supplies, animals, and more stuff that they have lost during the wars. luke wants everyone to be a part of helping others because without any help nothing is possibe. luke wants you to go through helping others and taking care of animals like how he did. like when luke got on the ss charles w. wooster when he was headed to greece because the pacific war had ended and everything was ruined or destroyed. he had a cargo of  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. that is hard work. he had to stay up as watchman to take care of the animals and report to the captain. luke got hurt but after the accident he began to help again. luke want you to work as hard as him to save the world. wars can cause a buch of damage to countries so try to help them out. participate in the program to help ou like my friend don and i.