the new invention of driveless cars have been advancing and progressing. slowly starting to be more frequently progessing in the st century. some in small ways and others in bigger ways. but with progession there are also lead to negative aspects of driveless cars. switching to driveless cars would result in illegal situations and controvoursy with other states, multiple manufacturing errors, and cause more accidents than a regular car. the first way driveless cars would cause negatively is with other states limiting if driveles cars were even allowed or prohibited. for example, in the excerpt it states, as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars california, nevada, flordia, and district of columbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semiautonomous cars. so if most states prohibit to test computerdriven cars what would make the state to even allow them driven. allowing the cars to be driven would breaking a law they made and state makers woud have to make a whole new law regarding the old one. this would have a lot of people upset not only in just that state but around that state and prohibiting tourists to visit their state. another way how driveless cars would negatively impact is having multiple manufacturing errors during the process of making driveless cars. as technology advances there are lots of errors that can occur during the process which can cost even more money to fix. for example the author states this in the the eighth paragraph, some manufactures hope to do that bringing incar entertainment and information sysytems that use headsup displays. even though having an entertaining system in your car would be nice the price to fix in cause of an issue with it not working can cost alot more. errors happening in the car as well can have you frustrated and make your bank broke. the final and last reason we should be able to have driveless cars are because of the causing of more accidents. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. sure this is what the car can do but there is also a possibilty the driver will not be alerted in time. say an accident has just occured right in front of yourself in just a matter of thirty seconds and your car does not notify yourslef fast enough because it literally just happen. now the sitiuation a person might question is the car isnt smart enough because it couldnt identify the accident in only a matter of thirty seconds. in conclusion, driveless cars should not become more popular of our society today because of the negative aspects of them. the first reason is because of the allowing and prohibiting of states that would and wouldnt and the laws regarding to the driveless cars. second reason is because of the multiple manufacturing errors that would occur frequently and the cost to repair it. fianlly, the issue of the causing of accidents due to the alert of notifing the driver not quick enough. driveless cars would not benifit society they could potentially destroy it.