envision the future, the inventions and innovations you will encounter in your life, the wonders and achievements of a modernized world. this is what google, tesla, audi, nissan, bmw, general motors, and prius envision for their world in the future. technology. the idea to build something virtually impossible a driverless car. the driverless car would revolutionize the auto industry and our world as a whole. one must factor the hazards associated with these cars before this autonomous invention hits the streets. should researchers pursue the development of these cars? the clear answer ought to be no, for there are too many dangers associated with it, we dont have the proper technology to do it, and its unlawful. what exactly makes these cars so....dangerous? after all, as an article states, these cars would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus driverless cars are coming . roads would be safer, and driving while intoxicated or distracted would no longer be an issue. also, as through now, googles cars have driven more than , miles without a crash so far. the thing with these cars is that these cars arent entirely autonomous. they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues driverless cars are coming . the car may be capable enough to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves driverless cars are coming , maybe maneuver itself around a uturn, but will it be able to navigate itself around sinkholes, avoid black ice, stay in the proper designated lane, drive around traffic cones or accidentsites, or parallel park? can it detect road signs, signal lights, stay within the speed limit, and stay within other common driving regulations? so far, there has yet to be a car with these features, and although some cars may be able to do some of the above, none have been properly executed without a humandrivers assistance. riding in a driverless, autonomous car in these conditions would be too dangerous of a risk to take, and if one rode a car with a human driver in it, less safety hazards would be posed. autonomous cars are simply too dangerous to drive in hazardous road conditions. technology. one word that sparks excitement and creativity within every human being. the question is, though, do we have the techonology to have a driverless car? googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounter near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor driverless cars are coming. also, most cars use speed sensors with the creation of antilock breaks. also, if even one of these systems break, how would it affect the toing and froing of the car? with all that, do these cars have enough technology to mimic the consciousness of a human driver? the answer is no, because, as of yet, there have been no successful autonomous driving tests executed without a human driver there to monitor and drive when conditions became hazardous. we dont have the technology to mimic the human brain, its simply impossible! we dont have the technology to pursue the development of an autonomous car, and therefore we must halt the development of such dangerous cars. lastly, these cars would be unlawful in many ways. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers driverless cars are coming . as stated in the previous paragraph, would cars be able to detect road signs, maintain speed limits, detect signal lights, etc. without human assistance? also, what if traffic was directed by a crossing officer, would the car be able to obey and follow the crossing officers motions? pull over when a police officer is in pursuit? as of yet, driverless cars are capable of none of the above without human assistance. also, its illegal in many states to even test computer driven cars driverless cars are coming because of the safety risks associated with it. also, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the passenger who was in the car or the manufacturer? too many legal issues arise when it comes to autonomous cars, therefore terminating all development with driverless cars ought to be the proper thing to do. in conclusion, autonomous cars are too dangerous, too technologically disadvanced, and not legal to develop. its wrong to pursue this development, and therefore must be stopped.