in the passage the challenge of exploring venus the author recommends that studying venus is worthy pursit, but it presents dangers. venus is the most earthlike planet in our solar system which means its almost like earth due to the density,size,and close in distance. who wouldnt want to study and discover a planet that is like earth, but the affects to it can be bad. the author supports the idea of studying venus by giving information about how the planet earths twin due to the similarties stated in paragraph one and huamns have sent spacecrafts to land in venus. in paragraph  it states each previous mission was unmanned,and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this means its hard for humans to study because it can be dangerous. in paragraph  of the passage it says  percent is carbon dioxide, harder are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfric acid in atmosphere, surface tempertature is more than  degress fahrenheit, and  times greater of the atmospheric pressure in than earth. this shows how venus is way more extreme and humans wouldnt handle it. nasa have worked on solutions to makimg a mission safe and scientifically productive. floating above the fray would allow scientist to study venus the author used an example of a blimplike vehicle. with that idea they would avoid ground conditions that are not good and having distance from the surface temperature would be less and air pressure which would be save for humans to survive. from the condition of venus as stated in paragraph  they cannot photograph or videograph, or take any objects like gas and rocks because of personal despite the risks. the last support the author gives is nasa is working on technology so it can last long through the process of studying. one example is using modern computers computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick. mechanical parts can be more useable to pressure,heat, and other conditions. studying venus would let know a lot of things that we dont already know and the value. despite all the challenges there could be death and it could be a waste of material, but it will let many equally endeavors and the curiosityb of knowing venus. it would be a great way to learn and find out about the planet.