cars over the years has been changing the world. most people want a car, but recent studies found out that car buying or car useage, has been decressing. why are people doing this? some cities have a no car day and some cities dont allow cars. why? cars have changed peoples life in one way or another. in the little town of vauban, germany, it is a car free town. what it means is that there is no cars allowed in the town. they limited there car usage so that  of the towns families do not own cars rosenthal. the town wants to create a car free town to decrease greenhouse gases in the air. you could get a garage but ...a carowner buys a space, for ,rosenthal. the little town of vauban is helping the world decrese greenhouse gasses. if vauban can do it,who else can? well as a matter of fact paris, france is banning cars due to heavy smog. smog is caused when there is warm days, and cool nights, causing gas exhaust to stay on the ground, thus causing smog. paris banned cars usage to get rid of the smog. ...ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fineduffer. paris decided when the smog came to fine car users when they drove, they wanted to ...clear the air of the global cityduffer from the smog. they had to decreses cars, thus the ban and fine. in fact congestion car traffic was down  in the capital of franceduffer. another way that car decrese has happened, or a way to stop greenhouse gas, is a carfree day. the city of bogota, colombia, has had a annual carfree day for years now. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smogselsky even during rain bogato citizens still have a carfree day. in fact with this success other cities, such as cali and valledupar has begun to have a carfree day. in doing this bogato has helped decresse car usage in some cities and hpoes to pass it on to more. america, one of the leading in car production, and car users, has a decrease in cars bought and driven today. ever since , the peak of car drivers, has begun to decrease a lot over the years. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  below the peak equal to where the country was in january, rosenthal. the leader in cars is decreasinng! how? well, maost teens this time carpool with friends until they drive and so on. decreasing cars exahust in the air. most people want to drive, but do they know about the countrys trying to decrease the car usage? most countries that want a decrease in cars, get a decrease in cars and dont know how successful itll get, but when it gets successful, it gets succesful.