An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Official websites use .govA.govwebsite belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPSAlock(LockLocked padlock) orhttps://means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Most people immediately think of solar panels or wind turbines as clean energy, but how many of you thought of nuclear energy? Office of Nuclear Energy When you hear the words “clean energy,” what comes to mind? Most people immediately think of solar panels or wind turbines, but how many of you thought of nuclear energy? Nuclear is often left out of the “clean energy” conversation despite it being the second largest source of low-carbon electricity in the world behind hydropower. So, just how clean and sustainable is nuclear? Try these quick facts for starters. McGuire Nuclear Station located in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. Nuclear is a zero-emission clean energy source. It generates power through fission, which is theprocess of splitting uranium atomsto produce energy. The heat released by fission is used to create steam that spins a turbine to generate electricity without the harmful byproducts emitted by fossil fuels. According to the Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI), the United States avoidedmore than 471 million metric tonsof carbon dioxide emissions in 2020. That’s the equivalent of removing 100 million cars from the road and more than all other clean energy sources combined. It also keeps the air clean by removing thousands of tons of harmful air pollutants each year that contribute to acid rain, smog, lung cancer and cardiovascular disease. Despite producing massive amounts of carbon-free power, nuclear energy produces more electricity on less land than any other clean-air source. A typical 1,000-megawatt nuclear facility in the United States needs a little more than 1 square mile to operate. NEI sayswind farms require 360 times more land areato produce the same amount of electricity and solar photovoltaic plants require 75 times more space. To put that in perspective, you would need more than 3 million solar panels to produce the same amount of power as a typical commercial reactor or more than 430 wind turbines (capacity factor not included). Seemore comparisons here. Nuclear fuel is extremely dense. It’s about 1 million times greater than that of other traditional energy sources and because of this, the amount ofused nuclear fuelis not as big as you might think. All of the used nuclear fuel produced by the U.S. nuclear energy industry over the last 60 yearscould fit on a football fieldat a depth of less than 10 yards! That waste can also be reprocessed and recycled, although the United States does not currently do this. However, some advanced reactor designs being developed could operate on used fuel. TheNICE Future Initiativeis a global effort under the Clean Energy Ministerial that makes sure nuclear will be considered in developing the advanced clean energy systems of the future.  *Updated June 2022 Committed to Restoring America’s Energy Dominance. Follow Us Subscribe To Our Newsletter
