did you imagine exploring venus? in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author explain how venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author support the idea that venus is a risk for humans by showing how is inhospitable, how enviroment affect humans and how temperature will affect us. the first reason that venus is inhospitable , because most of the spacecraft do not survived the landing for few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship hasa single spaceship has touched down on venus in more thsan three decades. this means that nasa has waste money just to explore one planet, since there are more planets nasa choose venus. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. this means that nasa will waste money just to land a spacecraft, but what happen if the land of the spacecraft suceed, nasa will keep wasting money until humans can live on venus. this is one of the reason why the challenge of exploring venus needs to stop because is inhospitable, humans needs money to buy important things, but nasa will waste money to build spacecraft, until one of the spacecraft land safely on venus. the second reson that venus is a risk for humans is the temperature, because the temperature of venus is different from earth, venus is more closer to the sun than earth. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahreheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this means that if humans land on venus they will die of dehydratation because they will need too much water or they will melt because it is too hot. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system... this is why nasa needs to stop studying venus because the only thing they can study is the outside, no the inside. venus pursuit to despair because humans wants knowledge and make history. the final reason is the enviroment, because the only things that venus has is land, gas and liquid that is not water. enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. this meas that if the pressure of venus can crush a submarine, imagine what humans be like? a thicks atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. this means that spacecraft will take more time to land because spacecraft needs to pass first the aatmosphere of venus. this why nasa needs to stop building spacecraft until they are sure that the spacecraft is succesfully land on venus. the author tells us why studying venus should stop because it pursuit the dangers. the enviroment of venus, the temperaature of venus and why is inhospitable are the three reasons the aautheor us to stop studying venus. this is why we need to stop studying venus because it pursuit to despair.