in the artical the challenge of exploring venus the author is explaining the dangers of the exploration venus. the exploration of venus is unsurvivable by humans because of the the surface tempatures of  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure that is  times greater than earths. scientist are researching technology that can help machines survive the conditions. therefore, the author of this artical supports the idea of exploring venus very well by including scientific research and evidence presented from experiments conducted. the author states a question to get the reader thinking. what are the options for making sure such a mission is both safe and scientifically productive. the reader is now intrugied to find out what the options are now for this great exploration. the autor then explains the options in this statement, many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. which is then supported by the author stating in another paragraph, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks. this statement shows that the author has evidence to back up his research. all of this research is leading up to the big idea which is presented by the author when stating, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus is to float above the fray. this statement is then supported by the author explaning the idea, imagine a blimplike vechicle hovering  or so miles abve the rolling venusian landscape.. the author then goes into futher detail of why one cannot withstand the conditions of venus by stating, a vechicle hovering over venus would advoid the unfriendly ground coditions by staying up and out of thier way. at thirty plus miles above the surface, tempatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit. these conditions would be uncomfortable for humans but are survivale for them. the author shows that all of his evidence is supported not only by his opinon but also by scinentific facts and evidence. in conclusion, the author supports the idea very well. not only by including information about how unhospitable venus is but by adding the scintific research and evidence founded by the scientist, one can not only learn but can also form an opinon for themselves about the exploration of venus from this artical. therefore, this artical is well written by the author and he supports his theroy by using supporting facts.