seagoing cowboys started right after the end of world war ii, and it was to give supplies to those in need. the seagoing cowboys mainly visted europe and china . the main items sea cowboys brought to the other countries were lifestock, and building supplies to rebuild cities and towns. like in the story, to be a sea cowboy you have to be willing to travel around the world and also to spread your heart to others and help them. these are some reasons why i think seagoing cowboys are so great! they take over night trips, and even month long trips or even maybe year long trips to go to people. now, i do like helping others but if had to take month long trips that would be a nightmare so, their really giving somehting up for others. these people as in the story could just be  which is really young and still go out on the open waters for so long. you might think might they die of bordem, well no, because on the there and back they usal have sports like baseball tournments where the animals are staying. they also play pingpong and foozeball which are table sports. next, i will tell you about the incredible journeys you go on. now, i bet you proably have the world at your fringer tips now cause of devices and i know i sure do. in , you have to think, i mean their entertainent was listenig to the radio, or playing outside. when the seacowboys traveled the world there was so much to see and do. in the story it mentions them going to greece and seeing amazing things and also, luke had turned  and could be accepted into the military. luke had choosen not to though because, being a seacowboy was already enough of an honnor. the seacowboy spot was an overall honnor to and it was escpesailly fun. this paragraph will be about some of the animals onboard. the usual was horses and waterfeed, this is another reason you would stay busy on the  month long trips. luke says the cattle boat trips were an unbeliveible opportunity for a small town boy. luke also had other exprinces with animals since he said he had worked on his moms old farm, so if youve every worked you have been a great fit fo the seacowboys. now i have givin you great facts and reasons to join the seacowboys. you get to see and live in other peoples cultures. you get to travel the eartheurope and china mostly those two. see the wwii reckage which was an important time in history. lastly, live with animals on a boat and see how they act and behave for a couple of months. if i had the oppurituinty to go and become a seacowboy i would, would you too?