the author is studying that venus or sometimes that evening star is a worthy pusuit despite that dangers it presents. it is a worthy pusuit because venus is also referred to as earths twin. but the challenge is the atmosphere, clouds, and the fahrenheit. nasa is trying to study venus. i will tell you why venus is a worthy pursuit. venus is referred to as earths twin because venus is the closet planet to earths density, size, and the closest in distance. mars is also close to earth. earth, venus, and mars is our planetary neighbor, but mars and venus orbit the sun at different speeds in the solar system. the differences in speeds between mars and venus means that we sometimes are closer to mars and other time to venus. astromomers believes that long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and have various forms of life, like earth. even today, venus have earthlike features like valleys, mountains, and craters. humans have sent numerous of spacecrafts, but no spacecrafts have survived for more than a few hours. the challenging of venus is the atmosphere, the clouds, and the fahrenheit. venuss thick atmosphere is almost  percents carbon dioxide and it blankets over venus and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than we experience on earth. the most challenging of venus are the clouds because the clouds are highly corrosive sulferic acid in venuss atmosphere. venuss surface temperatures is average over  degrees fahrenheit. venusian geology and weather presents additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes,and frequent lightings strikes. also venus has the hottest surface temperature in the solar system. nasa is trying different ways to study venus. nasa has been compelling idea for sending humans to study venus, but the possible solutions to the hostile conditions on the surface is that they would allow scientists to float above the fray. they want to try and create a spacecraft that is hovering  or so miles above the roiling landscape. the temperatures will still be at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to the sea level on earth. nasa is working on different approaches for studying venus like some simplified eletronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber stimulating the chaos of the venuss surface and it have only lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is to use mechanicals computers, which are devices first envisioned in the s and played an important role in s during the world war ii. they would use these devices because it make calculations by using gears and levers and it do not require eletronics at all. it is a worthy pursuit because venus is also referred to as earths twin. but the challenge is the atmosphere, clouds, and the fahrenheit. nasa is trying to study venus. it is a worthy pursuit because it shows that how difficult it is just trying to get and sample or studying venus, but astronomers are so fascinated how venus may once was the most earthlike planet. venus have gained human curiousity that will likely lead us into many equally itimidating endeavors.