dear florida senator, the ongoing debate of whether or not the electoral college process is fair or unjust is always around you, i presume. i would like to give some personal feedback in the matters of this situation. i understand that the electoral college was created in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. source  however it is not a fair or even equal compromise. the people hardly have any political voice in this aspect. the electors that in return vote for the people generally arent chosen by the people, the electors are generally chosen by the candidates political party. some state laws vary source  if you faithfully are going to vote for the presidential candidate of your choice, you should be able to have faith in your vote. those in favor of the electoral college could make the remark that voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election...source  in the world of reality people dont just want make a comment and expect no reaction, people want to be heard. this is similar to voting, people want their vote to count toward the candidate of their choice not the electors for the candidate. this then runs into the problem of unfaithful electors. their votes are never for sure. although they claim to have trust that is rarely betrayed source  you can never be a hundred percent sure in the electors. faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please... source  if this happens the popular vote actually wouldnt go to the thought candidate. perhaps the most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. source  in a case of a tie the vote would go to the house of representatives. this means that each state would only be able to cast one vote. this is not a smart backup plan. it is not fair for states of different population sizes to have one vote basically being categorized as one. proportionally it is not right for a state who represents , such as wyoming to recieve the same number of equally weighted votes as a state who represents  million such as california. source  the electoral college also follows the winnertakeall method. this means that most in most elections the focus is on the swing states or toss up states, all the efforts go to these states. even though the voters are most likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average, and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election, as said by those who believe in the electoral college source  what about the voters who have been faithful all along? how can you expect them to feel when they barely get noticed? those are the ones the candidates should be thanking and having gratitute toward because they are the ones who will be supporting them and their campaign. i know that politics are filled with misconceptions and many confusing roles and aspects but please consider my thoughts and words. i speak for the voiceless and my fellow neighbors, but most importantly i speak for what our government was founded upon, we the people. sincerely, proper_name school_name student