the idea of driverless cars would be really cool but at the same time it would be pretty reckless. anything can happen to the car you could have an accident, and it could lead to death. but at the same time it would be cool to not have to drive on your own. you would have more time to multitask in the car. first reason the whole idea of growing up is, getting a job and learning how to drive. as a teenager you want to learn how to drive, so you can have more freedom to go where you want and when you want. with driverless cars you wont be able to have that experience. in majority i believe teens do want to learn how to do something on their own, like learning how to drive. teenagers want to go places without always having their parents drop them or pick them up from places, they want freedom. but with freedom comes responsibility which is really important for a teens parents. a parent wants their teen to obtain responsibility for their actions. for example a teen is learning how to drive and his father is teaching him how. that teen will learn how to follow instructions, which can help him in school and later in life. another example is lets say a teen has already gotten hisher drivers license and now he can drive on his own account. this teen can help around the house and go grocery shopping when his parents are too busy to go out. this teaches teenagers responsibility that they need to know later. lastly no one knows for a fact that these driverless cars can really work. yes, you can test them and they might work at that place in time but that doesnt always guarantee that it wont happen ever. somebody can be driving and perhaps the car doesnt respond on time and it crashes into another car. you can get into serious accidents, and who is to blame for that? would it be your fault or would it be the companies fault, there really isnt a way to know. in conclusion i believe that driverless cars would not be such a great idea because, anything can happen and you never know. there could be accidents or deaths. someone learning how to drive may not have the experience of learning how to. driverless cars would be cool but it can also be pretty lazy, you can get lazy and distracted easily, and not concentrate on the road ahead of you. we will just have to wait and see if in  we will have driverless cars.