and that is the composition of the typical human., the biology teacher wraps up her lecture in a rather slow, drawn out, manner. the poor students, trapped in the classroom with nothing to entertain them, but boredom. how will the teacher know when to cease this unbearable tourture? facs may be the answer. if it could accurately give the teacher information on her students feelings about the lecture, this could be extremely valuable information to help make the lecture more entertaining, and fun, for the students. my personal opinion, one that has been developed through experience, is students maintain the information, presented in the lecture, better if the teacher makes the lesson interesting and entertaining. as mentioned in the paragraph above, i believe having a facs in classrooms would be a useful asset for teachers across the country, or even the world. you see, the muscles in the human face move a certain way when expressing certain emotions. the six basic emotions, as described in the third paragraph, are happiness,surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. the problem is some of the emotions can not be read by the naked eye. allow me to explain. have you ever heard of masking emotions? a fine example would be an individual forcing a smile at someone they do not care for. different muscles are used in a forced smile, in comparision to a natural smile. some people have perfected the art of fake smiling,and the human eye can have problems noticing the person is actually doing a fake smile. the facs, however, notices the muscles being used to make the facial expression. the facs can see small details the human eye would miss. having this program in classrooms would help teachers to make their lectures a little bit more fun, you could say, for the students. in conclusion, i am on the side that says we should allow this technology to be utilized in classrooms. this could be a gamechanger for teachers. with this technology, teachers will be able to read the students expressions with accuracy. also, if the lectures are not dull, students seem to maintain the information being taught to them better. will this technology ever be used in classrooms? i do not kinow. all we can do is wait!