driverless cars are a dangerous thing that this society doesnt need. driverless cars arent completley driverless. they just stop doing their own thing as soon as they need the human help, this could cause accidents, tragic deaths, and lots of money from whoever is responsible. are driverless, safe, cars really possible? in  the first driverless car could drive under specific conditions. it even drove half a million miles without a crash. they still require a human driver to take over whenever pulling in and out of driveways. the driver also has to drive whenever there is roadwork or accidents, because the driverless cars arent capable of figuring out where to go by themselves. the awesome cars on tv that drive all by themselves with no probelm really arent a reality for us. some have hope that one day driverless cars may really happen, because of how far weve come with research and improvements. in the s general motors made a car that could drive on a special track, but the tracik was imbedded with electrical cable. this sent radio waves to the car to help direct it. berkeley engineers tried something like this, they made it so the car could read positive and negative polarity in binary code. these experiments worked really well, but in order for that to work around the world we would have to upgrade every exsisting road. thats way to expensive and quite frankly to much to ask for such a new kind of technology. in order to have driverless cars without changing every road in the world they would need lots of sensors. one sensor on the reer wheel, roof, rearview mirror, gps, inertial motion, and four automotive radar sensors. the combination of these sensors is supposed to mimic the skills of a human driving. weve used speed sensors before in the s to create antilock brakes. these sensors over the time span of ten years became so advanced that they can detect out of control skids or rollovers. in  bmw developed a new car that has traffic jam assistance, they say the car can handle speeds up to  mph, but the car still requires the driver to keep hold of the wheel. none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. these cars have been givent he ability to steer, accelerate, and bake themselves, but they all still need a driver to alert when they can no longer handle the situation. the driver has to remain alert at all times, and be ready to take over at a moments notice. manufacturers are considering using cameras insure the driver is watching the road while the car watches the driver. some manufacteres and drivers are afraid that the driver will get bored with only being able to drive half of the time. so they want to provide these cars with incar entertainment, but still have a way to inform the driver that they need to take over, and will instantly shut the entertainment off. traffic laws are made so that a car being driven by a human is the only safe way because they have control at all times. some states fear accidents so they have banned even test driving these cars. these states would include california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia. even if traffic laws were to change, new laws would still be needed. these laws would need to cover liability in case the car got into an accident, because the new technology failed. if that were to happen people fear there would be huge fights over who is responsible for the damage. the manufacter or the person who was driving. telsa believes the  project will be sucessful because they are creating a car that has the ability to drive  percent of the time. still the car is not driverless. driverless cars are more harm than they are good. sure they may save money on gas, but they would require a lot more attention than a normal car. driving in a normal car you know you have to be alert all the time. in a driverless car you dont, but if it were me id be more alert because id be afraid that all of a sudden the car isnt going to handle whats going on and turn the responsibility over to me. this would cause lots of stress and anxiety whenever trying to drive. driverless cars just arent something we need.