what the facial action coding system is a  process begins whe the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. movement of one or more mucles is called a action unit. the man thing is weather or not this facial action coding syste should be used to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valube . but there can be some good things about this and there can be some bad things about this. the pros is id the computer can read if the kid is strugling with somthing and the teacher could come help the kid. also the computer can read if the kid is depressed and needs help with somthing going on in his or her life. the cons isinvasion of privice. but with all these pros and cons i think we should have the facical actions coding system. my first reason why we should have these computers is for school. in the artical the author says a classroom computer could recognizewhen a student is becoming confused or bored. what this means if a kid is stuggling or confused the computer can read that the kid is in need of help on the thing he is working on and the teacher can come help the kid. also the good thing is if the kid is confused and needs help, but if the kid is shy or scared to ask qustions the computer can tell the teacher he or she needs help on what they are working on. last if the computer knows the person in confused the computer can stop what the kidis doing and help that person on what they are doing. this is my first reason on why we need this computer system in all schools. my second reason is the computer can read kids emotions and can help the person.  in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. of corse, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. this shows if a person is depressed and needs help but is scared to tell anybody the conputer can tell that friend so that friend can help that person out. also this can tell if a person is angry and the actions that person could do when they are angry helping that person out and other people around them, beacuse of the actions that person can do while they are mad. last this device can save lifes of people who think of suicide beacuse the computer can warn peopel these sighns helping the person out and many more people. this is my second reason why all schools should have the computer system. my third and last reason is the computer can help that person be happy if they are sad and depressed. according to facial feedback theoryof emotions putting on a happy face actually works! also  imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be differnt. what this is saying is if you are watching somthing and ad comes on and it makes you happy the computer know that you like if and it would more like that. but if a ad comes on you dont like it and frown the computer knows that and will change it fast so you stay happy. with this computer doing that it could keep a lot of kid happy. this is my third reason why all schools should have this computer system. some people my not agree with me. some people may say that it is advading your privace. but i think the computer should beacuse the computer can svae lives. also help kids learn. last it can keep kids happyand not sad. with the computer doing all of this we can keep a healthy life style and a safer envoroment for every body. this is why all schools should have this computer system to save lifes, help kids, and keep kids happy.