people go through many emotions in a day an hour or even a minute. our emotions are changing constanly and we dont even realize. some people try to fake their emotions to others and some people let their emotions out into the world. emotions come in many varities mad, sad, happy, confused, etc. as people look at us they can tell wether or not were happy, mad, or sad. they could tell by looking at our facial expressions, the way we talk, the way our body moves, and many more. as technology keeps taking over our daily lives as the years go on, a computer has been made to tell the emotions of an individual. it can tell the emotions of people in pictures, painting, or even right on the spot. the computer is thought to eventually end up in the classroom to tell the emotions of students. it would tell teachers if the students were bored or excited so they could fix their emotions on the subject they might be talking about. this has brought up the arguement as to whether the emotion telling computer should be brought into the classroom or not. their are many different opinions on this topic. the emotion telling computer should be brought into the classroom. it would be a huge achievement for every school around the world to have this device. the emotion computer should be the next best thing in the classroom. the computer could tell if the students were bored or not on a certain subject. if classrooms did have the computer teachers could look at it in the beginning and the end of class. it gives the teacher the advantage to see which method of teaching bores or excites them more. if many students were bored one day change it up the next. once students begin to be more happy as the teacher goes on the more the students will want to learn. students who are bored will not learn a thing, but students who are excited will be interested in learning and will get better grades. the article states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,dr.huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.huang the emotion telling could change the way the lesson is being taught to make it more exciting. the more students are happy and excited about learning the better the test scores and grades. some may argue that a computer would not be able to change the way a kid is feeling, however, it could make the teacher change the way his or her students are feeling. the computer should be used in the highschool classroom to tell the emotions of students. the computer could make students feel better and interact more in the classroom. the could computer could analyze the patterns of emotion in students each day. if a student has been mad or sad, the teacher could ask them whats wrong and try to fix the situation. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. the computer would be accurately precise on each students emotions. if a student was shown to be stressed or worried for a certain amount of days, a teacher could tell the parents so they could help him or her. the computer would help make many students feel better each day. some may argue that anyone could tell the emotions of another, however, the computer could get down every single emotion in a percentage. the facs computer needs to be in the classroom for everyone to use. the emotion telling computer should be the next best thing in the classroom. the computer could do many things for students, parents, teachers, faculty, and many others, it can enlighten others to do better and want to learn more. grades of students would be better, tests would be higher. everyone would be in a lot better mood if we all had the computer. the facial action coding system could do things no other would think was possible until now. the computer should be in every classroom and you should urge others to consider making the computer the face of the future for every school.