cars are not something that have to be used everyday. limiting car usage could be a good thing to do. minimizing car usage gives you the opportunity to have more parks and fun places to go without the parking lot taking up all the space. less space for parking makes everything more easier to get to which is an advantage instead of having to walk in the parking lot . for example,  . . . make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking.  in german suburb, life goes on without cars, elisabeth rosenthal, paragraph  . this explains that if you get rid of the cars theres more space to park and everything else becomes easier to get to versus having many parking spaces taking up room and causing traffic and other things. also with not using cars theres more room for small stores and big stores to be put in different places that couldnt be put there because of cars so you could drive. for example,  . . . stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway.  in german suburb, life goes on without cars, elisabeth rosenthal, paragraph   and  parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour retsrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, andrew selsky, paragraph . this shows that now theres more spaces for even more stores which is an advantage because the cars used to take up that space used for bigger roads for more cars to come on but without that problem theres room for other things. also its a good way to save money because it decreases smog, and air polllution. for example,  congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog.  paris bans driving due to smog, robert duffer, paragraph . this shows that after france decided to stop using cars the smog decreased tremendisely. having no vehicles can also make the environment better because there wouldnt be a lot of carbon being produced. for example,  . . . it will have a benificial implications for carbon emissions and the environment.  the end of car culture, elisabeth rosentha, paragraph . which is an example of how it could better for the environment. an advantage also is there will be less pollution. for example, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution . . . this explains that it would be a good thing for us , we would have better breathing and also again a better environment . in conclusion, minimizing driving usage could lead to better things such as less pollution, a better environment , and lastly more room for other things . so theyre are many advantages to minimizing driving usage, its not so bad.