a visit to venus will give you many opportuntiies.the author supported many things about studying venus is a worthy pursuit, but can be dangerous. in can peers didnt know that. venus is second planet from the sun, but is also is the closest planet to earth. you will have a great chance to explore venus becaue it is nearest planet that is close to earth.venus is called the evening star because of how bight it is and is simple to be spotted. long while back venus used to be covered with largely with oceans and have supported various forms of life just like earth. now it has cnahged, so thats why many people are trying to study the new venus nasa has sent humans to study venus. nasa is the only possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus. because venus is sometimes right around the corner in space terms humans have sent numerous spaceship to land on this cloud draped world. author  this proves that many people and spaceships has been sent to venus since it is the closest planet and to learn about it. many things has been sent to venus instead if people because of the high temperature.they have sent spacehips and tablets to experiment it. only opportunity you will be able to go to venus is join with nasa and study. majority all peers has got to that point if they have gone to a another planet. only reason why theyre warning you its for any poor conditon in case! it matters because going and study or visit another planet can be challenging. becoming a peer that has many open opportunitys is a great and worthy. for example studying and proably visiting venus is higly recommneded since it is the closest planet to earth. although, it is also the second planet that is close to the sun. sun can kill you from at the heat which that can be dangerous.venus has the hottest surfave temperature of any planet in our solar system. thats why nasa is established. studying and joining with nasa is a better opportunity other then going alone because you can be in danger and can cause you extremely consequences. venus has value, human curiosity will likely lead us into many intimidating emdeavors.