the challenge of exploring venus is about nasa wanting to figure out a way to get to venus without getting hurt or damaged or at least being able to send a space craft ,but none of the space crafts have survived so the have to keep on thingking of ways to get to venus not because something is wrong ,but because the are facinated by the so called earths twin or evening star. venus however is not a planet where you can just go to, the temperatures are so hot they melt most of the space crafts and the pressure so high that a submarine would be crushed. nasa wants to try to allow scientist to float above the fray hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian land to try and get a close up to the planet without getting hurt. the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers by telling me and all of the people reading this text that long ago their might have been a time where  venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some of those features that are analogus to those on earth just like on earth venus also has valleys and mountains. the author also thinks its a good idea to keep studying venus because  the value of returning to venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientificaly productive? the author thinks it important to get to venus but also want to be safe about it. in paragraph  the author states striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likley lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. in this paragraph the author is telling us that exploring things is important in life in order to se what else is out there exploring different things can also be useful depending on whats found out there. in the article the challenge of exploring venus i think the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangesrs by giving us so many examples as to why it might be a good idea to work through the dangers and work our way towards finding a safe way to get to venus.