in this passage the challenge of exploring venus, ill give the author a full credit for this assignment on how he describe venus. the author gave a lot of detail about venus. there is so many stuff i learned about venus like it the hottest planet. the author really supported his ideas, sometimes it makes it intresting and sometimes it seems challenging to go to venus. this author is so detail it like his counting  piece of a humans hair. the author gave us so many detail about venus. venus planet surface temperature is an average of  degrees fahrenheit, oooh man that hot. also the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our planet, that a bit dangerouse because it could crush submarine underwater. this one is my favorite because it really intresting. venus has high pressure and heat and the weather present erupting volcanoes, powerful eathquake, and frequent lightning stikes, i found that out really intresting because we dont that much here we will get them like once in  month. the author gave us so many detail i could just keep going, that was just  of the detail. if you wanna learn about venus, this is where you should start reading. i say that because just by reading this i get the hang of it. some things i learned are, venus is the hottest planet in our solar system. here is something really intresting mercury is the closest to the sun but still, venus is way hotter i find that out pretty intresting. we know the sun is really hot, totally if you get really close to it. also venus is a challenging planet for humans to study because of the planets conditions. the author support his title the challenge of exploring venus by giving us detail about how dangerous it is. the author just doesnt say it dangerous or challenging. it giving reasons how it dangerous, like no spacecraft survuded landing more than a few hour. the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere. also like i said it the hottest planet in our solar system. no human can really live long in a hot planet. if people lived in venus they will have trouble living their because there is a lot of storm, that dont really often happens in earth. also solar power would be plentiful, and radition would not exceed in earths level. in conclusion, the author has supported his title with ideas. the author gave plenty of detail about venus and how it challenging. there is so many stuff i learned about venus like it the hottest planet. the author really supported his ideas, sometimes it makes it intresting and sometimes it make it seems challenging to go to venus. i love how the author just gives spectacle detail about venus.