through out the day emotions can change quickly just by looking at something or talking to someone. people emotions are an everyday thing,and software is be creating to were the technology can read a person a emotion. not a lot of people like to describe how they feel, and no one can really understand how they feel if they show no emotion. now wait what if the computer can still decet emotion without needing to take a survey or as questions, just by using muscle recantion.the use of technology to read emotional expressions of students in the classroom is valuable because the technology is more effiecnt and can detect a slight muscle in the face, also can tell if the emotion is a lie,and lastly the technology can later help schools figure out what a studnet would rather like to read or how the would to learn it by using emtotion decter. the technology is valuable because it can detect the slightest muslce in the face. studies say that if a person makes a slight change in the face the computer can read the face and show how the student feels about the lesson him or her are learning. also the technology is useful to figure that the muscle that is being used to give off the emotion can later help other understand the person better and knows what will satsify them or not. in paragraph five it says,in fact, we humans pefrom this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how friend is feeling by simpliy looking at on her face. another reason is that the technology is effienct and does work properly. the technology can dectect if the emtion is trying to be created rather than true.in the text paragraph eight it says,but in a false smile,the mouth is streched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle,the risorius. this saying that in are we use differnet mucles to make different faces. just slightly is the face is changed then the technology can detect wether or not if the face is false or true. lastly,it would be valuable for students in the classroom because can dectect how the student fills about a certain lesson or objective. the technology the can tell the teacher how the student is feeling during the assignment or passage being read. then give them other options to were they can feel more engertic about the lesson.in pargraph six it says,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective instructor.this evidence helps explain how that a computer can change how a student will about school and make it more attentive and to follow along more instead being bored and confused. in conclusin,technology is valuable to help read and understand students emotions. the technology would read the muscles to help getting understanding of how the studnets feels. then can tell if the emotion is being created and not a true emotion. lastly, could help to teachers get understanding of what the studnet would prefer rather than just giving them boring and confused passages the studnet does not understand. thats how technology could further work and help schools with a better learning effecient.