are you ever afraid to drive in fear of an accident? did you know that  of car acciddents are caused by human drivers. driverless cars are soon going to become a reality in our world as google and many other car companys are making driverless cars. driverless cars seem to be a very good idea to me because of how they can get you where you need to go as you relax and not worry about focusing too hard, allow you to not have to carefully monitor other drivers, and how they allow a human to take control as the human desires. first, driverless cars would be able to get you where you need to go without having to focus too hard on driving. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. here, the passage talks about how reliable driverless cars can be. being able to rely on the car to focus on the driving for you can be a huge relief when under a lot of stress while driving. secondly, i think driverless cars are a good idea because of how you dont have to carefully monitor the driving of others. your driverless car will tell you when someone is driving recklessly and allows you to take control of the car at any moment you would like. this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. the passage talks about how driverless cars will be able to notify the human in the car of any problem that might require a human driver. thirdly, i think driverless cars are a good idea because the human is able to drive whenever they want. it isnt as if you are forced to let the car drive itself. i believe that this is a great feature for people who love to drive as they can drive as they wish. some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over. the passage states that the driver could take over whenever they feel like it and enjoy incar entertainment when not wanting to drive. finally, driverless cars are a very good idea because they allow you to take focus off the road and put it elsewhere, not have to focus on other drivers, and have the ability to choose to drive and not drive whenever you feel like it. driverless cars are most likely going to be in our world very soon. i believe that it will be a great experience for everyone.