the challenge of exploring venus an article that shows shows imagintion and motivation of venus. in this article the author did a well job on showing both positives and negatives of this idea. he talks about venus and the most information about this planet. in his introduction he has a hooking sentence getting the readers attention by saying the nickname for the planet. he backs up his idea by showing facts and history instead of saying his opinion. it is said by the author that its a good idea on exploring venus. the negatives and positives about this planet are well explained and shown by the author. the author first begins talking about the negatives about the planet to show that it also has negatives and is clear about the information and still supporting his claim. he begins by mentioning the failure of humans sending numerous spacecrafts to land on venus and only lasting few hours in paragraph . the author also talks about its climate and atmosphere in section . which on average overs  degrees fahrenheit and and is  times greater in atmospheric pressure. after talking about the negatives and cons about venus the author then dives into the positives and shows more postives then negatives. he begins by telling the readers in paragraph  that venus is referred to as earths twin showing that venus is worth exploring if it is compared to earth and feeling safe about it. in paragraph  the author talks about venus possibly having life when he tells the reader that long time ago venus was covered in oceans and could have supported life. the author backs up his idea by showing facts on the possibilities of sending humans to explore the planet. he gives informations and in paragraph  talking about nasas idea of sending humans to study venus and developing solutions to the hostile conditions. in section  the author brings more research from nasa that is testing simplified electronics and lasting  weeks in such conditons. to reinforce his idea he talks in paragraph  of scientist going to to venus to conduct important research such as samples from rock and gas. the author madehis idea clear and showed it with good information. he showed the cons about his idea and then the positves. he gave the readers basic information in his introduction. he tehn dived into his idea and backed it with many important research information. the author showed his idea with him never saying his opinion.