as many countries in the world starting on develop high techonology, the use of computers is very necessary. scientists begin working on study new techonology to help humans lives become more convinience. one of the new uses of techonology is that reading, and identifying human emotions. while highschool students usually have trouble to know their friends, and classmates oppinions about them, the new technology called the facial action coding system in a classroom is valuable. the use of computers to read humans emomtions expressions is helpful, because it can read emotional expression accurately, and people will need it, especially students. highschool students often curious about what people think about them, but somtimes they could not know what the emotion exactly means. therefore, they need techonology that can help them, specifically the facial action coding system. this techonology allows computers to analyze both simple and complex facial expressions. in order to do this, the computer has to built up d movements of facial muscles, and all those movements are the same as movements of the face in real life. one more way we can tell this technology can work well is that it compares every emotion to a no emotion face, because it says each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. in the text. with its characteristics, the facial action coding system can help students in classes. students then can understand their classmates, partners easier. they would feel more confidence, and could focus on lessons better. the purpose of studying techonology is to help humans lives become better, all techonologies are really useful and have certain value to humans, including the use of facial action coding system. this is a technology that can help identify correctly people feeling base on what they are showing in their faces. when highschool students often face challenges to understand other students facial expressions, the use of this techonology is needed. it is not only because it can work well, but it also help classes more effectively by improving students feeling. this technology is very valuable, and every students will need one.