driverless cars are touted as the future of society and a solution to public transportation problems in the modern world. driverless cars utilize technology to let computers make decisions on where and when a car should move. however, driverless cars take control out of human hands. driverless cars should be not be developed due to many obstacles in manufacturing and practical use that decrease the benefits of driving them. one aspect of driverless cars that prevents them from being beneficial is their high cost. according to driverless cars are coming, roads that use a certain type of driverless car would require new wires and radio transmitters as upgrades, which would be extremely expensive. the cars themselves would utilize cuttingedge sensors, cameras, and threedimensional projections to function, which would definitely increase the cost. the lack of control over the vehicle at all times would most likely lead to more accidents, especially if driverless cars would share the road with humandriven cars. these accidents would also raise the price of owning a driverless car. in addition to the high cost of accidents, the decision on who is at fault for a crash in a driverless car would cause new complications in daily life. when driverless cars do get in accident due to a malfunction, neither the owner or the manufacturer would want to claim responsibility. this disagreement will cause confusion in courts and unnecessarily add more workload to government systems that handle insurance and punishment. eventually a consensus on who is responsible for driverless car crashes would impact the way people live. if the manufacturers were found to be guilty, then driverless cars would be made mandatory and probably more expensive in order to minimize risk of accidents and increase profits to offset the costs of crashes. if drivers were agreed to be at fault, they would constantly be on edge to make sure their car doesnt hit another car, which would defeat the purpose of having a driverless car. the final aspect of driverless cars that make their development not worthwhile is their inability to be fully driverless. without full automation, drivers would still need to pay attention and be able to drive at any time. according to the article, safety means a car has a human driver in control. people in driverless cars would be risking their lives by trusting a computerdriven system that could shut off at any moment to give control to a human driver. teens would still need to be trained to drive, which is expensive, but only need to apply those skills a fraction of the time they do today. the public transportation system mentioned in driverless cars are coming would not only be dangerous, but probably result in people being late to their destinations due to system malfunctions or strict adherence to speed limits that people do not follow. driverless cars seem to be the figurehead of fuel efficient, effortless transportation. however, driverless cars have many downsides that would waste money, time, man hours, and lives. completely automated cars would force people to put their lives at risk every day. modern cars that are computerassisted but not driverless are safer and allow people to be in control of their safety.