well using facial recognition to read the emotional expressions of the students in class seems pointless to use. in what ways would it help to know how a teachers students are feeling? students are at school to learn what they need to learn, not neccesarily what they want to know. it is not their choice what they learn, so if they get bored or not, it does not mean you could just modify the lesson, but instead they would have to finish the lesson one way or another. facial recognition of students expressions in the class room, would not help their education in any ways. having this technology in the classroom not only may it tell the emotions of the children, but it invades their personal privacy as well. the way students feel while in class has a much greater horizen than just inside the classroom, but as well as everything going on in their lives, such as parents, friends, things at home, work, etc. which is an invasion of personal privacy to the way someone feels, that may have nothing to with school. it is said in the article a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, but what about all the other emotions other than just confusion and bordem? all the other that are included such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness, but the problem with this is that these arent all the emotions but merely just six specfic ones. so how could you determine how someone is feeling emotionally without all the other emotions that all concide with each other? you cant, because its impossible to tell how someone is feeling emotionally. it all comes back to the facial action coding system, can it accurately determine someones emotional state only through facial expressions? as stated but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. to an expert, faces dont lie, the system may be able to tell if the subject is faking a facial expression, but what help would that be in the classroom. even if someone is faking an emotion, you still truely couldnt tell how they feel mentally especially through facs. as dalto says eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness this means the system only has  basic emotions, it still couldnt be able comprehend the greater complexity of feelings and how they all work together to truely tell how a person is feeling. the facs could be very helpful in many other fields, the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery. it could change everything, the way plastic surgery is performed, create simulations, help mental health, it could be used in court to find if someone is guilty, military, and medicine as well. the application could have millions of good uses around the world as well as endless possiblities for the future, just not for education. in conclusion i believe using the facial action coding system would not only be wrong, but inaccurate, an invasion of privacy, and would have no good practical use in a classroom. although it could have many applications in other fields it just wouldnt work out in a setting of a school or college, reading the emotional expressions of students. there are other ways to be able to engage students in work and to help them when they are struggling. teachers need to be able to help their students, having software that can tell a students emotions wont help anything or anyone until the teacher steps in and does something. but having a computer to read students facial experssions to be able to know their emotions would only add onto the problem.