driverless cars are coming soon or later? people have argued that there are positive and negative things about this crazy invention. i see alot of negative things about this invention that is suppose to come into the world by technology. if the car would fail at a point you could be injured, injured bad or death can occur, people have less experince driving and people will be more lazy then what they already are, and someone could even fall asleep because they arent incontrol of the car the car is incontrol of you and something bad could happen if your in danger and the car doesnt alert you like its suppose to or what if it doesnt? what if the car fails at letting you know you are in danger and something bad happens is it your fault or the cars fault? if the car fails at telling you this you could be hurt, hurt badly or you could put your life at risk and you could die if your in seroius trouble. you cant depend on nobody or nothing but yourself. i feel like this could put your life at risk. most people would like to drive the car not the car drive them. technology could break down at any time you just never know when that time is. it may not work at its best like they say it will, at some point and time it will or could fail people would have less experince as drivers do today and people would be more lazy. what if your in danger and your incontrol of the car now what if that person has lack of experince and they wont know what to do. they will be in danger and could really hurt themselfs or others. they could crash into another car or crash into smething. this invention is sounding very dangerous not just too me but many others. people are already lazy enough and they would be even more lazy with this invention. technology is taking control over our world and this would be a big one. some car accidents are going to happen in the world but i feel like most people are alert and focus already on the road and their surroundings. if you arent incontrol of the car you could possibly fall asleep at the wheel and what if you need to take over? then what? something serious could happen and you could put you and others at risk. most people want to be incontrol of the car and not have the car be incontrol of them. this invention is very dangerous and i dont feel like it would help our world today. if this invention isnt made i feel it will cause no stress and not alot of worries about the negativities that could happen. technology is taking over our lifes very quickly and thats not how it should be. i hope this dangerous invention doesnt come soon or later in our lifes we need to be resposible of being incontrol of the car at all times. this could cause lack of responsibility in many of peoples lifes. this invention is very dangerous. i hope many others see alot of negatives i see in this invention that might happen in the world i would like to see and many other would like to see more people come together and argue that this is dangerous and shouldnt happen in our world. we shouldnt want to be control by technology. bad things could happen to you, mine, and others lifes.