have you ever dreamed of being on another plante? have you ever wondered what is the closest plante to earth? have you ever asked your self where would our next destination be? well, in the challenge of exploring venus the author does an amazing job on explaning these qustions and even more like why is venus sometimes is called the earths twin? what calenges we might face on venus? and what is it like? first, the author discuses the differens of the star venus and the plante venus. the star venus is usually the brightest star in the sky and often is referred to as the evening star but the plant venus is the second closest plant to the sun and the closest plante to earth and is often referred to as earths twin. venus is similar to earth in many ways, some of wich are density and size. next, we have not sent a singal spacecraft to venus in almost  years. the reason behind the lack of missions to venus is because venus is souronde in a thick atmosphere that is made of  percent of carbon dioxide and many other factors that the author discuses in paragraph three and four of the passage. the conditions on venus are far more extrene than those on earth. in the passage ir says the  such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans. finally, what is venuss crust like? and why are scientists thinking of sending anyone ther? in paragraph four and five the author explains how venuse might have ben once the most earthlike planet in our solar system. today, venus still has some earthlike feuturs. mountains, valleys, and craters are some of the future that you might find on venus. in conclusion, the author did a great job explaning why studying venus is an important no matter what chalenges we might face. in the eighth paragraph the author said  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges os imagination and innovation. i  agree with the author and thonk that we should prdue exploring outter spcae no matter what problems we might face.