luke bomberger wants to become a seagoing cowboy. he really wants to become one. he crossed the atlantic ocean  times and the pacific ocean twice to help people by world war . i got that off in the beginning of the story. in paragraph  it says that he had made nine tripsthe most of any seagoing cowboy. in paragraph  it says luke also toured an excavted castle in crete. so far he is going good and he also became a seagoing cowboy and he is doing great. helping out his aunt katies farm as a boy had prepared luke for hard work nut not for dangers at sea. on lukes second trip luke served as night watchman. luke had a little accident and he could not work for a couple of days because of cracked ribs but he was glad he made it out alive. luke had wonderful times and then bad ones but he always worked hard to become and seaboy cowboy and so far he is doing pretty bad right now because he broke his ribs. luke also found time to have fun on board. being a seagoing cowboy was being more than an adventure for luke. it opened up the world to him. luke bomberger said im grateful for them opportunity. he wanted to be a seagoing cowboy it was his dream it was all he has wanted to be and his dream came true he was the most wonderful seagoing cowboy he was hard working and he made it look fun. he worked hard for his dream and he has made it come true. he has done wonderful things. he has helped the people that needed help.in all these paragraph there is a short pharagraph about what he done or what he was about to do. so this story was basicly about luke and how he wanted to be a seagoing cowboy. in pharagraph  it tells about how is life was about to change after his high school gradution. at first he was working two parttime at the grocery store. that is were he was and used to be and that is were he was working. but now he has an even better life. so this was about luke bomberger and his wonderful life and how he helped and how he used to be after he became a seagoing cowboy. what made luke love seagoing so much how did he get into it what made him love it so much what made him want that and not other things. i mean he started out at a grocery store the he land in begin a seagoing cowboym i guess he enjoyed that the most because he reallly done a lot of great things in his life he has gone done places he has basilly wanted to do. he has gone places he has wanted to go he has done things he has never done before. i mean if i was luke i would be so happy for myself and what i have done to have such great gift. now that his dreams came true in begin a seagoing cowboy. well he has a good path on his way he still has a wonderful jorney to go on. he has earned great stuff and he also deservet because out of his old life he has a whole life up a head no that he has got what he wanted he is going to try and keep it. he is going to work hard and be the best he can at everything. luke omberger got what he has always wanted now he has a great life on his way. hope you have a good one luck bomberger.