have you ever wanted to be a sea going cowboy? well i got some reasons why you should join. and if you think your not have fun you mistaking. one more little you get explore. well i got some really cool facts about joing the seagoing cowboys. here are some facts about seagoing cowboys. if you like anmals this would be allot of fun for you because the one thing that you will be doing is hanging out with animals. another reason is that if you have adventure side to you your gonna love this you get to go all over the world on a boat at that so not only exploring the land but the ocean. also one more thing if you have ever thought of going to a different country an speaking multi languges well you get do that on a daily bases. and it is very fun ihave some reasons why it might be fun to you. it is very fun so if you like here some reasons to get you interested. you can play animals and if thta isnt fun i dont know what is. also you get play games after you drop off the animal such as table tennis,volley ball, and boxing oh and if you want to just chill after all that fun you can read a book. also you can look over the rail and see the water and if get luck you see some sea life. and there is some bad things about being a seagoing cowboy. there are some bad things though but you get used to it. one thing is that if you have family you wont get to see them but dont worry you get to see them after you get back from all that fun and you can tell them about it. another reason is that when your on board um you gotta take care of animals like clean the manuer of the ground and bathe them some they stay healthy oh and feed them but after that your done for the day but remmber your helping other people. one more reason you wont have the luxury of sleeping on a soft warm bed but you wil get used to it. but other those bad reasons it is really fun to be a seagoing cowboy. remmeber how i said you get to go to other countrys well you can learn new things. you get to learn new things i have a few reasons how you get to learn new things. like a new language like if you to germany you can learn german. also you can learn new cultures and lifstyles of and govermenteconomy.one other thing is that you will learn what type of people there are there nice or mean. also they could have different types of than what america has. one other thing is that you will learn how to live on a boat so you could possibly own your own boat when you get out of your service. maybe you might meet their leader and shake his hand you ever know what you might learn in a different place. you could meet new people maybe even make new freinds. like you could meet the presidentleader but you could meet other people. and this has brought us to my conclusion. with these facts i have give i hope you chang mind. just remmeber you would be given alot of opurtunitys. so willyou become a seagoing cowboy.