the author supports the article, the challenge of exploring venus, well by giving us ideas on how to get to venus safely, relating venus to earth and by including information on how exploring from a distance will not work. the article the challenge of exploring venus, gives ideas on how to get to venus safely by building vehicles that wont touch the ground due to its hot conditions. in the text it states,  ...nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus... solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. the author writes this to addon to influence the pursuit by having a safe way to get to venus. futhermore the author supports the idea of exploring venus being a worthy pursuit by adding information on how it relates to earth. in the text it states, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system... venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have support various forms of life, jut like earth. the text also states,... venus today still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. relating their challenge to earth makes readers think about how venus could have went from earthlike to a pit of fire. additionally, the author supports the idea of exploring venus despite its dangers by including information on how exploring venus from a distance will not work. in the text it states,... hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on the group conditions...rendering standard forms on photography... ineffective. to be able to explore venus indept they will have to touch ground to explore effectively. in the text it also states,... researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough misson to understand venus would need to get up close and personal... the author uses this to show us that exploring venus for our knowledge means we need to get onto the planets ground not hovering. in conclusion the author supports this idea of venus being a worthy pursuit despte the dangers it presents by including valid information to get to the planet safely, relating venus to earth and by giving information on why exploring from a distance wont work. to support the reason of venus being a worthy pursuit the author is giving information to make people want to do something.