i believe that the use of technology in the classroom that allows computers to read the facial expressions of students and understand their emotions is extremely valuable. i think this becuase, it could recognize when a student may need more help, it would make learning online much more effective, and could help a variety of ways all through different grades. the text talks about how a computer could tell how a student is feeling about the material. paragraph six states a classroom computer could predict when a student is becoming confused or bored dalto. by predicting when students have become confused, or bored by the matieral, it could allow the teacher to know who needs more help. after seeing this the teacher could possibly pull these students asside and try re teaching the lesson in a different way that they would undertsand better or would keep them more engaged. this type of technology could also be extremely valuable to somebody doing online schooling. the text states, most human communication is nonverbal...so computers need to understand that too dalto. this example shows that as of now a computer is unable to comprehend a lot of the communication a human puts out. if, for example, a kid taking an online math lesson understood everything to begin with, but then became confused after a certain new topic was brought up, the computer with this new technology could easily recognize this and expand more on this new part and make sure the student displayed signs of understanding before moving on. another big advantage to this type of technology is that it can be used effectively to help in classrooms from pre school, all the way through college. for example if in an early grade, a student was playing a learning game and displayed a frown, the computer could quickly recognize that this student is not enjoying the particular game, and could maybe shift to another game that would be more suited for this childs learning preferences. paragraph  also states, the same technology can make computer animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery dalto. by making faces more realistic in video surgery it could even be useful to a student whom is in medical school, or by allowing for a wider range of creativity in someone who is in to designing animated video games or movies. to conclude, i believe this technology could be a great addition to all kinds of classrooms for a number of reasons. this could be a huge advancement in todays education system.