have you ever woken up one day and thought what life would be like without cars. can there be advantages to limiting car usage? there have been people studying this and wondered what life would be without cars or trucks. in paris they enforced a law that stated on monday motorists with evennumbered liscense plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or pay a euro fine. the same rule would apply for even numbered liscense plates the next day. the reason that paris did this was because they had days of nearrecord pollution, and banned cars to help clear the air of the global city. would limiting car usage for america be an advantage? no it wouldnt, you know why. the reason being is because there are alot more americans not making money or not trying to make money, americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . whether if thats because of americans not making enough income to purchase new cars or teens and adults prefering to take the tram or a bus as said by mr. sivak whose son lives in san francisco and has his own car but takes the area rapid transit, when he can, even though it takes longer than driving. limiting car usage is also starting to become an advantage in other countries as well. in bogota, colombia they had a day without cars, and people hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work. like in paris theyre goal was to reduce smog, and if they violated the rules they were fined a whopping . a businessman carlos arturo plaza said,its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution.also parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the cityuneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks. when its all said and done research shows that there are advantages to limiting car usage. some countries are taking the extra step to try and solve the problems of pollution in theyre country. paris for example are giving people that are out driving on monday with odd number liscense plates a euro fine, and the same goes for even on the next day to help with theyre problems with smog. even in america teens and adults would rather take the tram or the bus, being able to drive isnt a priority to some people in america. in colombia they have a day without cars and theyre goal as well is to reduce smog and pollution in theyre country, and giving  fines to those who dont follow the rules. so overall it would be an advantage to limit car usage.