have you ever wondered whst itd be like to always have a ride to places? the thought of one person sitting in a car alone and not having to drive to reach their destination sounds pretty luxurios to me. ther have been, and will always be debates over the existance of driverless cars. everyone knows that, in a car, safety is always the most important thing. i honestly believe that driverless cars can be made safe if they arent already, and they should most definately be seen on the road in a few years. like i stated earlier, safety is the most signifigant quality in an automobile. as stated in passage number nine, most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passangers, and pedestrians safe. im pretty sure most of the manufacturers making these driverless cars are aware of this also. the googlr cars have been driving themselves since  without an accident. the thing is mainly that the driver should still be alert, and ready to take over in a dangerous situation. manufacturers are working towards this problem being solved in a few years. also, these self driven cars would use less fuel. in passage number one, it states that google founder sergey brin forsees driverless cars using half the fuel of todays taxis. this would make the automobile more efficient, and economical. i hear people everyday complaining about not being able to go places, because of the lack of fuel they are able to afford. well if half today would be full in the future, than what is there to worry about. go out, have fun, do as you please. lastly, but most definately not least, with driverless cars it would be almost impossible to get lost. in driverless cars there would be an internal gps that knows where it is going. also, constant updates would notify of any roadwork or detours. the possibility of just typing an address, and just relaxing as you go about your driverless trip certainly sounds satisfying. the endless road trips and vacations would be fantastic. in my closing, driverless cars in afew years could become safer than human skilled driving. having to pay less for gas is always a good thing, and never getting lost in places you dont know makes you more confident to go more places. driverless cars can really change the world with all of the ideas and things that come along with them. the possibilities are endless, and simply fantastic. i almost cant wait to see what can happen in just a few years.