in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author describes why humans should continue to explore venus. the author of the article makes several convincing claims throughout said article. one example is in paragraph four it states that long ago venus was very earth like in the fact that it was largly covered in ocean. as most of us have been taught that water is essential for all life to be able to survive. venus also has many geological features similar to earth in that it has valleys,mountains,and craters. these similarities make us curious and what to ask the question if venus was so earth like then did it ever contain living organisms? also we must ask ourselves could it ever sustain life. another factor that makes humanity so curious about venus as it states in paragraph four as well that venus is one of our nearest options for a planetary visit. imagine looking up at clear stary night and along with the pale face of the moon and the twinkling of the stars. you would see a shining glow in the distance wondering what could it be what is going on there and can i visit it. for venus it is entirely possible to do so. though one might say that the author gave too many negative factors to visiting venus. yes he does but these are but challenges in the way of human curiosity. yes the air might be ninetyseven percent carbon dioxide yes the surface might temperature might be eight hundred degrees. can these challenges stand in the way of human injanuity and our will to discover the unkown. no nothing can stand in the way of human curiosity. for eaxample in pragraph seven it states that nasa is working on other approaches such as simplified electronics made of silicon carbide. this invention has even been tested by the simulated chaos of venus and it lasted for three weeks. though we might not be ready yet for our long awaited visit to venus it will adventualy be possible. i might not live to see it but in the wake of human curiosity and the will to discover the unkown nothing can stand in our way. nothing will stop us from reaching for the stars.