the challenge of exploring venus my claim that support the passage is  do not judge a book by it cover despite the facts that venus is one of the brightest points in the night sky, it was simple for amateur stargazer to spot. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size and closest in distance. the only difference between the venus and earth is the speed because sometimes we are closer to venus because it is always around the corner. no spacecraft has ever survived landing on venus. venus is marked as the challenging planet for human despite the promixity and the similarities they both share. there is  carbon dioxide which bblankets venus and it is more challenging due to the highly corrosive sulfuric acid in its atmosphere. the atmospheric pressure in venus is more greater than what we experience on earth and also it has the hottest surface. according to paragraph , the astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth like planet in our solar system. venus was for once looks like earth which includes different oceans and some rocky sediments which partains to mountains and valley. eventhough venus is no more condusive for human being it is still consider as one of nearest option for planetary visit for humans. nasa are compelling ideas for sending human to study venus. the possible solution for nasa to study will allow the scientist to fly above the fray. if blimplike vehicle hovering above the venus was created this would be of help to the astronants to complete their research because the vehicle wont come down to the surface of the venus that low, but there would be a lot of solar power and radiation so that the condition can be survivable for the humans. if a ship orbiting safely above the venus is created this wouid help to provide some insight about the ground conditions because most form of light cant penetrate the dense atmosphere so this will render any form of photography in effective and also things cannot be picked from the surface of the venus, so with this scientist is planning to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close despite the challenges theyre going to face. according to paragraph , nasa is working on other approaches to study venus examples are some simplified electronics made of silicon and also using the mechanical computers to study the surface of the venus but using a modern computer can be delicate because of the the risk it entakes. finally, for scientist to study the venus they need to create some powerful equipments that can be of help to them. venus is large but due to the risk, it is made difficult for scientist to study it.