the author explaines how he sees it as a challenge a goal to reach, in paragraph , states striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimdating endeavors. it shows how he beileves that he could reach this goal, hes convinced that it is a worthy challenge to meet. according to paragraph , no spacecraft survived the landing for over a couple hours, each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. the author issues the problem that in three decades not one spacecraft has landed on venus, numeros issues, also venus reputation as a unpossible mission for human study. according to the text, numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for human to study, despite its proximity to us. this proves the point of why in three decades not one spacecraft hasnt landed, because its dangerous to be around there, theres a high chance that your running into death for a study that nobody really sure about, stating that there could be a chance. that it could be somewhat like earth. astronomers are trying to get to venus, because they beileve that venus was once like earth like the factors that earth have, they beileve that venus also have it. according to paragraph ,  astronmers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. that shows how there into studying more into venus and going try to complete the mission that nobody has done to go to venus and study it and see if theres life in venus. factors that relate earth with venus is all the features it haves. according to the facts in the passage it states. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleyes, mountains, and craters. author states that venus could be are options to vist. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a panetary vist, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. the author decribes how the national aeronautics and space administration has an idea or creation to make the vist to venus happened. nasas solution or idea is to send humans to study venus. they manage that goal with there plan that they think that could work. such as decribed in paragraph  it says. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. it explains how they plan to send humans to venus and study venus. that there plan to reach that challenge that hasnt been done. many researchers have the idea to work on there machines to last longer enough to be put in venus and to really to study it from close enough.  many researchers are working on inovation that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. this statement shows that the plan they have to travel human and going around it isnt enough or not good enough to get the good studies in the planet, to see the true facts. nasa has been working on electrioncs that could be used in the planet perhaps from projects and expermeints. putting them into test in a environment like if it was venus. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this shows how they think there could be life in venus and perhaps step on that planet like if it was earth. this shows how nasa, science really want to meet this challenge and making it a goal to accomplish. there convinced that venus is somewhat like earth. perhaps no one has been there for the risk for human to be there. there working on to make it happened with reasearch science. new ideas that they put to test. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by danger and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this is what the author strongly describes with back up information and details.