driverless cars are positve tools coming to our future. with the new technology that is being created today, it will be possible to create a safe and effective way of transportation. a person will simply not have to worry about transportation as often as today. a positive aspect of driverless cars is the capability to flexible transportation. the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. while there are many methods of transportation in the city, such as trains, buses, taxis, and even ubers, people still plead for a better method to transportation. driverless cars will fundamentally provide a way for people to get to their destination safely. safety is one of the biggest concerns of america. many people are injured and killed each year from car accidents. driverless cars will provide safety to reduce and potentially eliminate car accidents. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. the developing driverless cars have a positive report on eliminating car wrecks. this information is in favor of road safety. while driverless cars are in the making, the current traffic jam assistant is a feature fully available. this is helping the development of driverless cars as a whole. the car can hand handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. improvements in technology are advancing toward driverless cars. with the current model of driverless cars, people can still drive the car in difficult situations if necessary. the road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination every day. a problem many see arising is the liability charges that could potentially happen if a driverless car makes a mistake. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? as many believe the technology can fail, automakers are solving these problems. automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that problems ahead will be solved. many of the problems people are worried about and opposing driverlss cars are in the works of being solved. driverless cars can benefit everyone. better transportation, safety, and convenience are a few of the positive benefits that can make a difference in the world. as technology is advancing, driverless cars are near the future.