venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers because of the temperatures, the most earth like in our systems, and limited insight on ground conditions. one reasons why venus is a worthy and danger is because of the temperatures average. in the passage paragraph  the author said that even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planet surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenhit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greather than what we experience on our own planet.in the passage paragraph  it also said that venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our system, even though mercury is closet to the sun the author is saying how hot venus is and it is even hotter than the planet that closet to the sun. the second reasons why that studying venus is aworthy and pursuit despite the danger is because venus is the most earth like in our solor systems. in the pessage paragraph  it said  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solor system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the passage in paragraph  also said that the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familar features such as calleys. mountains, and craters. futhermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetray visit, a crucial consideration given the lontime frames of space travel. it is saying that venus and earth are similar and it is a worthy pursuit. the last reasons why venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it because of the limited insight on ground conditions. in the passage paragraph  it said  however, peerinng at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else from a distance. this is saying that venus has its own limited on ground. and you cant take any sample out of venus. in conclusion the studying venus is a wrothy pursuit despite dangers it present. it because of the temperature, the most earth like in our solor system and limited insight on the ground conditions.