new technology is always created, and it only gets better and better every time. technology is very important in schools because most kids are accustomed to interacting with technology on a daily basis. this makes school a little more fun for students who do not enjoy school as much as others. but did you ever think technology could be used for emotional purposes at school besides making it a little more interesting? there is a new invention called facial action coding system that could help teachers and students have a better learning environment. using new technology like facial action coding system could be used in the classroom to help quiet students understand a subject and give teachers results of how the student feels. in a classroom there is always some students that need help but do not want to ask for it. that means that their grades will most likely go down, and it will not be the teachers fault. students feel ashamed to ask for help when they dont understand something because they dont want to look dumb in front of their friends or teachers. this problem has been going on for a long time, but new technology like the facial action coding system might just be the solution. this new technology can read the students facial expressions when they are confused. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor dalto . with this new system students who dont like to speak up about their lack of understanding can get help without telling their teacher. this will prevent their grades from going down and improve their understanding. therefore, the facial action coding system would benefit the students who find it difficult to communicate their needs to their teachers. in addition, instructors can learn the students ways of learning and how they feel when they get the results from the facial action coding system. it can be a challenge for teachers to understand their students because most students dont open up to their teachers. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by looking on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc dalto . like with friends, teachers might notice their students might be feeling down, but they dont want to ask because they dont want to make them feel weird or the student might deny that they are not feeling well. it is impossible to know exactly how a person is feeling, and without knowing that we cant offer help. if the facial action coding system was in the classroom students and teachers could have a better teacher to student relationship without too much awkaward communication. all in all, technology is being created to make our lives a little easier, and a classroom can be difficult to run without communication. the facial action coding system can help students and teachers understand each other to be succesful. for example, if a student needs help but doesnt want to ask for help the system will recognize confusion and change the lesson so the student can have a better understanding. afterwards, the teacher will get the results and approach the student to give him or her the help they need personally and in private. if new inovations are being created we should use them to help us understand one another.