by being the second planet from the sun, venus has gained al ot of attention from scientists and try a lot of way to make our way to the venus, but none of the scientist have ever get lay their hands on the venus. venus is one of the brightest points of the light in night sky, and a very challenging place to examine more closely. venus is referred as earth twin, because its the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closest distance too. sometimes venus is only i the right corner in space terms, so scientist has sent numerous spacecraft to landin venus but each previous mission is unmanned, and no spacecarft survived the landing for more than few hours. venus has thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide, and surface of venus, the temperature average is  degrees fahrenheit and  times greater atmospheric pressure than what we experience in eraths. even though like that, the scientists is fascinated by venus because it may well once have been earthlike planet in our solar system. by hovering safely far abopve the planet or peering at venus from a ship orbiing far above the planet can provide only limited information. researches cannot take any forms of rocks, gas or anything from the distance. therefor, to understand the venus, they would need to get upclose. nasa is working on other way to approaching the venus and some electroniocs have been tested and only lasted a couple of week in such conditions. old technology have been looking back even though the modern technology are poweful and fast but old technology have their own advantage. by exposing the tablet or phone to acid or heat capable of melting tin can damage your phone to the extent of damage, but system that use mechanical part can be ,ade more resistant to pressure, heat and other resources. the human curiosity will led us to the discovery of new things in the venus.the curiosity can lead us to alot of things, and expanded to meet very edgers imagination. by being the second planet after the sun, venus catch a lot of people attention from all over the world.