facs the facial action coding system, or possibly the future of teaching. facs can use all fourtyfour major muscles of a face model from a computer to classify how a person is feeling based on six basic emotions. those six emotions are happiness, anger, disgust, fear, suprise, and sadness. this has major potential to be used anywhere, but the best place could be the classroom. facs should be used in a classroom because it can read a persons emotions, and could change a lesson if students are bored or confused over a less. facs was used on the famous mona lisa and produced some very interesting results. it stated that shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. that is the true emotion of mona lisa according to a computer. but professor thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at illinois university, belives that this could be used for more than just reading the emotion of people in paintings. he and professor nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam think that the software can be used on the classroom. first, we need to know how does facs work. dr. huang uses the computer to construct a d model of the face. if movement at one or more of the fourtyfour major muscles in the model occurs, that is called an action unit. dr. huang then uses the work of psychologists to take it one step further. dr. paul eckman is one the psychologists work used as he is the creator of facs. eckman classified six emotions, and then associated each with movements of facial muscles, such as your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes raises your eyebrows when youre suprised. but dr. huang knows the true potential of facs, the classroom. a classroom computer with the facs software could read the emotions of kids in a classroom. it then could change up a lesson if most students are bored or confused. lets say a student or multiple students arent understanding a lesson very well from the notes and is confused. the computer could create a game to play that not only makes students excited, but helps them understand the lesson more. this could be crucial towards the future of education. facs could become the next teacher assistant for a classroom and succeed at a high standard. the system could lead to better grades for students and lead to a higher graduation rate at universities. this is just the beginning of facs, and the future only gets better for something as powerful as this. that, ladies and gentleman, is true potential of facs, the future of education all over the world.