cars are believed to be mandatory in life today. they get use where we need to go quicker that it is to walk or ride a bike. cars have many positive effects, but also many negatives. the gas emission percentage from cars in several countries have risen dramtically. many people say, having a car stresses you out. by cuttin down on car usage, our world could be a cleaner and stress relieved place. in many middleclass populated cities, the amount of pollution is sky rocketing. because of this, some cities like vauban, germany are making their communties car free. doing this can cut down on the amount of gas that comes from the tail pipes of cars, making the enviroment healthier and making it easier to breathe. not as many cities are going as extreme as vauban, but they taking the extra measures. in paris, france the amount of pollution to due to car usage was getting higher by day. so they enforced a partial drivng ban, if they didnt follow this law they would have to pay the thirty one dollar fine. in bogota, colombia, they have a car free day that is now spreading to the borders, such as paraguay. even by cutting down a few times a day will not only help the enviroment, but will also help people breathe easier too. having a car can put a lot of stress on someones shoulders. you have to worry about maintence, gas prices and even traffic on the main highway on your way to work. if you take away that stress people will be happier than if they got stuckin traffic to or from where theyre going. driving is something that doesnt require much physical effort. it can make people lazy. in bogota, colombia during their carfree day, people ride bikes, skate or even walk to places. in new yorks bikesharing program not only is it cutting down on gas emissions, its also helping people stay in shape and bemore active. so while having cars helps us get places sooner and quicker, its also having any negative effects people are turning a blind eye to. if even one city cuts down on driving for one day, it could help the enviroment. many cities, states, and even countries are trying to cut down on the negative effects driving has.