many cities around the world have already learned the benifits to limiting or getting rid of car usage. a few of these cities are vauban, paris, bogota. these cities experience less smog and pollution. people in the places that have limited car uses do not seem to mind. a quote from in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal explans how giving up their car has improved their live, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,. cars do cause alot of tension and stress from being in trafic and having to deal it bad drivers on the road. many people are already too stressed and anything that can limit stress is good for you. in bogota, colombia the city has ond day that is carfree. this day people hike, skate, or used public transportation to get where they needed to be. violaters are fined . the over all goal of this day is to promote diffrent forms of transportation. even though weather can be a factor it didnt seem to affect people. carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky states how this is true the turnout was large, despite gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on bogota. this quote also shows that people are fine surviving with out cars. paris baned driving for diffrent cars on diffrent days because of the nearrecord pollution. moday cars with evennumbered license would be fined euros if they drove and the next day the rule would apply to oddnumbered licences. there were exceptions for cars that are plugin, car pools with three or more people, and hybids. robert duffer, the author of paris bans driving due to smog showes how well the ban worked in this quote the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to riscind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. this is a great example of how much polution would be cut out if we stopped or limmited useing cars. just one day with out everyone using cars and there was a diffrence in the smog amount. limiting car usage also will cut carbon emitions and help the enviroment. in the end of car culture the author, elisabeth rosenthal states ...transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions... with a limit on cars, trucks, and other moter veicals greenhouse gas emissions will lower. america is already lowering its car usage by its self. people are buying fewer cars, getting fewer licenses, and driving less all together. over all the affect with giving up moter veicals and finding other forms of transpertation are very positive. people would have less stress, reduce in greenhouse gasses, and lower pollution.