the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, the reason why is because this is the closest planet that is somewhat like earth. so we nasa wants to know how relateable we are to venus. in paragraph  it tells on how dangers venus is. it says in the article a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus atmosphere. on the planet surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. from those sentences it shows on how dangers venus is. also earlier in paragraph  it says each previous misson was unmanned and ofr good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landinf for more than a few hours. thats how dangerous venus is which is a reason why scientists are scared. but the prize is worth it if we get the knowledge on how venus is, in paragraph  it says striving to meet the challenge presebted by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be ganied on the planet itself, but also becasue human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. which means we can go to other planets because we wearnt scared with venus and we shouldnt have doubt for us humans because we would always find a way to do something. so if we do explore venus and it goes great we could go to other bigger planets. in paragraph  it says astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may have once been the most earthlike planet in our solar sytem which is another reason why scientists want to reserch venus is because venus is somehwhat alike our planet the earth. venus was covered largely with oceans and could have supported various froms of life its just like earth. so they want to explore venus because its almost just like earth. even though venus is very dangerous its worth the trip to explore it, even though its not easy conditions, its survivable for humans so scientists are still going to discuss further visits to venus the evening star