it doesnt take a genius to figure out how someone is feeling andor how to help them. all this should be a basic instinct, you shouldnt need the facial action coding system. technology should be helping people around the world not starting conterversry. using the facial action coding system is a waste of time and money. hold on! can we actually calculate emotionslike math homework? theres no need to calculate anything that doesnt require math. think of all the good other inventions coud in place of this technology, we could be one stop closer to developing a way to supply people with clean water all around the world. not because we want something in return, but because helping someone is something you should want to do. but instead these prof think our current technology is more useful in schools to detect when a child is bored doing work.  in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. fr instance, you could probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. theres way more situations in the world where these prof. should put their minds to, we dont need more technology to tell us how people are feeling, thats why our world isnt connected in person. people now a days dont know how to talk or even hold a conversation due to the lack of communication skills we use because of social media. instead of going out and buying something as barbaric as the facial system, we should go and actually talk to our peers and understand them more so we can know their facial expressions and know how theyre doing. i am against the value of using of this technology to read students emotional expressions due to the fact we as in the people need to be more connected in the real life rather then push ourselves further away using social media and new technology that we do not need. trust the process of human nature and our instincts. we do not need the facial action coding system.