since the start of the st century technology has become smarter. today we have smart phones, smart tvs, and smart watches. all these devices are made to suite the needs of its user. by providing a user friendly experience that meets almost all the needs of the user, including making life a little bit easier, is what gives these devices the title smart. now, the next piece of tech to get this smart upgrade is the car. smart cars have been in development for several years and appear to slowly becoming a reality. the usage of driverless cars has struck a gold mine of contraversy. but in all honesty, smart cars are the future for our roads. they will make our lives easier. the introduction of smart cars on our roads today would result in a more efficent use of gasoline, a resource that is being exponentially depleated. from the article driverless cars are coming, the author says, the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. by cutting the ammount of gasolinefuel used on a day to day basses we could cut down on pollutants in our airs as well as prolong the lifeusage of gasoline. also the usage of smart cars, would be far cheaper than the usage of smart roads, a possibility once thought of by gm and engineers at berkeley. smart roads would require expensive upgrades to roads. with smart cars you could eliminate that hefty cost. the technology used in beta smart cars today has been around since the s. it is not new technology. but at the same time it is not old technology because over the years the tech has decreased in price with a inversely proportional increase in its new capabilities. with the ammount of tech used in smart cars it is important that it runs at the highest standards, and todays tech does. only the best of the best is being used in these cars. finally this new tech has not only been making driving a safer experience, but as a far more enjoyable one. with the introduction of new autonomous cars engineers have thought of new ways to make rides more enjoyable. new incar entertainment systems are just one of the many ideas that may become a reality. some people are afraid of smart cars. they fear that there will be no one to blame if an accident occurs. plus some people may be uncomfortable with the idea of not being in control of their car. well today, smart cars are not  autonomous yet. for some instances such as traffic and construction driving require human driving and skill. also other things such as backing in and out of places require human skill. because in some cases human skill is still a requirement drivers must stay alert at all times. eliminating any fear of not being in control as well as the problem of whom is to blame. in conclusion, smart cars are the future. they will help eliminate the problem of inefficent use of gas while providing the driver with a smoother and more enjoyable ride. a full fletched smart car, is just and upgrade that is greatly needed.