the new facial action coding system cannot be very accurate due to humans being able to hide emotions quite easily. as it says in the beginning statement, improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. thus meaning this software is not onehundred perect reliable. human beings can hide emotions without even trying. it is impossible to tell what someone is actually feeling. in many movies actors act amd perform in different emotions everyday. think about how an actor can use deception to trick the watcher into thinking they are upset and angry in the movie. behind thr scenes the actor could be hystrically laughing but we dont see that, we only see the acting part. therefor it is impossible for human beings to be able to detect someones true emotions, not even an advanced computer application can do so. in paragraph  a statement catches the eye by saying, hold on! can we actually calculate emotionslike math homework? first off the human body is not a calculation, it is a living creature that has feelings and emotions. you dont just calculate the emotions to find them out. to find emotions you get emotionally attatched to someome or get close to them by talking to thrm amd they will vent to you and find out what is going on, either if thry are happy or sad. in the writing it talks about mona lisa,and how she was feeling during that moment. many may say you can do this and find out how she was feeling, but others will say it is impossible to find her emotions. those others would also say to find her true emotions you would have to ask her, in which you can no longer do because she and the artist are deceased. no one will trully know how she felt durung this time, unless she states her feelings somewhere. in paragraph  it states that,imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. it later on states thag only looking into the webcam it could detect your emotions. not only could it really not detect your emotions, it would make people feel unsafe because they are constantly being watched looking for a face to read. the facial action coding system cannot read someones true emotions. the program may predict amd see what the individual is feeling, but it is trully impossible to tell what someone is actually feeling.