using the same technology configured using the facial action coding system into school technology would be a valuable tool in the classroom because the often hidden signals or vibes students show can often give teachers mixed feelings about the effectiveness of their lessons or how student are being treated emotionally by others, but this is still something that we must not make this something that interfears or plays with the personal feelings of the students. it would be a valuable addition to any classroom for its indepth look into how the information is reaching the students, how they are reacting, and what the teacher can do differently to get the most out of thier lesson plans. especially in the mornings and end of the day, students laziness, tiredness, or anticipation to get home can often disturb with how teachers percieve how their lesson plans are effecting the child. with the same facial action coding system in our own school computers, online activities and assignments can track the emotional responses of the students while they work such as their attentiveness. since this technology is, compared against a neutral face, teachers will be able to witness firsthand their students reactions. oftentimes, early morning weariness or late school day excitement can fool the teachers perception of the situation, but with the analyzing of the six basic emotions using video imagery of the, characteristic movements of the facial muscles, this technology would be able to offer to give an accurate conclusion to the students reactions to each lesson. another commonly addressed situation is when students become confused or board with an assignment both of these natural reactions show that the challenge level is not suited to the students level. teachers often want to offer help to the confused and challenge or entice board students, but these emotions are often not shown to the human eye. especially with confused students, they hide this sense of confusion from the teacher to avoid embarassment. however, with this new technology, students who need more attention can be noticed. with the softwares facial recogntion using minor muscle movements, it can make a conclusion without the student fully showing the emotion. with this in depth look, teachers are able to provide tutoring for those who need extra explaination and modify of their lessons for individuals who are not finding interest or challenge in the current lesson. with this technology, teachers will be able to realize how challenged each student needs to be even when they put up a ficade. another way that this teachnology can offer help to the students is with the daunting and huge school problem of bullying and depression before it leads to events much more serious. since this technology picks up on feelings such as fear or saddness, these indications could be the first warning signs of when a student is taking their first steps into one of these two situations. such as with the example of politicians and celebrities, even fake smiles are attributes will be able to be seen through. this is a serious problem in our day and age, so if these signs are reported reguarly and continuously, this may be the closest a student comes to calling for help. with this information not being able to be tricked through false emotions, students can recieve the mental and emotional help or stability they need. despite this great new innovation as well as all of the new data teachers can gather on their methods of teaching, we must ensure that this technology does not dive into the personal emotions students want to keep to themselves. because many schools are now having takehome chromebooks or ipads, the school board needs to make sure that the students have thier own emotional security when at home. teachers need to be careful and be reminded that there is a boundery between checking up with these emotional resonces for lesson planning and interfearing with the students personal life. otherwise, stuents will feel insecure both in and out of school because their core emotions such as a recent breakup might be revealed. facial action coding systems for schools would allow teachers and students to more understand each sides perspective, so the students can be helped to the fullest extent they can be taught. this simple idea is building off of the simple idea of everyday empathy into the perspective of our school technology. this new technology would come with a pricetag, but being able to more effectively teach in the classroom would be well worth the money. human emotions can be a difficult factor to implicate seen with examples such as the varying emotions with the mona lisa, but this technology will allow us to revolutionize our schools into an education build by the reactions of students and the lesson modifications of teachers.