all around the world air pollution is a major problem, most everyone knows that. however, there is one thing that a lot of people do not know. they do not know that they themselves are contributing to polluting the very air that they breathe. car usage is an enormous contribution to the pollution going into the air and is a problem all around the globe that needs to be drawn attention to. this essay will help to prove to my fellow citizens that limiting car usage has huge advantages and should be carefully considered for our community. in the first article, in german suburb life goes on without cars, it informs you about a town called vauban located in germany. this town is involved in a movement under the name of smart planning. this the attempt to seperate suburban life from auto use. since street parking, driveways, and home garages have generally been banned,  percent of the towns families do not own cars. it goes on to tell you that passenger cars are respinsible for  percent greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some areas of the united states. by cutting down the usage of their vehicles, the are making a difference. people are and have been taking notice and began to join this movement. it has had a ripple effect and could really make a difference in our air pollution content if it keeps its momentum. the second article, paris bans driving due to smog, takes on a different setting. it takes place in paris, france and whereas vaubans ban was voluntary, pariss not so much. the city had to take a drastic approach after they reached nearrecord pollution with smog so bad that is rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one the most polluted cities in the world. as you can imagine, precautions had to be taken. those pracautions resulted in a partial driving ban. those who did not listen to the band would be fined  euros. as a result, car traffic in the busy city of paris was down a whole  percent. the ban was so effective that the smog cleared enough after a few days that the ban was retrackted, showing proof that limiting car usage really does make a difference in our environment and should not be overlooked. i know that it is hard to imagine your world without having you vehicle to use at all times, but it is a change that needs to be made. our air is suffering and getting worse and worse due to our increasing car usage. citites are being made denser for two decades to make for better accessability. it has been proven that it works so why should we not give it a try? the citizens in our community should seriously consider this option of limiting our car usage. if they do, they will quickly be amazed with positive outcome that follows.