does the electoral college work? are you happy with a group of electors choosing your president? i write this letter to you, our state senator, because, like many other u.s citizens or residents, i have my own opinion. i am in favor of the idea of changing to popular vote. electoral college does not work, it is unfair to voters because a president with the highest popular vote could not win,and it could be disaster factor. many are familiar with this term compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizenswhat is the electoral college?,, but how does it benefit us? does it express our opinions and preferences? lets go back in time to the election of , the candidate with the most popular votes was gore, therefore, everyone was expecting him to win. the mayority was happy with the outcome until they counted the electoral votes, bush had more electors on his side than gore. nobody understood why, they gave the country the president less wanted. dispite the fact that it was the first time since , because it happened once and for sure it could happen again, why did all those people voted if they got the president they didnt trust to rule their country? in history class, my teacher told us this countrys foundation is for the people to rule the government, in other places like italia, argentina, spain, etc. the government takes care of the people, like it they were our parents. i believe we stay true to the foundations and let the people choose the president they want. the american people should consider themselves lucky that the  fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century the system alloys for much worseplumer,. this quote is based on ,when people who favored separation based on race nearly democratic electors were replaced with the ones who would oppose kennedy. many electors make a last minute change in their decision and they decide to go over to the other side and vote against theit original choice, the partys candidate. when you vote for a presidential candidate youre actually voting for a slate of electorsposner,. another reason why this system should be abolished is the winnertakeall system. the candidates do not spend time in the states in which they believe they have no chance of winning. states had not even seen the candidate and in some cases, they even havent seen a poster. for example, plumer says in a expert from mother jones that during the  campaing , seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including rhode island and soth california, and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt get to see a dingle campaign add. the electoral college system is unfair to the voters. overall, my beliefs and the beliefs of hundreds is that the electoral college is unfair for the voters because it can be the cause of some major disaster and it can choose the candidate the public is not haoory with. the votes are people who want to express, or show, political preferences, people who are determines to change their country for good, so give them the right to do it. its hard to say this, but bob dole was right abolish the electoral college! plumer,.