in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. venus is considered earths sister planet but has many more dangers such as highly elavated temperataures, corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere, and greatly elavated atmospheric pressure. we have sent unmanned spacecrafts for previous missions but failed in a few hours due to venuss rough surface conditons. nasa is working on new technology to hopefully give us the ability to study venus further. venus is the only planet that we know of that has the same density and size as earth. it is aslo the closest planet to earth depening on the orbit. venuss atmosphere is made up of  carbon dioxide blankets but also obtains highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the average temperature can reach  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on earth. these enviroments conditions would crush a submarine and liquefy most metals. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet. the planet also has erupting volcanoes,earthquakes, and lighting strikes which we all experience on earth. such conditions are why we know so little about venus due to all the failed attempts. nasa is currently working on a plan to send humans to venus. their idea is to float above venus and observe from there. you would still feel the hot temps of  degrees but the air pressure would be what we feel on earth at sea level. nasa is also working on another route to exsploring venus. they are using simplified electronics made of siliocon carbide which have been tested in a chamber that simulates venuss conditions. they will use mechanical computers that use gears and levers. electronic computers work good but are way too delicate for venus. even though we have failed most attempts to reach venus we are still working to reach it. we are fuled by curiosty and inovatiion. as the author said in the th paragraph, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. thats basically telling us to find a way dont let the cons and risk stand in the way. i feel that the author didnt really support his claim that good. he stated evidence about venus listed in paragraph  and . i feel as if he dont support his claim as good as he should have. hes basiclly telling us how it is on venus but doesnt tell us why its worthy enough to continue research and development. i restated his evidence of venuss conditions and nasas research and development in paragraphs  and  but i feel as if the author isnt supporting his claim at all. the author mentioned in paragraph  that venus has value but doesnt tell us why it has value and where the value in venus is. the author says venus has value but he didnt support his claim that good. he was off topic in pargraphs ,,and  in my oppinion. but considering his oppinion i do believe venus has value because of the possibility of it being able to hold life and how it compares to earth.