in the article making mona lisa smile, the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. now, is this technology needed in a classroom? it really does not need to be in a classroom, but it can be used for more important task like using it to see other old painting expressions. for most children in school they all have mixed emotions, and what does seeing how happy they are change anything. children go to school to learn and get education. some children are happy to be at school, while some are not happy to be at school. and thoes children already show their expressions. when a child is happy and wants to do work at school, they are the ones to always raise their hands and are bubbley. while the children that are not happy to be at school are usually the ones to not sit right, slouch, and do not raise their hands. most schools say that they want their students to be happy at school, but with all the work that all children have to do and how they are taught to learn, they do not show the same effect on all children. some children like things to go one way, while the other children like it the other way, so in that case not all children could be happy at school, unless they were to slit things up to make evey child happy and they still learn the things that they need to learn. in the article, it states, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas slime. but we can write down some simple instructions that encode different emotions,paragraph . if our computers at home can not handle the power that is used to detect one of our emotions, how can so many more computers on one software be able to do that. schools need to spend money on other things like maybe new floors for the gym, or new lockers, what ever it is there are more important things that need to be done before spending money on a computer that can detect wheather we are happy or not. a way that the facial action coding system can be used in our schools is to see how every child likes the way they learn. some children can be so comfused in a clas but they never ask for help because they are too embarresed to raise their hand so they hide behind a computer screen and never get the help they need. and if others can see his expressions and notice he needs help they could help out. there are children who need help but are too scared to raise their hands because then they will stand out, and maybe even made fun of. they hide behide a computer screen so people will not know who is confused or needs help. in the article, it states, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece,paragraph . this states that it can identify if a child is confused, mad andor sad about their issuse and their communitcation skills. it can help out the adules on the school help out the children of the school. if they had the facial action coding system in classrooms, it could help a lot of children come out of their shells and maybe even change in a fantastic way. overall, the facial action coding system is an amazing thing that can identify peoples expressions, it does not really need to be in a classroom, but it can definetly come in handy. maybe just in the libraray but not in every classroom. they can be very helpful for old paints and seeing those expressions. but there are people out there that put on a fake smile everyday to show others that they are not in pain when they actually are. a lot of people put on an act for others, meaning that they smile and looks so happy to others, while actually they are hurting and are in pain on the inside. most people would not notice because they only see what other only show.