dear senator of florida the electoral college should be abolish, because one time the winner of the popular vote lose, and that represent problems to society. as we know the electoral college process consist of the selection of the electors. they consist of  electors. more than  electoral votes is requiered to establish a president. the presidental election is held every four years on the tuesday, after ther first monday in november. if you fote for your favorite candiudate for the presidential election, you also help to select the candidates electors. almost all states have a winnertakesall system that gives the electors the winning for the presidential candidate. however maine and nebraska have a proportional representatation. after the winnig the governor preparews a certificate listing all the names of the candidates, and the candidates electors. to this list declares the winning presidential candidate and the electors who will represent him in december of the election year. after that all the information of the list will be send to the ntional archives as part of an official records of the presidential election of that year. so in conclusion i belive that the electoral college should be abolish for an option, because it causes many problems and those problems lead to confusion and arguments that will make look bad the us goverment. the electorla college system give no the votes for the candidate of the election, but to the electors that they will choose who the new president would be. the electors could be anyone in sates convections, in states partys central committee, or sometimes the presidential candidate would choose their electors. so to give more infromatiohn to my concerning, the single best argument against the electoral college is the disaster factor. in the  fiascop was the biggest election ciris in the century. consider that the state legislature are responsible for picking the electors, and those elector could decide what to choose. electors sometimes have refuse to vote for their candidate or partys candidate, and choose whoever they like. it happen whe vice president richard nixonvalidate only his oponets electors. moost of the time they fear of a presidential tie, so that it would be throw to the house of represntatives ,each vote from there it represent , voters. so the election is only away from catastrophe and problmes to the candidates, the electors and the house of representatives. so to many the electoral college is unfair to the voters, because od the system winertakesall.... many candidates know they are not going to wim, so ther prefer to not make their capaing in the media or around the city, many people even have never see them. so the information gives the conclusion that the electoral college is unfair, out of date, and to irrational. the best conclusion to these current problem is to abolish the outdate electoral college. so if you tink not to abolish the current system, the electoral college gives an anachosim, a nondemocratic method of selecting a president. each party selects a candidate that their trust and want no nominee. there are five reason for retaining the electoral college, but also it lacks of democratic issues , and not liberal or conservatives reasons. firts, a certany of outcome , a dispute over outcome over the electoral college vote . by giving the electoral vote ti gives more oportunities to a candidate to win in popular vote. the slight plurality crates and oportunitie to the candiate to have a abetter outcome. second , the electoral college needs a presidential candidate. so a solid favorite candidate give oportunity to him. third the winnertakesall method give even more better oportunites to the candidates as they get all. fourth the bigger the satte the better chances are to win the presidential election, a victory of a bigger produce chances to get more electoral votes that boost the numbers. so finally in fifht the electoral college avoid problems of elections in which candidates received a majority of votes. so in the finally conclusion you can infer that the electoral college have problems but also got good parts. in the end people may think is good or bad,but if you see its ups and downs it have betters good tyhings but still it gives arandom outcome to one of the candidates it could be the favorite or the competition. so is better if the electoral college is abolish for tis ramsom outcomes.