the modern automobile has been the axle to the wheel of the smog ridden contemporary age. within a century, a car could be found within virtually every home across every developed nation. though in recent years, the societal infatuation with private automobiles has begun to diminish. mulitple european and south american countries began instituting beneficial carfree municipal policies and statistics show a decline in licencse registration and car purchases across the u.s. the progression of the carfree policies and trend will have beneficial ecological, economical, and social implications on the modern world. the concern of greenhouse gas emissions from cars has been of much concern within the scientific world. with cities such as densely populated bejing often covered in sheets of poisonous smog, the high emissions has proven deadly to both human and enviromental life. according to source , paris recently was plagued by statuated amounts of smog rivaling that of bejing. the french solution to this problem was municipal action and a week long ban on certain vehicles. the smog contained nearly  micrograms of particulate matter and the countrys high use of disel as a gasoline alternative was a contributing factor. the policy was immediately effective as the smog lifted after only one day of the ban. though the smog that plagued paris is not only a problem of the french. as stated by source , passenger cars alone are responsible for up to  percent of greenhouse gas emissions within carintensive areas of the u.s. such as chicago and detriot. the focus on automobiles with the development of carintensive cities, such as the aforementioned chicago and detriot, has carried an economical burden in tandem with its ecological consequences. according to source ,  percent of monetary appropriations have gone to highways with  percent going to other forms of public transit. as exmplified within the same article, vauban, germany has pioneered the carfree suburban model. maximizing ergonomics to improve public foot transit, it has financially benefited from the prohibition of cars and the nuturing of its enviorment. within the south american capital of bogota, columbia, who have been promoting an improvement campaign designed to encorage pedestraincentric municipal development. as an effect of in newly revitalized walkways and parks, an industry of shops and restaurants appeared. within the united states the carfree movement has been gaining support. as stated by source , president obama demonstrated his vision to curb greenhouse gas emissions in a speech in . this statement was aided by polls showing a demopraghic shift in licensed citizens.