there are many advantages of limiting car usage. using cars less reduces pollution, stress, money spent on gas, and it also brings people together. when people give up using cars they seem generally happier. heidrun walter states in in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, the community of vauban is a closer community because they dont use cars. they have to walk everywhere so theyre talking more with their fellow neighbors. people are creating stronger relationships with the people in their community which creates trust. strangers are now becoming friends. businesses are popping up in every corner. the economy is probably up as well as their happiness. the suburb of vauban may only have , residents but those , people surely are more excited to start and continue their life than cities where people are constantly using cars and not talking to each other. cars cause so much pollution that huge cities, like paris, have to have a partial driving ban to clear the air. paris ordered vehicle users to leave their car at home on a certain day if they had an evennumbered license plate. car pollution are ruining beautiful cities like paris and beijing. the warm days of paris caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions according to paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer. by just not using cars for one day the smog cleared enough so the oddnumbered license plate users didnt have to leave their cars at home. imagine if cars were banned once a week paris and other cities might actually be able to breathe fresh air. bogota, colombia is having an annual day without cars, the only exception being buses and taxis according to carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky. columbians have stated that the day takes away stress as well as the obvious air pollution. car traffic is decreased which would obviously decrease car accidents. without using cars, people dont have the stress of having to pay for gas or if theyre car breaks down. they can ride a bike and enjoy being outside instead of being in a mobile machine all day. research shows americans are generally buying less cars each years. this is great news for america seeing as transportation is second largest source of americas emissions says the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal. the telecommunications industry is higher now because people can communicate online rather than driving to see their friend. the younger generation is not using cars as much because cars arent a priority anymore. they can use public transportation or walk to the places they need to go. there are many reasons why cars shouldnt be used. this is a gradual revolution because people arent going to stop using their cars out of the blue. people must see the many benefits of not using cars.