imagine a car driving its self. seems like a fatasy doesnt it. well, it may not be that far from today of having cars that do drive themselves. a lot of car manufacturers have been experimenting with selfdriving cars. most cars today are close to selfdriving but they still need a human present for simple tasks like going around a wreck or navigating through construction. there are good and bad sides to selfdriving cars, but i think that they my one of the worst ideas that car manufacturers have today. selfdriving cars may seem like an awesome future, but there is a lot that can go wrong with this idea. a lot of people would become reliant on the selfdriving feature that the may even forget how to drive. even if that person has been driving for  plus years. on the upside though, even if they forgot how to drive they dont even need the skill if the car is going to drive itself. in the article driverless cars are coming it says that even with the selfdriving cars they still need some human assisstance like navigation around potholes or going around the wreck because the cars cant be programed to follow the human traffic signaler. this may be possible in the future because as time goes on, the worlds technology advances and these future advances may enable the driverless cars to do such things as interacting with human orders from outside the car. one last thing i feel how driverless cars can be a bad idea is that without a human reaction, if there is an accident, no one will know who to blame. would it be the manufacturers fault for apparently making a faulty car or is it the drivers fault for not making sure the car is doing and working how its supposed to. the only way this would most likely be settled is if it went to court with the driver of the car and the car manufacturer. somthing that could prevent this though is if there is a signing for these kind of thing that says the buyer of the car wont sue the company of the car unless is for other reasons other than the selfdriving car. there are many bad things with these selfdriving cars, but there is almost always a solution or a way around these types of situations. with them being unpredictable, dangerous, and hard to figure out, i still think that selfdriving cars are still a bad idea. they could possibly screw up internally and might injury someone or even kill them. i think that car companies should stick how there cars are now. they help you instead of doing all the work. most cars have parking assist or braking assist and i feel thats better than the car doing all the work. in conclution, do you still think selfdriving cars are a good idea?