this author has included a lot of information on why we should visit venus. yes i think we could visit venus as the author said. he put in a lot of detail and a lot of thinking into this article. the author had a solution on how we could get there and how we would survive some of the conditions that are on venus. heshe has an idea on how the mission would go. the author stated that we could go to the top of venus because we are less likley to die due to the fact that the heat is very intense on this planet. it also says that we dont really have to land, but just to hover about  miles or so above the ground so we dont get burnt up. another solution the author put out is, that the people that are visiting could use some equipment similar to the stuff they had back in the s during wwii. the author said the equipment would not be destroyed like the modern things that we have like computers, radars, and other things that are in a spacecraft. venus can sometimes be the planet that is the nearest towards us, so it could probably be a short trip to be going there rather than going to mars. also the author states that venus could have been once a habital planet a long time ago. more details are that the fact venus is earths twin. heshe stated that it is the closet planet to our planets size with the same density and size. that is a good statement by the author. apparently nasa is working on how to get to venus via spacecraft. the author also states that nasa is making their electronics out of this silicon carbide material. apparently they put it in a chamber with conditions similar to venus and it lasted for about  weeks. we can conclude that this is a good material, but in my opinion i dont know if thats a lot of time because, they might need to study a lot of things that are on this devil planet. i think that we could make it to venus and survive a potential death. we could some day walk on venus if we had the right materials for a spacesuit and a helmet. the author once again stated that there is a spot for us go on so we dont get completely burnt up in the process. we just need to find or create something that could be resistant to the heat that is on venus. i like the idea of going to venus because it seems impossible, but really anything could happen if we had the right people and protection for this mission.