the value of students emotions im going to be talking about the technology that is able to read the emotional expressions on peoples faces. i dont think its important for them to get that technology in class rooms. im going to be listing off ideas on why i think its not important for schools to get this technology. my first topic is going to be about how teachers are really interested in how the students feel about what they are learing. my second topic is going to be about how students usually give there opion on how they feel about there learning. my third topic is going to be about how they could use the money for something else other than that technology. my first topic is teachers dont really care about how students feel about what are learning. what i mean by that is teachers dont care if the students like the topic are they just care about if the students are learning and understanding. sometimes teachers can tell by students faces if theyre liking the topic or not. sometimes teacher will ask the students if they like the topic or not but they dont really care if they do. so then like whats the point in spending money on something like that. usually students will give their opion on the topic. i know i give my opion and i know other students to do to. students dont want their faces to be scanned and told how they are feeling. i know i wouldnt want mine scanned. everybody knows how they feel at school even teachers know how students feel at school. sometimes teachers will ask the students how they feel at school and people will tell them the truth. schools could use the money for something else other than a face scanner. they could use the money for things that need fixed in the school. like the roof its been leeking they could fix that. buy new things for the p.e. classes like balls or rackets. they could use the money to fix the cafetiera or buy new books with the money. they could spend the money on fixing the bathrooms or the lockers things like that is what they could spend there money on. this is why i think they should not buy the scanner. i know it sounds cool and everything but i think it would not be a good idea to buy. it would be very awkward to up to a students face and just scan it during class. people wont like that i know i wont like that. it would also be a waste of time because what if just stopped working you would have to fix it or it stopped working all the time it would take a long time to fix.