everybody in the world has emotions and displays them in different ways. one common way people display emotions are through their facial expressions. however, it is not always easy for people to read others emotions. in the article, making mona lisa smile, the author talks about a new computer software called the facs facial action coding system that was used to read the famous mona lisas emotions. in the article, the author mentions this software being used in a classroom setting to read students emotions to tell if they are confused or bored to modify the lesson like an actual teacher. the use of this software in a classroom would be extremely beneficial for students who struggle staying focused or are not interested in learning at all. a student sits in class doing a computer lesson. however, this student is unable to sit still in their seat for a fraction of a second because of how bored they have become with the lesson. if the facs was in use, the student would have a much easier time being engaged in their learning. if classes were to use facial recognition software for lessons, when students become frustrated or confused, the lesson will be able to adjust to the students needs instead of having the students become frustrated with their teachers. dr. huang predicts if this kind of software was used in a class, the lessons would be able to modify like an effective human instructor. the facs would be extremely beneficial to students and teachers alike! however, some people would not agree with the claim that facial recognition software should be used in a classroom. someone might believe that the use of the facs would not be helpful for students in a classroom setting. they may believe that the software is an unnecessary use of resources because they might not believe the software is effective because it may be unable to detect emotions in an effective way. in the article, it states that the mona lisa was  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. they may believe that if the software detects mixed emotions, it would not be useful. however, this claim is wrong in every sense of the word. the computer software is accurate enough to tell a real smile from a fake smile through the muscles that are being moved in the face. the software uses a d computer model of the face and compare the expression of a users face to a neutral face. all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles, so there is no way it cannot be accurate! the use of the facial action coding system for computer lessons would be an extremely beneficial addition to the classroom setting. it would make teaching and learning a lot more easier for teachers and students alike. school administrations should take serious consideration when deciding whether or not to integrate this software into teaching.