in everyday life peoples emotions can affect certain things they are doing, like listening to or watching something. this is also the case in a classroom at school. typically when a student is portraying positive emotions they will be more interested in the lesson and therefore pay more attention. the opposite goes for negative emotions, if a student is for example sad or worried they will be less interested in the lesson and pay less attention. now if a teacher were able to detect when a student is portraying negative emotions, which is now possible with the facial action coding system facs, that could be very valuable, because it could make the classroom a better and more affective learning environment. first of all if facs was to be used in the classroom it could help teachers and instructors know whether or not a student is telling the truth about something based off of facial features. according to the article facs can even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. this means that if a teacher asks a student if they are doing okay and they smile back and say that everything is fine, even though it is not fine for them, facs would be able to pick this up and notify the teacher so that they could help the student. secondly students already dont like going to school but, when they have to come to school and sit through boring lessons it makes things worse. now teachers usually try to do their best to make the lectures as fun as possible in order for the students to stay engaged. this sometimes does not work out though and the teacher may not even realize it, but dr. huang predicts that facs could recognise when a student is confused or bored. with that the teacher could change what they are doing in the lesson to make it more engaging and therefore help students learn better. so in conclusion, facs would be valuable in a classroom environment, because it could help teachers be more affective with their lessons and get students the help they need to succeed at school and later on in life. this new technology is just one of the many new and incredible things technology is capable of and with the continuation of these discoveries we can strive to make the world a more positive, safe and liveable place.