are selfdriving cars really safe for the future? driving has been around for decades. it goes so far back. now soon there will be no need for driving at all. car will have to have a mind of their own. theyll need to know how to handle difficult situations. this will cause people to have to be attentive more than ever. i believe selfdriving cars will be taken lightly and people will think they dont have to pay as much attention as they would a regular manual car. what do we really need selfdriving cars for anyways? i dont believe that a elecronic will be able to deal with other driving humans better than another human can. say someone is driving an manual car and go on a four way stop at the wrong time. the car wouldnt know what to do unless its programed to do so. people may say the cars have sensors so it will be able to stop its self. what if the sensor is broken? there will need to be way to tell that its broken. there will also be othe asspects of the car the driver will need to keep up with which will make this a high mantance car. along with this if there was to be an acident who would be responible? according to the article that is yet to be decided. there are still states that dont allow any driverless cars in their state which means everyone is not on borad with this idea. its still people who think this idea is not safe. also in these cars it is alot easier to be distracted. like the article says some can get bored waiting on their time to drive. the driver can fall asleep, start using there phone, etc. which could be dangerous for the manual drivers. there are some positves to this car for some people. these cars could be good for new drivers who dont know how to parrallel park. teen drivers dont always get everything right the first couple of times so they will ahve their car to assitst them. this car could also accually be safer for mothers with multipule children. it may give her a chance to quickly distribute a bottle or pick up a toy a baby dropped. this also can still be dangerous because the driver wont be attentive. in conculdion i believe there is no point of taking time to make a driverless car because you will always have to be attentive just like driving a regular car, and if you arent and get into an accident it may end up being your own fault. the driver would have to be dependent on their car to avoid accidents, construction, wrong turns ,etc. will you be able to trust you car with your life?