having driverless cars would be unthinkable. to make a car that humans do not have to drive is just being lazy, if someone has a driverless car they will never pay attention to the road because the car does eveyting for them. in drivers ed the tearcher tells us, our parents tell us, anyone who drives tells us always be aware of your surroundings people would not have to watch anything because they would not be driving the car. although not having to drive would be awesome for some people, especially people who are driving long periods at a time, it is still not safe. what happens when an animal runs out in the road unexpectidaly? does the car just stop by itself? you can never know what will happen if you have no control over it. if a car can drive itself and a human does not have to do anything and the car messes up and does not work when you need it to the most what will happen? you will most likely end up geting hurt. it would be different if this driverless car was guarenteed to never mess up, but that is not how it is. people who actually drive cars now have issues all the time with their vehicle not working when they need it to the most, sometimes breaks go out, the car may die, there is a whole series of things that could happen. so think about if someone was n ot driving their car and all of a sudden when the car is just driving itself and someone is on the road going somewhere and all of a sudden the car stops working, the battery dies... what can you do about that? nothing, your car dies and your are in the middle of traffic, you are in major trouble because you have either caused yourself or someone else to be injured. having driverless cars would be completely irresponsible. the reason texting and driving is illegal and drinking and driving is illegal is for saftey purposes. those two things are major causes of accidents. having driverless cars is just giving people the go ahead to get in a vehicle irresponsible now. would you feel safe with your children in a car ansd other people behind the wheel just texting or being intoxicated or both? i know that i would not feel very safe. cars can stop working whenever they want but if you have someone texting or intoxicated in one of those cars and it stops working, there is no way to prevent your children from getting hurt. in conclusion, having driverless cars is a terrible idea. they are not  percent guarenteed to always work just like regular cars are not but no one driuving a car and it stops working can cause extremely way more problems than a regular car would. with a regular car you can just take over whenever you need to and pull off to the side to prevent problems or do whatever you need to do to keep away from accidents happening, but with no one driving a car you are risking your life and others around you all because you wanted to be lazy and not drive a car by yourself.