this facial expression recognizer is similar to the facial recognizers on your phone except it can determine the emotion you feel. the makers of this machine have tested it onto the mysterious woman know as the mona lisa. people were constatly making assumptions on how she was feeling whether happy or uncomfortable, but know we know exactly what she was feeling like. i have a concern about whether they tested this on other things but of coarse they did but id like to see the process of how this works because the mona lisa is a nonmoving painting while people are constantly feeling an aray of emotions. i believe this technology would not be useful to read students emotions because student emotions can change from sitting in a classroom to taliking to a friend during a lesson. i believe that the machine would not be able to calculate the exact emotion a student is feeling quick enough because we can have multiple layers of emotions at the same time for instence fear, anxiety, and confliction. also the machine would have to monitor multiple faces at onces since this is a classroom and find the emotions of the majority and gear the lesson towards that. i feel that the machine is only making assumptions because i put on a happy face and a happy tone all day but that does not make me happy thosse are just my characteristics. this can be useful once updated to the point where it can determine the emotions of multiple people but i dont think people want to wait an hour just to find out if you are happy, confused, or sad. besides they literally sell those cheap necklaces that can supposedly read your emotions and they sell those worldwide in every giftshop but those are targetted to children ages  and up, but you dont see people wearing those so why would someone want this. this technology is definitely an advancement in understanding human emotions and being able to write a code to recognize these emotion. we could use this idea and code to inbend them into artificial intellegence one day. the ability to read the mona lisas expression is definitely mind blowing since it is reading the face and not the paper is was drawn on or the code of the siteadd which would have most likely come back in conclusive