my thoughts on driverless cars are not necessarily against it but i think the world can do without for awhile still, in other words theres no rush to get them out into the public streets. although it would be very luxurious to have a car the drives itself, the safety issues  tedious appliances still need much work. google has had driverless cars since  that drove more than half a million miles without crashing but these cars still require human occupation in complicated traffic situations  driveways. i think the smart road system working in hand with the driverless cars would be more efficient but too expensive  requires massive upgrades to the roads so the idea was disgarded. so being that the smart cars would be driving on the roads we know of now it would need a pretty excessive amount of sensors to mimic the skill of a human behind the wheel. googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors in the left rear wheel, rotating senor on the roof, video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, inertial motion sensor,  the lidar on the roof that uses laser beams to project a d image of the cars surroundings. this is all so that in can mimic human driving ability as closely as possible  theres still much work to be done. bmws development of traffic jam assistant in  was the better way to go about having driverless cars. this car was designed to drive itself standardly  notify the human driver inside when he or she needs to take over the wheel. some might argue that having a driverless car that still needs you to drive is pointless so the ideas of incar entertainment  information systems are going around. the ideas of these cars definitely are revolved around luxury  safety but new traffic laws would have to be made for these automobiles driving themselves because if an accident happens who is to blame? i believe there is still more troubleshooting to be as far as having a driverless car on the streets. most states have even made it illegal to test computerdriven cars with the exception of california, nevada, florida,  the district of columbia who allow limited use of semiautonomous cars. after these cars are proved to be safe overall, then they will be introduced into the public streets.