i personally think driverless cars would be a good idea. i think driverless cars would be a good idea because of how busy a person may be on the road. driverless cars would also help in assistance with when driving long distances for a long period of time. permiting driverless cars would also make the driving world a bit safer. driverless cars arent such a bad idea in the long run because theyd help in assisting someone whos busy while driving, it could assist people that have to drive long distances in long periods of time, and it would also make the driving world a bit safer. making driverless cars seem very useful to the future. in the paragraph it tells how in  bmw developed a traffic jam assistant car. this car can handle driving at speeds up to  mph . this could assist a person who is on their way somewhere and perhaps needs to call someone on the phone for any important reason. the  bmw traffic jam assistant car could also help when the driver is going on a long empty high way for a long period of time. like if the person needs to drive out of time and is driving on a long highway. my last reason i think the driverless car would be helpful to the future would be to make the driving world a bit safer. in example toyota priuss use positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four auto motive radar sensors, and more. the four automotive sensors around the car and the video camera near the rearview mirror would help greatly to the dirver when needing to back up into a parking space. if the sensors indicate any danegr of out of control skids or rollovers the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on each wheel and reduce power from the engine. the idea of driverless cars i think would be a good idea, in assistance of the driving world of the future. driverless cars could help the driver in multiple useful ways. driverless cars would require not so much great driving skills when driving, which puts less worry on the driver when on the road.