people have always been fascinated by da vincis mona lisa, partly because of the mysterious mix of emotions presented by the woman painted. however, according to making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, technology has decoded this mystery in the same way humans do  by analyzing emotions through facial muscular movements. this technological advancement is valuable because it allows technology to adapt to humans, rather than the other way around. this new technology, called the facial action coding system, simply acts the same way humans do by analzying the facial movements of another person. therefore, the process used by the f.a.c.s. is nothing new, rather it is just a coded version of what humans are already capable of. because of this, there is nothing to fear of its implications pertainting to its relative newness. additionally, the implications of this technology could help students achieve a better education while still receiving the emotion that is present in a real classroom. according to the article, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dalto  which means that lessons can be tailored specifically for each individual student. each year, more and more classrooms are implementing technology into their educational atmosphere. implimenting the facial action coding system simply enhances the overall experience the students receive from the compuetergenerated lessons that are already in place today. moreover, this new system could be used to make computeranimated faces more expressive  for video games or video surgery dalto . this type of implication would affect students of all ages. younger students could play betteranimated games that would help them learn more affectively while still learning and being exposed to empathy. meanwhile, older students that are in college could benefit from being able to view a realistic surgery without the cost, time, or energy of working out a way to view a real one. with all of these benefits and the fact that the facial action coding system simply does what da vinci did countless years ago, but on a more accessible scale, this new technology is invaluable to students in todays society.