limiting care usage is an advantage because some people were always tense when they had a car and now theyre saying theyre much happier without it. vauban is an example of a growing trend in europe, the united states and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called smart planning. automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middleclass families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes. and that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions tailpipes.. passenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and  in some carintensive areas in the united states. in the united states, the envirornmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities and legislatores are starting to act, if cautiously. congestion was down  in the capital of france, after  days of intensifying smog... diesel fuel was blamed, since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. diesels make up  of vehicles in france, compared to a . average of diesel engines in the rest of westen europe. recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer licenses as each year goes by. when adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis by doug short of advisor perspectives. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . part of the explanation certainly lies in the recession, because cashstrapped americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway. but by many measures the decrease in driving preceded the downturn and appears to be persisting now that recovery is under way. it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the envirornment, since transportation is the second largest souce of americas emissions, just behind power plants. companies like ford and mercedes are already rebranding themselves mobility companies with a broader product range beyond product range beyond the personal vehicle. with all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit.. new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do a proliferation of carsharing programs across the nation. there has been a large drop in the percentage of to  year olds getting a license, while older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age. a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and ... bill ford proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which pedestiran, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportaion traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. so in the end with all this information i think that limiting car usage is an advantage. it makes you explore more, get your excercise, try new things instead of always relying on a vehicle to take you somewhere. this information persuaded me and it made me realize what the gas from the car does to the earth. this is the reason why the earth and the air we breathe is so polluted because of whats in our cars and we dont even realize it. im definitely going to use it to my advantage i dont know about you....