the face is just a natural landform because there are plenty of landforms like the face on planet earth, it was common in the red planet called cydonia, and it is only giving illusions of a human face. some might say the face is some type of way that aliens are trying to tell us that theyre here with us. others might say the other half is crazy. but who is correct? earth has thousands of landforms, but only a few are really special. in paragraph , garvin states it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa around the same height as the face on mars. i believe what garvin is trying to say is that the face really isnt all what it seems to be. our landforms on earth might be on earth for the same reason that they are on mars. then, in the first sentence of paragraph , the author is saying that the face is equivalent of a buttle or messalandforms common around the american west. i think the author is trying to hint to the readers that the face is, again, almost just like the landforms on earth. earth is the only planet that supports life, but isnt the only planet to have natural landforms. the article also states that these types of things are common around cydonia. cydonia is a red planet where they set up cameras that helped then find the face. cydonia was only showing unusual shadows at the time so scientists just thought of it as another martian mesa like the ones on cydonia. in paragraph , they say that nasa unvieled the image with a caption saying huge rock formation... which could just be an astroid that hit the planet and while it smashed into mars, it could have chipped. there are always rocks flying in space hitting anything that gets in its way. the face is also only giving illusions of a humans face. the face was giving off shadows which made it look like a face because it formed a pair of eyes, a nose, and a mouth, which is stated in paragraphs  and . also, in paragraph , it says the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face which could be part of the reason of why they are seeing shadows. illusions are only from what you want to believe something is. the face is just a natural landform because there are plenty of landforms like the face on planet earth, it is a common landform in the red planet called cydonia, and it is only giving the illusions of a human face. some might point fingers, others might take a stand with aliens. who do you think is correct?