the thrilling concept of touching the stars has always been an endeavour man has striven to accomplish to understand our world and universe, to reach heights that were once only dreamed of. the author of this article has a similar view. he believes we should do what we can to explore and study the planets and stars, but one planet in particular, venus. venus seems a likely choice for many reasons, despite the danger, he provides options of safety, also its the most practical because its the closest and quite similar to earth, not only that, but venus remains a mystery and provides an exciting chalenge that must be overcome. with all this and more the author fully supports his idea that the challenge of exploring venus is a worthy one. first of all, the author acknowledges the fact that it is a dangerous, and quite daunting task. as he says in paragraph , no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. he fully understands that there will be risk, proving to the reader that this isnt simply a wild idea he just came up with, but that he has done his research and grasps the fact that it wont be easy. moreover, he furthers his argument by putting forth ideas to increase safety. he mentions experiments and tests that have provided scientists with information to produce electronics and materials able to last longer on venuss inhospitable surface conditions. these advances will allow scientists to conduct research in order to better understand this mysterious planet. however, despite any time setbacks concerning development of suitable equipment, venus has many more practical for our ventures. venus is at times the closest planet in our solar system. proximity is extremly important where space travel is concerned. it is much more reasonable that we would study and explore a planet that is relativelyl easy to get to. not only this, but venus is rather similar to earth. in fact as the article states it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. as a reuslt it has sparked much interest and fascination for many astronomers. in addition to this, venus proposes a challenge unlike any other. this is a planet that will not divulge its secrets easily, as is extremely difficult to examine. we mus strive to meet this challenge headon, to learn all we can about this mysterious, earthlike planet. the author concludes with a compelling argument that gives his claim more of an edge, he says,  our travels on earth and beyond ...should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagintion and innovation. humans will be met with challenge after challenge and we cannot scatter at the idea of danger, but rather stand firm and face these difficulties that will lead us to even greater heights. while this article may have a few faults, the author inspires and excites the minds of curious adventurers who seek reach beyond any limits. he provides reason mixed with ideas that appeal to a readers sense of emotion and supports his claim to a point that they are willing to rise up and meet this challenge like none other. mankind is faced with this endeavour to seek out and overcome the danger of his proposal, to let their dreams of reaching the stars, become reality.