in my position on driverless cars is in both positive and negative views because it may sound fun but it is also not fun because people can really get hurt. the reason i said it is in a positve and negative view is because sometimes people dont know what there doing or how to drive correctly. driverless cars are good in some ways and bad in some ways. also because it is expensive to make cars like that. spending alot of money on that. also it may take a long time to make more than one driveless car. i think its positive and negative views on the driverless cars. the reason i say it is positive is because it drives by its self. also because it alerts you when you have to take control on the wheel. another reason is because they can steer, accelerate and brake themselfs as said in the article. also because the seat vibrates when its in danger of backing into an object. this is a positive thing because what if something is happening in the car and you need to fix or help someone thats in the car with you, you can easly switch over and do what you have to do. another reason is it has a camrea in the car to watch the driver while the driver is watching the road. it also notify the human thats in the car to the navigation system through work zones and also around accidents. also they have sensors in the car on top of the the car to see if there is any cars around them and also they use a laser beam to form a constantly updating d modle of cars surrounding. the reason i say it could be negative to is because what if the driver is not quick enough to take the wheel when the car notify them. also because other drivers would get bored, they would get tired of waiting on there time to drive as said in the article. also because some drivers may think its thier oppurtunity to text and drive or talk on the phone and drive when its really not. someone could really get hurt if the driver dont pay attention to the road. than on top of that new laws would have to be made. also what if something go wrong with the car? who fault would that be? some people are just not fit to have a driverless car in there sight. some people may think its a joke or game and drive for fun but some one could actully get seriouly hurt. some people dont have self control. also some people dont know how to be responseable with having a driverless car. as i said before i think its positive and negative. this is my conclustion on position on driveless cars.