emotions and facial expressions can sometimes be difficult and complicated to understand. everyone has emotions and facial expressions and you cant always detect another persons emotions and feelings. in the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto the author describes a new technology, facs facial action coding system is a technology that allows you to detect how other are feeling and improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of other. a computer constucts a d computer model of a face and there are action units which are one or muscles moving, the action unit is the associated with  different basic emotions and it lets you see the emotions going on from just detecting the moving muscles on the face. i believe that this new form of technology is valuable when it comes to reading the emotional expressions of students. facs could be the start of a lot more important and beneficial technology in the future. this new technology could be either very valueable or not valueable at all. i believe it will end up being very valuable in the future because it will help computers understand emotions and will help students and there education. some students hide there emotions and thoughts on the way they are being taught even when it isnt beneficial and helpful for them. everyone can have different preferences on how they are taught and facs could let the computer know how the student feels about it, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor stated dr. huang which helps understand that the way the lesson is being taught can be changed by the computers because it can read the emotions of the students and will change the lesson in the prefernence of the students which allows them to benefit more. i believe that everyone being able to learn in their prefernce of learning is the most beneficial and valuable thing facs can do. facs will be valuebale all over the world because of its capability of reading human emotions, being able to do that is a very important thing because then the coputer can change the things you see and do in your preference. i believe that facs will be a valueable use of tecnology to read students emotions. a computer being able to read emotions will be a beneficial and positive thing in society and will help students succeed in there classrooms. students being able to have there lesson taught differently in there prefernce will help students feel more confident and heppier when learning. the outcome of computers having emotions will most likely be a great value in society in the end. the enabling of computers to identify human emotions will change be a beneficial thing.