driverless cars are i can agree a thing of the future. with the gas we use for our everyday cars fossil fuels running low as the years progress we will have to change something or make a alternate. driveless cars currenlty are not very popular because of the still upcoming development of them. the cars we use on a every day bases will be a thing of the past with driveless cars coming in to the scene. driveless cars could be very positive for all kinds of things and people. the idea of a car driving by itself using its own operating system with little human need is a very cool and interseting project. this could be one of the worlds most create creations to go down in history. this would help everyone from from people who cant drive as well, to people who maybe disabled in anyway etc. this could be the future of transportion. but i see lots of problems with self programed cars. when i say i see problems with the idea of self driving cars i mean there are a lot of things to consider. first, i would say what type of energy source will these cars be running off of? i say this because in the future there will no longer be fossil fuels to just fill up your tank for a good three dollars per gallon. we would need some type of energy source that would operate the cars day and night. i have just one more problem with this develop of cars. are they truly for everyone? i mean yes... sure they can drive on there own with no lots of human help but, what if the communcation system goes wrong? maybe your car stops driving by itself because of a system maulfuncation, but you dont know to drive and now your in a dangerous situation. these are just thoughts and ideas that the comanys and law enforcers have to consider with allowing this cars to be brought by the pubic when they release. companys are still working nonstop on these cars and to make sure problems like these wont happen. lots of companys like google, telsa, audi, nissan, mercedesbenz and lots of others already have and or plan to have cars that can self drive in the future. the future is full of great projects to be made. these task and projects maybe seem diffcult or maybe impossible, but were not giving up and we will complete our goals.