false face on mars for some decades people have been spark with the idea of an acient civilizationaliens on mars for a while due to viking  capturing a picture of what seem to be a face on mars. hollywood movies, commercial, comics, and etc commercial things have fill the minds of many people with flase accusation. the saying of dont always beleive what you see or hear is true in this situation. there are many reason why this information is false. and i as a scientist at nasa will give you reason and facts on why it is flase. the truth is there is no face on mars. if there were face on mars there would be many more sign of life and ancient artifact or buildings from ages ago. just like in earth there were many sign leading to ancient civilization such as the inca, maya, aztec, and egytian. this civilization had proof such as ruins, artifact, and fossil leading to it, but there werent any sign of any of those in mars instead there was just an asume face . as one can see here with just an asume face on mars so it was unlikely that an aliensother being did it. a person might claim that scientists could be hiding fact from people so they dont find out the truth about the face like an alien actually making the face. i as a scientist would have already known report or leaked if some scientist were hiding something. scientist love to share facts or truth, it is their second nature. and it is our responsibility to tell you guys about new fascinating discover we made not hide it. and this proof that is it would be pointless for scientist to hide the truths from people. one of the most vauble reason is that the picture was taken in the s. at the time the camera qualities and technowlogy werent as advance as nowdays. the article state that there were three perfect shot of the picture taken one from , , and . there is abig difference in each of these shot. in the  picture it show a picture of what seem to be a face but later on in the  picture it show a disoriented face or landform. then in the last picture in  it show a martian or a natural landform such as one that is in earth. the qualities in these has much difference as the  one being the most advance. the face also was effect by shadow from mars, as state in the article that the dark color for the eys and nose plus mouth of the face image was cause by shadow from an angle in mars due to the camera not being able to take a perfect angle of the martian. and all these fact are poiting out that the face on mars is a false information. with information scientist have been gathering and finding an alien being or an acient civilization on mars is a dead end. the media is have a great effect on the people minds leading them to not see the truth that the face on mars is a very false idea coming from the people minds, now that the facts has been out to public people are agreeing with the scientist more and more. thus all these facts and research from scientists leading to that the face on mars is false but just a martian landform.