ah, the electoral college. dont you just love how irrelevent, unfair, and confusing it is? in fact, it is so without flaw, that in , al gore won the popular vote, but he lost the presidency source . some people say that the electoral college is an anachronism, but some people disagree. those people are wrong. the electoral college was irritating in the s, and its irritating now. you should side with richard nixon, jimmy carter, and the chamber of commerce source , and abolish the electoral college. first, and most importantly, the electoral college is unfair to voters . most states in the electoral college is based on a winner take all system if the candidate gets the majority of votes in that state, that candidate gets the electors source . this means most candidates focus in on the states they know that they have a chance of winning, and focus on going after swing states source . if a candidate was to get the majority in texas, florida, and california, the three biggest swing states, the candidate would have  electoral votes, almost half of the  votes necessary to win sources  and . voters for the electoral college say that people in the swing states are going to pay closer attention to the campaign and become more thoughtful voters source , but should  of the nation decide who runs your country?! the second virus causing the electoral college to convulse and bite its tongue in half is what happens in the event of a tie. if this is to occurr, then state delegates in the house of represenatatives decide the president source . each state only casts one vote, so the representative from rhode island would have just as much to say as the  representatives from the state of california source  and . not only that, but a majority of people vote one party for president and another for congress source . there are  possible votes in the electoral college source , so it isnt impossible for a tie to happen. in , if , voters from ohio and , voters in hawaii had switched candidates, there would have been a tie source . and finally, the last thing that makes the electoral college as relevant as a new wheel for your horse and buggy is that, its mindbogglingly confusing. the electoral college is run by humans, so we must account for human error. the electors are just people chosen by the candidate who dont hold a seat in government sources  and . in , a group of racists in louisiana almost replaced democratic electors with ones who would oppose john f. kennedy, and he would have lost the election source . in hawaii, also in , two slates of electors were sent source . faithless electors have refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding vote for anyone else source . in conclusion, the electoral college is literally pointless. its unfair and confusing. if america had decided on a majority rules electoral system, and not this pile of trash, we would still have all the same presidents we did before. well, except al gore.