when it comes to the topic of driverless cars, i am against the idea. while there might be some perks to them, i think the risks of having them is too much. if we have driverless cars we would have to worry about accidents, loss of experince of driving, and the after effects. driverless cars might hurt us more than help us and heres why. having any type of car, theres most likely going to be an accident sometime. in driverless cars theres more things that can go wrong in the car than in a car driven by a human, like fails in the wiring or sensors. if an accident is caused by a driverless car who would be blamed? as the author said in the story, would it be the owner or the manufacture? in the story it says traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver. therefore serveral already traffic laws would have to be changed and several new laws would have to be added. if cars become driverless then most people will lose the experience of driving a car. several people enjoy learning how to drive but they wont be able to if we have only driverless cars. if people dont learn how to drive, what will they do if they every need to? if something electrical happens with all the cars most people will be stuck where theyre at. there are several jobs that rely on drivers that will be lost with driverless cars. jobs such as taxi drivers, truckers, and pizza delivery people will most likely be lost with driverless cars. my final statement of why i disagree with driverless cars is because of the effect it will cause. with all cars being driverless, it will leave several people jobless and cause several people to have to be retrained to work with the driverless cars. another effect it will have is the cost to produce the cars. it will most certainly cost several hundreds of millions of dollars to produce the cars, which is money that can be well spent doing something else. the last effect im going to bring up is what will happen to cars we already have? what will we do with them? will they be able to drive along with the driverless cars? whos going to take our old cars when we switch to driverless cars? in my opinion, i disagree with switching to driverless cars. i think the flaws and unknowns are to great to switch just yet. i think the accidents, loss of experience, and the effects of them are too great. driverless cars might hurt us mire than help us.