the software is the latest innovation from prof. thomas huang, of the becjman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois. can we actually calculate emotions? how can a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel?. these process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face, all the major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. these program can really help teachers to figure out how thier students are feeling. nuci sebe of the university of amsterdam dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. these new process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face, all  major musvloes in the model must moke like human muscles. movement of one or more muscles is calle an action unit. as an examole six classified basic emotions six basic emotions as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. can we actually calculate emotions? the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. the new emotion recogniton sfotware tracks these facial movements in the real face or the painted face of mona lisa. for example each expression is compared against a neutral face.in fact we humans perfroms this same impressive calculation. as the last example a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson. how can a cumputer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel? the new computer software stores a similar anatomical information as electronic code that allows the computer to describe the feeling that are beings expressed while the picture was taken. in fact are the instructions for a face that looks happy. its all about those muscular action units. whoever tought making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions is a really helpfull software that allows the teachers to know hoe their students are feeling.