hello, my name is luke, and i would like to introduce you to a program called seagoing cowboys. this program allows you to take care of animals, see amazing places, and go on exiting and lively adventures. you can also help your community. for example, when world war  was over in europe, and many countries were left in ruins,  nations joined together to help those counries recover. seagoing cowboys were hired to take care of the horses, young cows and mules that were shipped overseas. who would not want to do all that and more? nobody! there are so many reasons you should join the seagoing cowboys! lets face it. all of us would want to be seagoing cowboys. you get to take care of cute and amazing animals. even though taking care of animals is a hard and responsible job, you can still have fun. have you ever seen a cow eat? if you havent, they are hilarious! also the animals can love you. everyone loves to be loved. the animals could cuddle with you, and, in a way, protect you. being a seagoing cowboy also allows you to see unique and amazing places. when i went on my trips as a seagoing cowboy, i got to see beautiful places. i got to see europe and china, but the most amazing place i went to was greece. plus, i didnt just sit on the boat, i got out and toured the contries. i also got to see historical places such as the panama canal. do you like exiting and thrilling adventures? i do! going sailing as a seagoing cowboy allowed me to go on adventures all the time. there were dangerous times when the ocean was storming, the waves were huge, and sky black, but for the most part in was always nice. the ocen provided a cool breeze on a hot sunny day. the weather was perfect for sitting down and relaxing in the nice sunshine. so, as you can see going sailing with the seagoing cowboys is an adventure of a lifetime. heres the point, being a seagoing cowboy is awesome. you get to take care of the cute, funny, and loving animals. plus, you get to see the most exotic places. also, you have the privlidge of going on fun and thrilling adventures. there are many ups and downs to being a seagoing cowboy, but it was the best desition of my life, and i bet it will be the best desition of your life too. so go and help the world by becoming a seagoing cowboy!