in my opinion, im against driveless car and i believe that it is not safe for us. driverless car still have a long way to go none of the driveless car that are invented today are ready to be tested in the real world. we have car that we used in today world and theres no problem with it. there are no reason why we need driveless car. first, how can we trust driveless car or the company creating these car? they are so useless and we dont need it. i know it sound cool self driving car but, how can we trust these companies makeing these car. most of the comany that sell car are money maker. according to the drivelss cars are comming in paragraph nine the author stated if the techonology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? what if you are invloved in accident and none of it was your fault, and they chager you for it. futhermore, we should all be concered about this, and my big concered is how much these driveless car cost? what if it cost like million of dollar to own these car. then it would be useless and a wastefull of money. in the text it also stated that the car can only handle  mph, and the human have to keep hold of the wheel. what the point of riding the driveless car, if you have to keep hold of the wheel. in the rest of paragraph  it talks about the human must stay alert and be ready to over take any danger situation. coumpter car are not really safe there could be a smart hacker and takes contorol of your car. how will we react to a hacker and who would be responblie for it if we got invovel in a carsh? on the other hand, most of the company like mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have car that can drive by themselves by . as times goes on coumpter will drive our own car and ruled over us. we have to be aweard of what is happening. most of us are not even sure what self driving car exactly is and never been on self drving car before. for me, i think i dont need self driving car i got my own hand and i can drive my self as safe as i wanted to be. in conclusion, i hope in the near future there will be no consequencey with self driving car. years , is not a long way before you know it everyone could ride selfdriving car. coumpter will contorol the car and we put our saftey in their hand. we will have to turst the coumpter that it is safe to ride the self driving coumpter car.