the seagoing cowboys program the seagoing cowboys program is a very nice thing in many ways. you will have lots of opportunitys to do things that you have never done in your life. the reasons that i know you should join this program is you get to take care of animals,have fun playing games on board with other cowboys,you get to ride the waves all the time on a boat, and going new places to see other things and cultures. the first reason you should join this program is you get to take care of overseas animals. luke said you get to take care of horses,young cows,and mules that were shipped overseas. helping animals is very fun and animals might be very cute to you so this is a big advantage to joining this program. you will start to build a relationship with the animals and start to love them in a way you cant imagine. the second reason you should join this seagoing cowboy program is you get to have fun on board with other cowboys. cowboys on board like luke get to play baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where the animals had been housed. other games that cowboys play to pass time is tabbletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling. the third reason you should join the seagoing cowboys program is you get to ride the waves on a boat to see the sea. lots of people love seeing the ocean and riding on it,but this way you just have to join the program and you can ride the seas as much as you like. the ocean is soothing and is just so peaceful compared to the city where it is very load and annoying. the fourth and most important reason you should join the seagoing cowboy program is you get to discover new places and sightseeing. going to greece, europe, china, and many other places seems really fun for seeing new cultures,how people dress, and the landforms. its good to explore something new and go around the world in this program. in conclusion,i think the seagoing cowboys program is one of the best programs of all time. you get to explore,take care of animals,and have lots of fun with friends. i hope you take this message massivly that joining this program will change the way you think about life today.