i believe that the face was land made because in the picture from  in the fifth pharagraph, it looks like a face. but when you look at the other pictures at the top of the article you dont see any dips that point towards alien creation. i belive that like, in the article, it was just an effect of the light and shadows. the shadows could have been made by a higher point of the mesa and when the light hit it just right, it made it look like a face. in the last pharagraph, jim garvin, the cheif scientist of nasas mars exploration program said,  it reminds me of snake river plain in idaho. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. to me garvins idea of what the face on mars really is, seem very logical. there have been land formations that people say are made by aliens. but, for all we know it could have been man made millions of years ago. we will never know because we dont have strong enough evidence to prove if it was man made, a creation made by aliens, or was simply made over time. looking at the third image at the top of the article, you can see that there is nothing on the surface of the face on mars. as a rule of thumb, you can discern thins in a digital image  times bigger then the pixle size. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shake, you could see what they were. garvin said in pharaghraph eleven. from far away the face looks like, well, a face. but, once you get a close up of it you can see that it was only a forplay of shadows. the things that we hear about on the news, in magazines, radio talk shows, films, and books get so blown out of praportion that people will read it and believe that there really is a face on mars that was created by aliens. i understand that there are some things that we really dont know about, and maybe never will. but, i believe that if there are aliens, that we would be given some strong evidence that they were on mars, earth or wherever. but, for now, we will have to keep looking into things and discover more things about earth and the things that happened on earth and to earth millons of years ago. when technoligy advances and we get more chances to look at things and get deeper into research, we will know if there really are aliens or not.