whats your opinion on the facial action coding system facs? if people used this system, it wouldnt be right. this might seem like a good and helpful system but if we start using it, itll more likely upset people because not everyone is comfortable with others knowing their emotions, if everyone knows others emotions then we wont have to communicate as much because we have a machine thatll tell us, and jobs will be taken away because we will no longer need them. yes, this system would be quite interesting, but many people wouldnt agree with always having others know how theyre feeling. they want to keep to theirselves and just think their emotions through, they shouldnt have to share them if they dont want to. in the passage, it says, for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. at this point, youd ask if she is okay. if she doesnt want you to know then she wont tell you so she shouldnt have to. if she does want to talk about it or tell you how shes feeling then she will. the person should always have an option as to whether or not people figure out how theyre feeling. imagine the person next to you, in this case a girl, is sitting there just staring off into space, you would probably ask them what she is thinking about. if we use this system, then we wont have to ask because well already know if shes angry. if you already know shes angry then you wouldnt go up and talk to her, meaning wed lose communication and that person would lose someone to talk to her emotions about if she wanted to. in the article, it says, eckman has classified the six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness... this shows that the computer will be able to detect the emotion that person is feeling so you wont have to. in society today, we shouldnt use this system. maybe if it was back in the day then it would be more beneficial because we didnt have as many therapists to help but now we have occupations that help us figure out how and why were feeling certain emotions. as an example, imagine yourself as a therapist. if youre a therapist, youd have multiple patients coming in your room on a regular basis to talk about how theyre feeling, how their day was, etc. and youd help them figure out why theyre feeling happy, depressed, sad, angry, etc. the next day you look on the news and theres a new kind of computer that tells you how youre feeling, but thats your job. when you go into work, only half of your usual patients come in and the next day, the amount splits in half again. sooner or later, youre down to very few patients but you arent getting paid enough anymore so you have to quit and find another occupation. this is what would happen to many therapists and occupations similar because the people have a different way of seeing their emotions now. in conclusion, the facial action coding system is not a good idea. this system would make society more antisocial. we should work on finding more ways for people to come together and communicate with each other and this would do the opposite. it would make the people who do not want everyone to know their emotions upsetangry, it would make us lose communication, and some of our occupations would be lost. those are some examples of how the facs is not very beneficial.