in the article, a cowboy who rode the waves. a boy named luke bomberger went on an adventure as an seagoing cowboy. there are positive and negative things about the adventure. but, i still think people should try out the seagoing cowboy programs, because you you can see many wonderful views and ects. one reason people should try out the seagoing cowboys program is, you can visit many places that you havent been before like, china, europe, and ects. imagine your living in u.s.a right now, and you dream is to go to europe. your dream can come true from trying the seagoing cowboy programs! also, places like europe and china have their own cultures, which are extremely different from u.s.as culture. according to paragraph , it said besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. so, not only you can visit wonderful places, you can also help people at the same time! another reason is, you can play games like baseball, volleyball, table tennis, fencing, boxing, and ects. playing sports is one of the most popular thing to do in the world. when people have fun doing things, it feels like time pass away extremely fast. the adventure may take weeks or even months, but with fun things like these sports, itll feel short. like i said in the first paragraph, you can see many wonderful views. this reason kind of connect to the visiting places that youve never been before, because when you go to a new place, there will be new things youll see and learn about. like i said before, most places have different culture. you can find new things or learn something. some places have different languages to other countriesstates. so, maybe youll learn new languages and you can communicate with people. these are some reasons why people should participate in the seagoing cowboys program. it might take a long time to travel, but itll be fun! there might be chances the participators will get hurt, but what is life withour a few accidents? lke bomberger had participate in this program many times, but he still think its wonderful. according to paragraph , luke said im grateful for the opportunity, he says. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. that represents he think this program is magnificent and fun!