the use of facs or facial action coding system in the world of technology in computer programing should be enabled to the world around us. we know that today we live in a society of emotions, those emotions are expressed through our facial recognition. often these true emotions are hidden away from society because of other needs meaning to be met. political faces for example are an example of how the facs can be used to others advantagese. as shown in the selection to support my claim to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this piece of literature is a non fiction article due to its not being fantasy or made up. the author uses the inductive approach to keep readers interested in what he has to say. this article will most likely follow the path of logos because of its statistical history. society doesnt need to be lied to because the political results of that can damage many. having facs can stop politicians in lieing and give statistical evidedence to the public. such things as but in a fake smile, the mouth the mouth is streched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risouris. a benefit of knowing this simple strategy can make a differnece in how you precieve someone or how you deal with a situation. for example the police force can widely benefit too, because of their crime investigators and interogates. when interrogating the suspect not only will facs can find out if their lieing but also the amount of time spent one one case. the author gives us the tone of curiousness and innovation to the audience by saying hold on! can we actually calculate emotions like math homework? and how can a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel? the way the words are semantically and syntactiaclly correct is giving the choice of the article. also when the author asks questions to the audience it brings involvence to the appeal to the audiences attention. when taking the famous painting of mona lisa as an example her expression is blank to the viewing public. no one knows how she actually felt at the time of the painting besides her and the painter da vinci. the facs has been a great accomplishment for the two professors attending illinois university and the amsterdam university. the two professors thomas huang and nicu sebe have come up with this wonderful cnocept. this doesnt only qualify when telling someone is lieing bu the use of everyday life and advancements in eduacation. when talking about the advancement of eduaction usually facial expression recognition isnt in the topic. but with facs education can be advanced to a whole new level through computers. supporting my claim is what dr. huang has stated himself  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored and then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this would be extremly helpful to learning because of the expressions we make technology can advance to benefit us in more ways than one. including this statement of most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication this gives a reason as to why there should be no reason to fear the computer. it will only be there to help assisst in your eductaional aid. using facs can be very helpful to phsycologist that talk to kids and adults about their situations. when there are menatlly disabled or situations where the reaction is showing mixed results there can be an advancement in the phsycology industry. given the situation facial recognition can advance with computers to give life a new meaning. i do believe the technology to allow the emotional expressions of students in a classroom should be enabled. there are and can be so many new possibilites for this in every country around the world. not only for medical or educational reasons but for daily use at the work place, meetings, schools and even a psych ward. in conclusion i do consider that facs should be enabled and it will help us for many centuries.