have you ever wondered what it would be like to get in your car and simply puch a button to get where you want to go? most people think that this would pleasure to have. not many people take into consideration all of the problems that having driverless vehicles could bring. having driverless behicles might seem like a dream when in reality would be a nightmare. most people think of driving as a relaxing activity. not only is it a form of transportation but a stress relieving pass time. having driverless cars would erradicate that peace and serenity. in paragraph  the article driverless cars are coming it states that, why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? this statement exemplifies how inconvenient it would be to have to wait around for your car to tell you when you can resume driving. another reason that having driverless cars would be inconvenient would be that if an accident were to occur who would be to blame. paragraph  of the article demonstrates the problem by stating, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this showcases that drivereless cars would also be causing trouble after an accident. at the time there is no way of justifying which was the cause of the accident, man or machine. finally, it would be expensive to build either the roads or the cars. these cars would have to come full of sensors and indicators which cant be cheap. the article shows this by saying, these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to the existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. sure these driverless cars work well on the road but at what cost. where would the funding to build entirely new roads over the entire country come from? these are just three of the many different inconveniences that driverless roads would bring to us. they would take the fun out of driving, bring more trouble than there already is after accidents, and burn a hole in our wallets. this is why having driverless cars might seem like a dream but in reality would be a nightmare.