the use of the facial action coding system technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable, because that would mean our technology intelligence is improving. the more improvement we get in technology, the more the world will change. the facial action coding system will show how the person that is getting tested or is using this, how they feeling. what if your look is the opposite than what you are feeling or you, as in yourself dont feel anything? the facial action coding system can help identify the look you are given from another person. this technology wouldnt be like math homework, your science teacher grading your lab assignment, or a robot giving out data, it would be more like a clear resulting answer. it would not be a percentage, so that would help others who are younger and have yet learned about percentages. the world would be controlled by a computer rather than humans. computers can give out wrong data, for example, if you would determine to search something up for a project and it came up with different websites,different websites can give different answers like wikipedia, it could give you a wrong answer and then you would ask your teacher or professor if your data seemed right heshe would be like  this is not the right information then pulls out a book determining the answer to your question that gives the right information you need to complete your project. anway, if technology starts controlling the world, who would control the technology? this will lead to another device and then another, then finally we would completely be controlled by technology electronics more than what the world is at the moment. the technology could have a malfunction and cause people to start worrying and frightened. sometimes your facial expression is different than what you are actually feeling. in conclusion, the new technology called the facial action coding system can be a good idea, but at the same time can be a horrid idea. it all depends on peoples perspective. different people result in different answers. not everyone will result in ahving the same exact answer like others.