there are many advantages to limiting car usage. limiting car usage helps to cleanse the environment, saves citizens money, and can help with improving citizens health. one advantage to limiting car usage is that it will cleanse the environment. cars give off a number of gallons of gas each time theyre used. these toxic chemicals found in gases pollute the air. imagine breathing in all of that waste! studies have actually found evidence that the toxins from car fuel are very harmful to the health of animals, plants, and humans. it can cause breathing difficulties associated with problems in the lungs when inhaled too heavily as well as it dirties plants and makes it more difficult for them to grow healthy, like they should, and it can even poison and kill the animals. who wants to take a risk so deadly? another advantage to limiting car usage is that it will save citizens money. cars arent cheap. depending on the make and model of the car, they can cost anywhere from , to ,. insurance and keeping up with the maintenance of a car also costs a lot. car owners should be expecting to pay  a month for car maintence, and if insurance is required, depending on the state that the car owner lives in, than another additional . finally, is the price for gas. the price for gas in this day in age economy ranges from .. per gallon! if a car owner has a long way to drive, but doesnt have a lot of money, heshe may want to consider taking a bus or carpooling with someone to help them out. a rather more humorous advantage to limiting car usage, is that it could help give citizens a work out. instead of driving where they need to go, people could walk to their desired destination and burn a ton of calories while doing it! or in contrast to waiting for a friend to pick them up outside their houses, they could walk to a bus stop and wait for the bus to take them wherever they need to go. this also relates to saving money and helping cleanse the environment. citizens will pay less for a gym membership now that theyre getting a work out. theyll also be helping the environment by not burning all of those fuel wastes just to get to where they need to go. its a winwin for everyone! of course, there are many advantages to limiting car usage for our citizens, their wallets, and the environment. these three are just a few of the plentiful, conservative ways out there however, theyre all extroardinarily efficient.