the author of the challenge of exploring venus supports his idea by using various different pieces of evidence while implementing the reality of the potentially dangerous exploration. the new developments in technology put furth a new pathway of innovation in reserach. with the new advancements in technology, scienctist are able to discover many similarities between venus and earth. the similarities also bring to view the danger of the planet venus itself. studying venus is a worthy pursuit because of the new advancements in technology, the similarities between the two planets, and the possible challenges of researching the untamed planet. the ever growing advancement in technology allows for the further reasearch of the neighboring planet venus. for example when the author says, another project is looking back to an old technology to gain insite of what previously worked and what could be improved. another piece of evidence is when the author states an improvement that can be made, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant. the greater and never ending advancements in technology allows scientist to explore the vast similarities between our planet and venus. the similarities of earth and venus make the reserach worth wild and valuable. for example, venus has become very fascinated by astronomers because of how it is the most earthlike planet in our solar system which suggests that the research we gain from venus could affect how we think about the earth. another example is when the author suggests that, venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planertary visit. even with the similarities, the dangers of the planet can make the research difficult. the conditions of venus would make research very difficult but not impossible. the planet has many components that would make studying it very hard such as having,  the hottest surface temperature. venus also has rough terrain and weather such as, erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightening strikes which would make landing a ship nearly impossible. in conlcusion, the research of venus is valuable to achieve because of the new technology, the likeness of our earth and venus, and the challenges that will be faced during the reserach.