driverless cars are one of the worlds most interesting transportation systems yet to come. even though the cars are not truly driverless they still can have many benifits that are better than transportation today. the driverless cars are expected to come in the near future. the first company that is expected to have the first model of the driveless car is google. google has been working on this project for years to find a way to make the perfect model. many companies will follow after google once they hear the pros about the newest google invention for transportation. companies such as mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have that car that can drive themselves by the year of ,paragraph . this is an example on how companies are going to follow after google makes the new system and they see how much their marketing has increased by. this car is not only popular for its look and ability to go the perfect speed, but this car will also be good for safety reasons. if the car is in a troubled situtation, it will alert the driver that they need to take control of the car until they are able to regain stability and are out of the troubled area. the cars are able to steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but the cares are designed to notify when the driver needs to take control. all these cars are creating special small little parts to add on to their car to give their customers a little bit of a feel of how it feels to have something done for you that you usually have to do. they add a new gadget everytime they create a new model. cars in the future are going to be nothing like the cars we use today. in conclusion driverless cars are a huge invetion that will change life in the future different than how it is today. driverless cars are going to make life a whole lot easier once they make the perfect model. these new and improved super cars will make life better and safer. driverless cares may be fun but what is really important, is how the amount of safety will increase with this design