i disagree with with having driverless cars because of possible technology issues, anxiety, and who would be held accountable if the car crashes. there are way too many questions that cannot be answered when it comes to these cars. also i honestly think risk of death while in one of these cars is a lot higher than an actual human driver. if driverless cars actually came to be then that would mean they would have to implant several radars and motion systems in each and every car they create, accroding to paragragh four. also in paragraph four it says all of these systems are necessary to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. if they have to install of these system just to mimic a humans skill, then how much more technonlogy do you think they are going to need to actually avoid as many wrecks as humans. the creation of the driverless car is to lower the rate of car crashes. if they are using all of this technology just to mimic a human behind the wheel, then all of the hard work would be pointless because the rate of car crashes is not going to change if the driverless car is just like human behind the wheel. also even if they do create these cars and a small interference takes place, how many cars would it effect and who would the blame fall back on? the driver or the manufacturer. in paragraph seven it states the will cars have special sensors to make the driver keeps a hold of the wheel. also it states that the human driver inside of the vehicle would have to remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires them to. this would create anxiety for millions of drivers. the driver would have no clue when they would have to take full control of a moving vehicle and meanwhile other cars are driving on the same street too. i can think of several instances where this could cause easily create a wreck. for example what if the driver decieds to change the radio station it is their turn to take over and they slam on the brakes. the cars behind the driver might also end up wrecking trying to avoid the driver that wanted to go from . to . on the radio for a split second while the radars had full control of the car. my last reason i do not agree with driverless cars is because who would the blame fall on if the cars crashed. how would outsiders know what caused the crash. if there is a crash where both of the drivers are knocked out, then who would be able to talk and remeber what system caused them to crash. in paragraph nine it says if the technology fails and someone gets hurt who is held accountable? this is a very good question that seems to be very hard to answer. therefore, driverless cars are a bad idea. in conclusion driverless cars are a very bad idea beacause of possible tech issuses, aniexty, and who would be liable if the car crashes.