ever since the th century many people have been intrested in cars. cars have played a major role in our societys till today, for family road trips, fild trips, sports events, and even going to school. today many peoples ideals on cars are withering into a more fundumental and evnviromental mind set on why people should limit driving, and or if not, dish it out compleatly. showing the positive effects on why limiting car use is good and showing how bad it can turn if we dont limit the driving in our daily lives. why is it good to limit driving in our socities today a few reasons are that they reduce stress, it lessens air pollution, its a healthy life style, and it is much safer. in source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky states   its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. this quote, quoted from selsky states that not only did car bring pollution but also stress because of bills and damages these cars brought to our socities, so because of limited driving and more open space to breath clean air most stress is readuced. air pollution is a big factor that we face today in some countries like pairs, germany, japan, china, and our own country the united states of america. the limitation of cars can reduce this problem and help us keep a cleaner society. today countries like germany, pairs, and colombia are taking large steps into saving our world from smog by creating comunities that dont allow cars in them  source in german suburb, life gose on without cars by elisabeth rosethal , or bans drving because of smog  source  paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer , and creates days that become popular that invoves a day or days without driving  source  carfree day in spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky. in source  the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal shows us on how todays generation st century is less intrested in cars than the people in the th century generations. this decrease of intest may be because of car accedents and or the reason that they feel no need to get a car. this is and can be possible in we limit the public and personal transportation. cars and any type of transportantion hase been a big benifactor to many people through the th and st century but it has caused many dmages not only to the atmosphere, but to our comunities too. cars have caused stress on people due to car bills, damage to there cars that might not have been there fault but the other civilians fault, it also creates stress by the living conditions for example  our air due to pollution . in source  paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer he states  after days of near record pollution, pairs enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city he states that pairs air pollution was so bad that they had to ban the city from drivning. air pollution is not only bad in paris, france but it is also bad in countries like germany, colombia, the us, and beijing,china holding a record of the most polluted cities in the world. because pollutuion is a very big problem in our socities today it can cause breathing problems and or mental disorders. cars have also caused congestion preventing people to get to their destinations on time. this all could and is happening because of the no limitation of cars. in conclusion, cars have held a huge impact to our comunity that led to some benifit but mostly damage like pollution, stress, and congestion on the other hand due to the limitation of cars not only do we have less air pollution but it also reduces stress and helps people live a more healthy life style. drving is nice but it even nicer to look at your community with a much stress free feel and enjoy the out doors.