did you know that venus is often called earth twin because it is the closest planet to earth in tems of density and size.that is why i think we should try to learn more about it, here are some reason why we should. one of the reason is venus is the one of the nearest opiton for planetary visit, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it my well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life.today, venus still has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains and craters.venusian geology have recored things like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface.the next reason is they are compelling idea for sending humans to study venus.nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of the way. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  drgrees fahrenheit. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. the last reason is they have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since on spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours that is why nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example. some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss project it looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers.they were used druing world war , the reason is because they are ment to last and they are.theas are the reasons why i think we should pursuit to learn as much as we can before it is to late.dont you think so?