driverless cars are somethign that has become athign in the last couple of years. this brought great contorversy on whether it is neccessary or if it is plain idiotic. some people belive that there is no point in a driverless car because its not technically driverless at this point, it still needs a driver to drive for certain things. i however believe driverless cars is a great idea here is why. a driverless car cuts back on gas nearly by half and this is great al around. gas fumes cause pollution especially with nearly everyone beign a motorist in this day and age more cars are on the street whihc adds up to more fumes. the gas fumes cut throught the ozone which is very important to the biosphere. without the ozone layer the air quality will plummit. so if there is a small chance that a driverless car can cut back n gas thats a great idea. not only will this cut back on pollution it will cut back on gas prices. gas prices have steadily increasing over the years and this had put a dent in your pocket. many people work hard for their money, and a fraction of that goes to your car for gas. so driverless cars are beginning to sound a lot better in these aspects, but how about the overall effect of them. is a driverless car actually driving or assisting you? i believe it is assisting you, which isnt entirely bad. especillay if you are a new driver it takes some of the pressure off of you as you try adn advance your driving skills. driverless cars can, steer, accelerate,and brake themselves, but notify thre driver when the road ahead requires human skills. if the drivers attention is needed, gm has developed seat that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. google has a car that announces when the driver is needed. the people and comapnies that develop these cars are keeping safety in mind which leads to a happier consimer. the last thing that i would like to bring to attention and why i think driverless are cars a pro rather than a con is the entertainment fatcor. people believe that if youre sitting in a car unable to drive that it becomes boring. not only are the car manufacturers keeping your safety in their best interest, entertainment as well. the psychological aspects of the atomation are really a challenge we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. thsi is what dr.werner huber, a bmw project manager had to say about the driverless cars. this means you have to interpret the driving different because it is new, so for the tiems that you are sitting there not driving keep that in mind. with that in mind ,car manufacturers are bringing in entertainment and information systems that use headsup display. in conclusion, i believe driverless cars is a good idea becasue of the following less pollution, they cut back on gas which means more money in your pocket, less pressure on new drivers, toop safety features, and better entertainment. driverless cars have a little ways to go before they are completely driverless but you always have to start somewhere adn i believe they couldnt have done better. and i truly hope that driverless cars is something we have in the near future and with all of this beign said i hope you consider looking into driverless cars and see the overall positive effects they have.