i do not believe that the masked face was made by aliens. i believe that in a varety of reasons. first, if aliens built the face then nasa would have found where the living area was and they absoulutely did not see any people on mars. unfortunetly they did not find living organims living on mars. wind is always blowing on mars so that doesnt mean that aliens made it. according to the text is states that there are multiple landforms on earth just like the one on mars. they when nasa took a picturee that was three times bigger they saw that there were objects that looked like airplanes on the ground or egytptian  style pyramids or even small shacks. the article states that landforms ae common around the american west. garvin states that it reminds him most of the middle butte i the snake river plain of idaho. thats a lava dome that tkaes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. then many peope around the world were waiting to see the face on mars on tv, but when they saw the picture nobody believed that the face was created by aliens. as it states in the article  as a rule of thunb, you can discern things in a digital image three times bigger than the pixel size. sometimes when you take a picture, the picture might add adjustments to the photo to make it look more realistic. there are many places aroudn the world that has matured over time due to landforms. the grand canyon, rivers, volcanoes, and high pieces of land that look like animals are all examples of things that cahnge over time due to the changing of the earth. people arent the only things that make mountains, rivers, and canals most features of the world come from landforms that change over long periods of time. in the article the face on mars changes in a couple of weeks adn that is due to the changing of mars. the turning of the planets is also another reason of how landforns change. when it is cold, the freezing tmperatures can cause things to ctack adn split open. during the hot weather, the hot temperatures can change things by heating up the land land until it eventually starts to sink. whe there was a lot of cloud cover on mars the first time they took pictures it was really difficult to seek out. i do not believe that aliens had biult the face on mars. eventually they will find the truth and when that day comes then there could be more information and new discoveries. until then there are more things to learn about mars.