we humans have made some fantastic things over the years, but driver less cars was a bad idea because things maulfunction, theres no one to blame in case of accedent, and we will become dependent on them. to begin with, our technoligy has malfuntioned a few or more times, so how can we be so sure that driverless cars are a good idea? the main question is what will we do then? we should just stick with the old fashion way hands and wheels. machienery can be risky at times because there so unpredictable they can be working just fine then all the suden boom car crash, and some people cant afford insurance. how will the company pay for all the car crashes, they wont. another reason we should not put these death machiens on the market is because who are we going to blame for all the accedents and car crashes that are going to happen? so many problems are going to be faced when some one is trying to get money from a crash or some one is injerd. how will this be ruled out and can we trust our selfes and the next generation with this vehicle? agien these vehicles should not hit the market because they will hit people. in the article it states that the car is in autopilot  of the time what about the other ten percent of the time. although there are many things bad about this car there have been some good things about it the article states the car seat shakes when the passenger is in danger so thats good. some people think that the car is a gift from god and from really any stand point this car will change the world or the u.s.. last but not least, we should not have these cars because we will be dependent on them. these cars are going to be like phones first unreliable then they get better then they take over the world. a bunch of people will have their seats all the way back lounging not even caring at all. as we can see these will become a problem for the next generation mabey the car reck rate will go up maby it wont. people wont even have to see where there going just put directions in the gps and sleep. these machines should not be trusted. people who are making these stop! we dont need these we are fine the way we are. we dont always have to keep advansing in technolagy we dont need it.