the article i read was mainly talking about one of the planets near earth which is venus and mars but they were talking about the planet of venus. venus is a planet where humans could not live there because we could not support all the stuff they have there. in the article it talks about all the danger it has to that planet and why it really bad to live there and how we couldnt support the conditions. the author uses entertain to show us suspense about the planet venus. the author uses suspense to show us how dangerous venus is and how we could not live there. the author uses suspense to show us about how there is a place called venus which has really bad conditions to the point that you can easily die. in the article it shows how the author describe us the tearms in the planet venus. since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venuss in more than three decades. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging for humans to study, despite its proximity to us the author uses suspense to show us how dangerous it is to even touch venus. it also shows us that not even a spacecraft could survive there less than some few hours. the author also use suspense to entertain us about the planet of venus and to show us how of bad conditions they have in the planet of venus. in the text it shows how the author showed us about how bad it is and what are the terms in the the planet of venus. a thick atomosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planetss surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atomospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. the authour uses suspense to show how the planet of venus is really had bad terms to live there and how you would die easliy. it also shows that earth compare to venus shows how we couldnt support the conditions. the author uses suspense on both paragraph to show that the planet venus is really bad condition to live and how not even one spacecraft could land there without surviving. it also shows how the terms in venus is and how powerful it is compare to earth percent on carbon dioxide, degrees and atmospheric pressure. this relates to real world stuff by scientists trying to see if they could land there safely without any harm but as you see on the paragraphs its not possible because you can easliy die because of the terms there. the article shows how the author uses suspense on the article and shows the terms of conditions on planet of venus.