i am against the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions. students should have the right to feel safe and alone, and not being constantly being watched by a computer like an overprotective mom. this technology is also something that can not be  accurate seeing how we dont have the materials or it, and bad things could go wrong anytime. reading emotions is like trying to speak for a pet of yours, even though they cant speak, but you do it for them to make it more interesting for you, and it probably isnt even what your pet is thinking. students oh all ages are very clever, and they will not lose to a technology to read their emotions. why would they even need technology that reads their emotions and guess if they are confused or happy and sad. it is true that if the computer realize the student is confused, it can go to a website or teach the student, but that is why we have technology and teachers to help us when we need it. the student can just ask the teacher for help or search the internet on how to do it himherself and learn quicker, and understand more if the teacher is not clear enough. computer readings are not always  accurate, because nothing is perfect in this world, so things can go wrong. people evolve over time and think of new ways to solve problems or get through obstacles. students can just fake their facial features, and move the muscles according to how they are said to move, so the computer gets false facial readings and think the student is happy or sad. even if the technologty is useful to read emotions, they should be modified and used in prison or more important places, so they can read the emotions of the murderer or criminals, and make crime solving much quicker. students dont want an extra survailance on them, checking their emotions everytime they turn on their computer or laptops. it will make them uneasy and unable to even work in an enviroment where heshe is being constantly studied. the article also says there are  basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, and sadness. there are so much more emotions, and if the student uses that emotion that isnt on the list, how will the computer react? it will just make false assumptions and think the student is feeling great or depressed, when the student might be feeling sad or ambitious. it will make the student feel like a pet. many pet owners tend to speak for their pets, and this is an example of their conversation. hello saphie, would you like a treat? saphie impression yes, give me all the treats! ok saphie, here you go! mmmm, tasty! if that same method the owner uses on hisher pet gets used back on himher, it would feel very awkward. yes the technology may be a hit and be useful in some schools, but it will not always be accurate, and students should have a right to choose if they want it used on them or not. it should be used if they have a problem, and maybe the computer could help if nobidy else is around to help. so in conclusion, the technology is quite amazing, but not so much if you think of the flaws. students should have the right to choose if they want to use it or not, and only when things are needed, and nobodyis there to help. technology is not always pitch perfect accurate, so it will make mistakes and give false emotions the student is feeling, and make the student feel insecure, embarassed, or even mad. no, using a technology that reads emotional expresssions of students in a classroom is not valuable. it may be valuable in some schools, and you can let the students use if they want, but the technology will have more use if it is used in more important places where it is needed. such as a jail or a court, so they can read emotions whether the main subject is guilty or innocent, and see if they are hiding something or not. again, it may be false, but if the inventors of this technology find every possible mistakes and cracks, then they can make life better and catch bad guys and prevent criminals from escaping the court.