the new techonology tht is called facial action coding system is beinng use to identify human emotions. if this were to be used in a classroom some kids might not want to be scanned and have there emotions known. so i honestly think that this machine or new piece of techonology should not be used in classrooms and heres why. to start it off i can already tell that some kids will not want there emotions to be known. thats something that the kid is able to keep a secret. if the kids doesnt want there emotions to be known then he or she has the right to not let them be known. now in paragraph  a quote from dr. huang a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. now although it is true that some kids may need help for the work that there doing. they may not understand it and thats where the computer comes in. but the teacher cant just scan the kids face and have the computer do all the work. the teacher has to also know when a kid is having troube with the material. obviously its almost impossible to know how every student is doing but if you see a kid getting bad grades on the material then the teacher should help the student out. that goes back to if the student actually wants to be scanned to identify his or her emotions. a quote from dr. huang  the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individuals often show carying degrees of expression. thats is also another thing that i want to talk about. the teacher really has to care for his or her students. its the teachers job to make sure that a kid is doing good in school. i do understand that there are some kids that just dont even try. those kids are difficult to make them succeed. but for the other students the teacher has to know if he or she is having a bad day. you could ask whats wrong and if the student doesnt want to tell you then they dont have to. but the teachers have to make sure that the student knows that the teacher is there to help. now although some kids hide there expressions really well i guess thats when you would want the maching to scan there face. but as i keep saying only if they want to. the teacher might have a problem on knowing how a kid feels and knowing there emotion. but if the student doesnt want there emotion to be known thats what the kid wants. in many ways we dont need a maching to help with human proteries. thats why humans talk to humans anout there emotions not humans talk to machines. i hope that this new techonology is going towards high schools. in this day and age so many high schcoolers are going through alot. it doent take a rocket scientist to know how a student feels when its finals week. there are situations where the teacher doesnt need to know how a student is feeling. the only time where a student needs to be scanned is when that student is having trouble on a material and if the student actually wants to be scanned by the facial acton coding system. i want to talk about this quote from paragraph  from dr. huang then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the fact that a computer needs to explain the work to a student is just wrong and dumb. that is why a teacher is in the classroom. thats why the teacher went to college to get her degree and work with students. we all know that there are bad teachers in this world. the teachers where all they do is give you a packet and ask for it finished tomorrow. the teachers where they do a horible job at explaining the material. then and only then will i be good with having the facial action coding system scan the kids faces. thats is when the computer will help out the students and teach them the material that the teacher cant do. that is the only time i think that is okay to use. so there are my thoughts on why this should not be able to scan the kids faces when in a classroom. i honestly feel that the kid has the right if they want to be scanned even if the kid is having trouble in the class and if the kids emotions are easy to be seen thats is when a teacher comes and helps.so no this should not be in classrooms. but i do think that it could be used in other better ways. like in a police forece where they scan the person who did the crime to get information. but not in a classroom.