i belive it would be a great idea to use technology to read the expressions of students in our classrooms because it would give us a more in depth look at how our youth is interacting with the academic curriculum, although it would need to have more testing done to make sure the results are accurate. using this technology would open so many new doors for teachers everywhere, it would make their lives easier and could potentially help them get the children more into learning. first off, reading emotional expressions with the use of technology would help save our time. the text states in paragraph , for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this would cause companys to make more money and waste less of your time when you are browsing the internet. the text then goes onto state in paragraph , to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. by this possible technology to be able to tell us this it would let us know who we should trust and who we shouldnt. secondly, this technology would help schools out so that they could see what the students are enjoying and what is boring them to death and then they could change their curriculum based on that. the text states in paragraph ,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts.  then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.  if this were to be the case, i am sure that the number of students who either drop out or decide not to go to college because school is boring would definetly go down. the text then goes onto state in paragraph , most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. this statement reminds us of how teachers cant always tell if what theyre teaching is actually help students or if it is just going in one ear and out the other. people who tend to be against this kind of technology usually will just say that they dont want these robots to take over the world and become against the human race but they actually wont have to worry about that at all because in paragraph  the text states, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. so for anyone who has that kind of point of view, they should have nothing to be worried about because this is such advanced technology that it will be a good while until it becomes a common thing. lastly, i believe that this technology could very much benefit our society in a lot of different aspects including our own personal lives, how we spend our time, and the way that we teach and learn. although it still needs testing done and to become easier to access so that we can learn more about how we can properly use this technology to read our emotional expressions, without abusing its ability.