driveless cars shouldnt be allowed to be on the road. i dont think its a good idea because drivers will not remain fully focused on the road, drivers will get bored waiting for their turns to drive, and if these cars were to create an accident it would be a who to blame case. starting off by sayin drvers will not remain fully focused on the road should be enough of a red flag to make it a no. in paragraph , it may state  the human driver must remain alret and be ready to take over when the situation requires but, if a car is doing all the driving, its giving the driver time to get distracted. they are now given easier access to text and drive, make phone calls, and attempt other tasks they have no business doing while driving. making being on the road a dangerous place. secondly, like the question asked in paragraph , wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? boredom to me leads to messing with other objects around me and losing focus. thats what will happen. later to say, we have to interpret the driving in a fun way. driving is not supposed to be fun. youre supposed to get in and take yourself from point a to point b. the passage also talks a sort of bringing in an incar entertainment system. just another distraction in my opinion, once again, making the road a dangerous place! lastly, and most importantly, if an accident would to come of these cars driving the road, who would be the one to blame? the question is aslo found in paragraph . the drivers would become so dependent of the car and trust it not to get them into an accident. while the manufactures are dependent on the law to pass a law so they dont get taken down with the lawsuit of an accident their cars are responsible for. they do not want to help you, they want your money. closing this with a stong statement you cannot expect a driver to have such this nice of a creation in their possession and not fully confide in it. theyre going to get distracted because theyre allowed to now that something else is doing the driving. theyre going to get bored, because now, they are hardly needed. these drivers would expect the manufacturers to take care of any problem created with the car, because of the fact that the car was the one doing the driving.