we all live in a world where everything in this day is advancing. things such as phones, phones are begining to be able to do more things such as read your puls. even cars are starting to be advnced, and no i dont just mean better gas miles but being able to drive themselves. here are my thoughts. i think driverless cars could become a very good thing if it is done right. in this day and age driving under the influence is a very big thing that needs to be stopped. i if we cant get people to not drive while under the influence some thing that could potentialy help is a driverless car. if the car could help get them home safe then it would also be a great idea. i think it would benefite everyone really. there are soo many reasons why driverless cars would be the next big thing, i just named off one. i think other things it could also help is the economy, the cars could potentialy have better gas mileage or even better run off of solar power. there are just soo many great things that could happen from this. speeding would also be another thing. many people get pulled over or even hurt from constant speeding and driverless cars could help that by going on the posted speed limit while aving the person in the driver seat atching the road for hasards. although there are great potential things that can come from driverless cars there are also cons, such as insurance and reliability. insurance could be over the roof expencive just because it is a self driving car and you never know what could happen or if anything goes wrong. i also think the prices of the cars could be pretty expencive so not many people would be able to afford it. self driven cars is a great idea in my opinion but the car companies will also have to be aware that if anything goes wrong the could be held responsable for it. i know there will be a huge debate on who would be to blame if there was a major accident weather it is the drivers fault or the cars fault so then that could just be another big waist of money in my opinion because if it is a driverless car then then the company should be responsable because it is the car driving. so to conclude, in my opinion driverless cars could be a great thing but just like any other thing it has its its pros and its cons.