have you ever felt bored learing off a computer? having the computer adapt to facial expressions would get the kids excited to learn, give the teachers a break, and increase learning rates tramendously. having facs in schools would increase how quickly kids learn and how the obtain it. first off having facs in schools would get the kids excited to learn. the computer would adapt to their likes and dislikes so they would always be pleasing them. how would it know if they are really bored or confused is a common question, in paragraph  the text states the computer contructs a d model of the face all  major muscles im the model must move like human muscles this all meaning that the computer can tell with  accuracy what you are feeling. secondly it is difficult for teachers to please each kid individualy and work with each child  on  and with this technological advancment it will give teachers a break and require them to give minimal assistance to the kids. in this day and age technology is becoming a bigger and bigger part of our everyday soceity and less and less people are wanting to become teachers, so having a computer do the job for them and do it just as good is remarkable. the author wrote in paragraph  imagine a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this quote from the article showing that they would do the teachers job and be able to adapt and please each student individualy. lastly having this technology in every school would increase learning rates greatly because it would work in a way to help and assure learning for each child individualy. the problem with teaching today is some kids dont learn as fast as other and the teacher doesnt slow down to make sure they know what they are doing, but with the facs program it will allow kids to go at their own success rate and insure they are really learning. and with all this the kids will learn quicker as a hole because they are the computers only concern. all in all the facs program should be in every school because it would get the kids excited to learn, give the teachers a break, and increase learning rates tramendously. so lets give it a shot.