i think that emotion calculating technology in a classroom could be very valuable. this technology could help teachers to keep students interested. this could also help to teach students in a way that they enjoy and understand. an advanced technology like this could also help teachers and counselors to know when a student is feeling sad or depressed so that they can possibly help the student. this technology would be very valuable in any classroom, it could be the innovation that every classroom needs. the facs facial acting coding system works by looking at the  major facial muscles. every different facial muscle movement means something different, and this is what the facs looks at to give a reading of the different emotions that the person is feeling. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. the facs machine was invented by dr. huang of the beckman institute for advanced science. dr. huang relies on human psychologists like dr. paul eckman to help decifer the expressions that facial muscles give. dr. huang used this technology on mona lisa. the readings said that mona lisa is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. using this technology on mona lisa is a prime example of how this technology can accurately measure a persons emotions. this technology could be useful in a classroom in many ways. one way it would be useful, it could measure a students emotions to find out when a student is bored of a subject. this would be useful because if teachers know when a student is bored they could help to make the subject more interesting. making subjects more interesting in return would raise students grades and happiness in school. this technology could also help counselors. this technology could help counselors by showing themwhen a student is sad or depressed so that they can help the student and also try to fix the problem causing those emotions. facial expression reading technology would help classrooms in many ways. this technology could potentially raise students grades and even help to make students happier. this technology could also make students happier and help then to stay interested and having fun while learning. this advanced technology would be very beneficial to a classroom, it could even change the world of education all together.