in the article  making mona lisa smile,  the author describes how a new technology called facail action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. i believe the facail action coding system can greatly help a classroom. this type of technology can really improve the students education. it can also help the teacher in some certain ways. this technology could also change our future in teaching. first, this facail action coding system can greatly help a students education by knowing their emotions. as the article said, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this is helpful, becasue the teacher now knows what student is confused or bored. by the teacher knowing, he or she would be able to asist the student. this would benefit the student. second of all, the facail action coding system can really benefit a teacher. it can benefit a teacher, becasue the teacher would be able to know who is bored or confused. for example, if the teacher knows that most of the class is bored. then the teacher can modify the lesson, to make it more effective. this is why i think it can greatly help the teacher. finally, i really believe this kind of technology can change the way the schools teach. if people start puting facail action codying systems in schools, and they see improvment in grades for students. it will spark other ideas for these types of technogy. like what the article siad for the facail action coding system,then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this is how schools could change in the future and help the students education improve by a lot. i really believe that the facail action coding system can greatly help the students. this could also be helpful for students who are to shy to rasie their hand when they are confused. thats why i believe that the facail action coding system can really help students. what do you think? do you think the facail action coding system is valuable in a classroom?