my trip as a seagoing cowboy was exciting, tough, and unbelievable. my trip wasnt hard or demanding as it may sound. i actually had a very good time. i never thought i would go to a different country but it happend an im glad i went. my trip was very exciting, may not sound very exciting but it was. as a seagoing cowboy i got to take care of the animals on the ship. you may wonder why would there be animlas on a ship, that is because it was , world war ii was over in europe, and many countries were left in ruins. to help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined together to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration. when we weret watchig over the animals we got to play different kinds of sports like volleyball, tennis, and baseball. my trip was also very exciting because we got to see different places we have never seen before. my trip was unbelievable because i got to see places ive never seen before. one of the places i got to go see was the acropolis. ive never got to see the acropolis before but now i have seen it in person. another unbelivable thing i got to do was ride the gondola ride to venice, italy, an city streets with water. the last thing i got to do was vist the excavated castle in crete, and marveled at the panama canal on my way to china. the reason my trip was tough was because i got to be a gaurd all night. i chose to be a night they didnt chose me i chose them. the job wasnt so bad, it was tough because i had to make sure the animals were feed three times a day. i also had to watch and make sure that nthing was strange and i had to make sure there wast any invaiders. i also had the job of making sure to tell the captian the weather reports. not really a hard job, if you like having all the pressure on you its a good job for you. the big thing was that if you got your jobs done, you bacisally get free time like to play sports for just hangout with your friends. i think most people would love to be a seagoing cowboy. i dont judt say that but i trually think that most people would love it. if you like feeling like you rule the ship or you own the ship then this would be a great job for you.