a life without cars sure sounds like a great idea for saving up less pollution and have less traffic jams, right? well, thats a true fact, facing the reality that over the past few years weve had times and times again where weve polluted our own air over the repetetive over use of cars, specially because nowadays theres way more cars being sold from car dealerships like ford, mercedes, chevrolette, and etc. on the contrary, theres now been a few areas and cities in a few countries where theres been a shortage of using cars or none used at all. a life without cars can indeed help out so much more in many various occasions and issues like pollution, smog, and traffic. carfree cities are the best ways to improve in somewhat of a way for easier transportation and reduced air pollution. for example, as said from source , in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, on the first paragraph, vauban, germanyresidents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before they have given up on cars. explains how this residence from the few in germany have made it possible to be carfree. to add more, the author, rosenthal, from this passage also explains that vauban contains , residents making it the most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life, in lines , pargraph . the main idea of this is that its best to keeps cities, or even better whole countries carfree or low ratings of cars being used to help stop such as pollution and traffic jams. just like vauban, germany is carfree some other countries do their best as well to keep their cities and border safe from the damages and difficulties cars cause. as an example of this, source , paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer, explains in paragraph , after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. as this clearly states, paris has as well moved towards a much closer carfree city itself. reason for this partial driving ban is because of smog caused by the pollution of cars, this explained on paragraph  on source  as the author, duffer, says, paris typically has more smog than other european capitals... last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. in comparison, soruce , carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky, explains how bogota, colombia in has a carfree day for devoiding traffic jams. as a few perks that were gained from this carfree day, in pargraph , said are parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.