using this new facial technology would be vastly benefital in the classroom. students sit through seven hours of school a day and not every class is going to be their favorite, with this technology the school can figure out what lessons, classes, and teachers are making students the happiest and are the best. many emotions go undetected, they cause bad grades, lack of motivation, and depression. not only can the program detect emotions but can alert the teachers if a student needs help. it can prevent self harm, school targeties, and safety hazards. the system would not only help education wise but mental health wise, and create a safe environment to learn and grow as people. everyone has a different learning style, and if a teacher can see that that student is struggling and adjust the lesson for them, it would be very benefital for eveyone. dr. huang says, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. many teachers ask thier students to ask questions as they are learning new content, but no questions are ever asked and bad tests scores come back. this could of all been avoided if the program could have seen the bored expression on a students face and a teacher could have changed it to prevent him from falling asleep. or the confused look on a girls face, so the teacher could have come to help her instead of her asking for help from a friend who misinformed her. the computer program can take all the error out of emotion calculation, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, ect.. we would become far more accurate as a whole group, eveyone learning in school could become more inteligent, and we would become happier people. if the computer could detect a worried or sad emotion, the people around them could resolve the issue much faster and prevent anything bad from happrning. our society as a whole would be far more advanced and left off better if we integrate this new advancemnt into our everyday lives. school could be turned into a place every student wants to go, and the success rate could also be increasing, with the new lessons and teaching styles being integrated for students. the computer program would make schools a more efficient productive place.