prof. thomas huang, prof. nicu sabe, and dr. paul eckman have come up with a techonlogy that can know exaclty what and how many emotions a person has right now. this technology is called the facial action coding system, or facs. students would benefit from this technology because the facs would know if they were bored or confused, modify the lesson like a real teacher, and help the student understand the lesson better and earn a good grade as a result. the facs would know if the student was bored or confused because it constructs a detailed d image of the face with all  major muscles. it then compares the image to the image of a neutral face with no emotion and looks at certain muscles. the computer looks at the zygomatic major, for example, to see if you are smiling genuinally becasue the corners of your mouth would be pulled back. it would also look for your frontalis pars lateralis to tell if you are suprised by something because your eyebrows would be raised. the facs would also be able to measure exactly how many emotions you have because the technology weighs different units. if a student was bored or confused the facs would be able to modify the lesson therefore, helping the student understand the lesson more. the computer now would not know if the student was having trouble becasue it can not see what the students face look like. but with the help of the facs, the computer knows what the student is feeliing and can change what the lesson is about to help the student. just like a real teacher, the facs would know what the student was thinking and be able to change how the lesson was worded to hopefully help the student understand what it was saying. the faical action coding system would be able to modify the lesson just like an experienced and effective teacher would. with the facial action coding system modifying the lesson, the student would earn a better grade as a result than if the lesson was not modified. the student would most likely do better on both the homework and the test because the lesson was reworded in a much more impactful way than it was originally. if the student does better on the homework and test, then the overall grade would increase, as well as the percentage of passing grades for the class. the facs would modify the lesson thereby increasing the amount of passing students and helping the school earn a better grade from the department of education. the facs would be able to see if a student was confused or bored, and if he or she is bored or confused, modify the lesson accordingly therefore, increasing the overall grade the student received. the facial action coding system would be able to help the student if he or she was confused by rewording the lesson iin the way the student would understand better. the facs would be a great addition to a classroom because it would help the students understand what the lesson was saying.