people have been adcancing everywhere, and mostly in technology. were now able to produce self driven cars. in just a few years were going to be able to distrubute them world wide. this will help cause less accidents, less polution, but it will cost a lot. with self driven cars we will have a great decline in car accidents. moat cars accdients are caused beause people are distracted by something or someone wasnt paying attention around them. the self driven cars have motion sensors, gps reciever, and a video camerea to make sure that it drives smoothly and without any accidents. the author says the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof., and this gives the car a d model of its surrounding. so with a couple years of more advancements to the systems of the car there wont be any way that it can crash. the author states that the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis which would help with the polution we have today. millions of cars are being used today releasing gases into the atmosphere hurting it. if we could cut the amount of gas used down by half it would slow down global warming, and thats what this driveless car is offering. more flexible than a bus and half the gas a taxi uses is what the driveless car is bringing, and thats what we need. this would help the enviroment a lot with less polution being poured out of automobiles. but one problem that comes with this amazing car is the amountof money it will cost to make one. cars are already expensive and if we add all these systems to it, it wil make it cost even more. money is already a problem right now with many people in debt from student loans and house payments being sky high. but if people in the government think about it theyll be saving more money because they wont being having to buying as much gas and wont have to pay as much for accidents caused by cars. so having to pay more for cars isnt as big as it seems. money is an issue but half the gas and less accidents outweighs making it a good idea to produce these types of cars. we will recieve more good things from these than bad ones. less polution that will slow down global warming and lower the cost that the government is paying for gas, less accidents so people wont be paying as much for insurance, and it will make more jobs for people because we are going to have a high demand for them. so we should start making these cars as soon as possible to help ourselves and others.