cars these day have become way more gas efficent and eco friendly. cars are still evolving though, now cars can drive thereself you can not buy them yet though because they are not fully ready to go. i believe that driverless cars are un safe do to the fact that the driver would probably not become as focus as they should be, and feel that they really dont have to do anything. the article states that the cars are not completely driverless because dont understand how to get around traffic constructions and accidents. this forces the driver to still be alert. therefore the car is not really driverless and if the driver feels like the car is driving its self and they are not being defensive, it could cause them to get in recks. the new technology that the world is coming up with may not be safe and thats why the world doesnt know about alot of the new technology that we already have. thats why these car are still in testing. how can you call a car driverless if it still needs someone steering. these cars cant reverse themselfs out of driveways. they do have some cool ideas on how to keep a driver alert. bmw decided to make one of the driverless cars. they say it can only steer, accelerate, and brake themself. gmgeneral motors put vibrating seats in the car to alert the driver when they are getting to close to something. even though they havent fully accomplished a driverless car they have made big improvements since  when the project first began. many states have banned the driverless cars because they feel that its not very safe for a car to be driving its self. these states consist of califonia, nevada, florida, and the disrict of columbia. tesla has a projected  release for a car that can be on autopilot  of the time. also mercedesbenz, audi , and nissan plan on having driverless cars by . this new technology is going to cost more then the technology we already have, do to the fact that it has higher value. just for these cars to work they needed lots of sensors. googles modifed toyota prius uses position estimated sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof , and a video camera located by the rear view mirror , and it also has  automotive radar sensors, and a gps receiver, ,andd a inertial motion sensor. the most important part of this new technology on this car is the camera that consistently uses laser beams to form a d model of the cars surrounding. these cars have a lot newer technology then youre normal car you see on the street. the more new technology they use the more the price will go up. in conclusion these cars will be more expensive then the older cars and all the cars that are out now. the more technology they put on it the more expensive it will get. if every state decideds to band them then they may never come out. there is alot with holding in our future we never know when one of these  driverless cars could come out and be fully operational. time will tell though.