the topic of driveless cars is very controversial. some people say that driveless cars will be hazard to society, and will only endanger more people all over the world so they should not be manufactured. conversly, others believe they are a necessity and will be a great advance in technology for the future. i gravitate towards the former opnion of driveless cars becoming chaotic and troublesome, and they should not be developed. driveless cars should not be invented because humans will be too distracted to handle them, the health and safety of pedestrians would be threatened, and the cars are not completely driveless. in todays current society, people are engrossed in social media and digital communication. we are addicted to looking at twitter, facebook, and instagram, and texting our friends and family that it has infected our daily lives. it has even contiminated our driving. people find their phones irresitable, and they can not even manage to restrain themselves from swiping up their phones to look at the newest message while driving. this leads to casaulties and injuries that are the result of the driver not having the ability to stay focused. if driveless cars are developed, people will have less of a reason to pay attention to the road. once the car actually needs human help, the driver will be too invested in their phones that they wont respond, possibly leaving themselves or others brutally maimed or killed. my opponents say that the flashing lights that will be installed in these vehicles will be enough to keep drivers monitoring the road. however, i feel that this attempt of a precautionary measures will not be enough. with the drivers eyes fixated on the fluorescent screen and their bodies immobilized as they are fully immeresed into their phones, they will be blind to the flashing lights. due to our cellular distractions, we will be unable to put our full attention into watching the road, and proving driveless cars should not be invented. everyday you hear about a car accident. someone was looking at their phone, they ran a stoplight, or whatever the case may be. now imagine driveless cars. the rate of car accidents will not be reduced but will actually increase because of these new vehicles. the driver may not pay attention, and when the car needs the human to take control, they wont react in time and will collide with another vehcile. there could also be technical difficulties with the car where it doesnt alert the driver when it needs to causing another incident of vehicular chaos. the article even states that they are laws banning the mere testing of computerdriven cars. there are endless possibilites as to what could happen, but this is enough to show that driveless cars will only threaten the lives of pedestrians even more than current cars. the main interest in driveless cars is that they are supposed to be driveless. however this is false. the car still needs a human to pay attention to the road when the car needs assistance. the name is a fallacy and the current details about it prove it is useless. why replace our current cars that work just fine with computerized cars that could have all kinds of issues. they are just a dangerous and expensive waste. driveless cars are a very interesting topic. however the shouldnt be made because humans will be too distracted to handle them, the health and safety of pedestrians would be threatened, and the cars are not completely driveless. eventually they could be made when people are more responsible, and the technology is more reliable and safe, but as of now they should stay off the roads and in our imaginations.