the author suggests that studying venus is worth trying to study despite the dangers it presents. venus is a planet close to earth that is still wanted to be studied because imformation is yet to be discovered. venus damages the technology that is sent there but still has vaulable imformation and is believed that we have the technology to keep the monitors there longer. studying venus is still worth the damages it provides to the technology being sent there. venus was believed to once be alike to earth and there is proof on venus for us to find. in the article it states, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. scientists say that there was once life on venus as there was on earth and that there are still vaulable imformation for us to find. also in the article it states, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported varius forms of life... for us to find out how venus had forms of life, technology should be launced so that we are able to provide evidence on how venus provided life. venus still has some features alike to earth. the article states, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the surface of venus is said to be alike earth despite the dangers venus has. also in text,... venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. venus is wanted to be visited so that scientist have more knowlege on how the conditions is like. the past two paragraph are about why venus should be visited despite the dangers. but yet to be said how the technology can survive venus. the pressure is about  times more than what humans experience on earth, so how will our technology survive? the article states, ...some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. scientist have been preparing and trying to improve the technology so it is able to handle the conditions. also in the text,... looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers...the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. old technology from the s and s are stronger than the newer technology because newer technology tend to be more delicate when in extreme conditions. studying venus is still worth the damages it provides to technology being sent there. scientist working on stronger technology may help us discover more on venus. so, the author supports that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers that is done. the travels beyond earth should not be limited by dangers that is thrown to human technology.