how do you see life with driverless cars? safe or unsafe? in my opinion i chose unsafe. i am against driverless cars for these reasons. in paragraph , lawmakers even say that safety is best achieved with alert drivers, in some states it is even already illegal just to test drive computer driven cars, and last whos really at fault in an accident? how do we judge whos at fault if no ones really driving and could people use these cars as an exuse to drink and drive sinse there not really driving? there are many questions and reasons i have against driveless cars. in paragraph  of the article, driveless cars are coming, it states, lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. we as americans should trust in the people who propose all of our laws especially to keep us safe. why wouldnt you trust someone who sets the boundaries of your life? if they say regular cars will be safer shouldnt we all strive to keep our country and the people in it and surrounding us safe? in some states it is already illegal to even just test drive computer driven cars. if it is illegal to test drive them, that just shows how dangerous they really must be. also if they are illegal in some states would they have to continue to drive regular cars while the other staes drove driveless cars? i think that would be more dangerous to mix the two types of cars on the roads. i could see even more accidents happening because of that. last, this is probally something about everyone could agree with, whos fault would accidents be? police and other people would have to put in alot more effort into deciding whos fault the accident would be and sometimes they probally could be more likely to be false. if no ones driving the car then that means the manufacturers could always be at fault. could you really rely your life on a car? i dont think i could. and even if you chose to not drive a driveless car, some people might still be in fear because they will still be driving on the same roads as them. these our my reasons for being against driveless cars. some people will disagree but i strongly do believe the roads will be safer as we continue to drive with regular self driven vehicles. again with lawmakers knowing that safety is best achieved with alert drivers, in some states it is already illegal to even test drive them, and whos fault it would be in the accident, we will all be safer with self driven cars.