emotions are something that every person in the world feels everyday. except some people here and there who actually are incapable of feeling emotions! a person can feel many emotions at once or just one very specific emotion because humans are emotional people, especially students. school can be stressful to many people and thats okay, but certain technology may not solve that problem. the use of the facial action coding system in the classroom is not valuable because, students can become distracted, the technology may scan the wrong emotions, and it is an invasion of privacy. student can become distracted in the classrooom by the facial action coding system. students can begin to make silly faces in the camera or try to display different emotions to see what happens to the lesson they are doing. the article states that, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the student may take advantage of the software to get a modified lesson that may be easier than what they are capable of. while there are student that would not take advantage of the opportunity to have such technology in the classrom, there are always the rebel students that will take advantage. if a student is not getting the work that they are capable of doing their learning will come to a hault and they will not get the benifits they should, compared to a human intructor. human instructors can possibly be a better tool to use rather than the facs. the facial action coding system may pick up the wrong emotions generating a more simple lesson. like previosly stated, people can feel many emotions at once for many different reasons. the article states, eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadnessand then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. the system may pick up emotions, but it was never said that it will be able to tell why you are feeling these emotions. a student maybe have other things running through their mind that may not have anything to do with the work they are completing. the system can pick up an emotion and modify the lesson. it would be a mere mistake but the mistake will obstruct the learning capabilities of the student. the facs may be an invasion of privacy to some people. the system would be constaly reading your facial expression, which students may be uncomforable with. there are many shy and quiet people because not everybody is very social and likes to be on camera. the article states, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. a system that always watching you? the facial action coding system sounds like something students can be uncomfortable with, considering that people tend to more private. not every astudent will be so excited to hop right on the facs train because they may see having a computer watching you as an invasion of their personal life. the facial action coding system may be helpful elsewhere, but it may not be something wonderful to have in the classroom. technology seems to be flourishing throughout the years. the facs doesnt seem valuable to have in the classroom. students can be distracted, the system may not fuction properly, and it is an invasion of privacy. yes, technology may be great and all, but some things are better off held in the hands of humans.