the idea of driverless cars is astounding. the thought of people no longer needing to buy cars is wonderful. it would cut down on pollution and deathsinjuries caused by automobile accidents. the use of autonomous cars will decrease the amount of pollution in the atmosphere. the amount of pollution will be cut down by simply cutting down the amount of cars. one proposal for this is using autonomous cars a type of taxi system. the text states,  google cofounder segey brin can. he envisions a future with a public transport system where fleets of autonomous cars form a publictransport taxi system. this shows that some of the worlds leading investors are looking at making public transport of only driverless cars possible. another way it would cut down on pollution would be the amount of fuel consumption. driverless cars are predicted to need half as much fuel as conventional cars. the text illustrates, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus. this means that driverless cars, when used in a taxilike situation, would be more fuel efficient and more practical than todays public transport system. another way autonomous cars would be beneficial is the safety they provide. computers are more alert than humans and are always doing their job. this would mean that the nbumbe rof deaths and injuries because of car accidents would decrease. the text states, in  bmw announced the developement of traffic jam assistant. the car can handle driving funtions at speeds of up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure that the driver keeps hold of the wheel. this shows that even though the car is doing majority of the driving, such as controlling speed and direction, the driver must remain alert while in the car in case of emergencies. another way that autonomous cars make driving safer is onboard alerts. the car watches the road for hazards and if it finds one, alerts the driver. the text illustrates, while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. this shows htat even though the driver may be focused on the road the car is focused on making sure the driver is driving safely. both of these advances will greatly change the way we drive. they will also help our everyday lives and make life more enjoyable.