i believe that through the great cost of fully developing fully autonomous vehicles it would be much worth it for the ease of access, lower fuel emmsion, and tecnilogical advancements. can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore? oh, what the world would be like if you could have a ride at you door in under a minute. that, someday, will be possible beautifully simple. its just another thing off of your huge list of costly neccesities. while we are far away from a system of vehicles on the road for public use, its getting much closer, and it will allow for more of your money to be saved for other expenses. also, as the text explains in section two, it has proven to already be on, or above the current level of safety if it were a human driving the car. many will argue for or against global warming being caused by humans. while i personally belive that we humans increase the rate of warming with all of our used resources, that is totally aside the point. heres something most of us can agree on gas prices. while the oil industry is currently doing well, we can all agree that theres no reason we couldnt use less, and save some money at the same time. plans for autonomous vehicles give attention to the efficiency of the engine, and transportsation. as interviewed in driverless cars are coming sergey brin, cofounder of google, says, ...such cars would fundemantally change the world. the technilogical advancements made by developing itelligent, extremely safe, and more efficient cars, only make everything better. the sensors used in such cars have always been very expensive to produce, but with research, and some development, they will become much more advanced, and affordable. as shown in section five of the text, within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. theyve already come a long way, and it wont be much longer until they are capable of much more. this technology doesnt stop at cars. it can be used for geological mapping, underground exploration, and it can even be applied to military forces. i firmly believe that despite the cost of developing fully autonomous veheicles, the world would greatly benefit from the ease of access, lower fuel emmissions, and the technological advancements that would come from such studies.