did you know that mars was created naturaly as a natural landform? does mars have a simular landform as earth? if aliens has created mars, where are they now? the passage unmasking the face on mars has the answers to all of those. i believe that mars was created as natural landform just like earth. it has simular landforms as earth. mars has a dry sandy desert like climate simular to earth. except earth has alot of different types of climates. if aliens has made mars why did they make it simular to earths desert climate? if aliens did make the climate for mars it propbably would have been way different than a desert climate. earth was made naturally and has naturally made several climates. the desert climate is one. aliens could not have possibly made mars because if they did where did they go? why did they leave? they probably would have stayed and lived on mars if they had created it. mars desert climate has very simular landforms as earths desert climate. garvin from the passage unmasking the face on mars has said it reminds me most of middle butte in snake river plain of idaho. that was from the th paragraph. garvin has said this while he was looking at the pictures of the landforms. in paragraph  of the passage unmasking the face on mars says  what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. thats another example the mars climate has simular landforms as earths desert climate. scientist have said that earth was like venus at first and then came together and formed on what it is like now naturally. aliens could have not possibly built mars. mars was probably created simular to how earth was created. scientists have even said that along time ago on mars there use to be water there because they have found spots on mars simular to earth that rivers run are running on. now it looks dried up and something has happen to mars to where it turned dry and desert like. earth was the same way along time ago before humans existed. it was a hot fire lava vocanic type of climate until earth has changed and made several climates and water. earth was made naturally and by comparing how earth was made and the simular features it has that mars has i believe that mars was created naturally like earth. if aliens did create mars for the simular features that earth has why did they choose that climate?