the author suggests that studying venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the story of the challenge of exploring venus, gives us alot of reasons its worth despite the danger it presents. such as not easy conditions, but survivable for humans,paragraph  but it also gives us bad reason. such as, venus has the hottest surface temperture of any plant in our solar systemparagraph . this story could go good or bad for you. in paragraph , it gives us at least  good reasons its worthy to study venus despite its dangers. one od the reason is  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valley, mountains, and craters. paragraph . this is stateing that if venus has earthlike things it is worth the risk. it never knows if there is human life. another example is, if our sister plant is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? this is pointing the fact, that if it was actually dangers why are scientists discussing further visits. in paragraph , it claims that its not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. a person is able to live in venus, but theyll take a risk. in the story it tells us that,it has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere.paragraph  another reason a person should study venus is, itll be fun to expolre it. in the story the author claims  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges od imagination and innovation.paragraph  this is stateing the fact that just because it might be dangers, we shouldnt let us stop from exploreing it. venus is just around the corner. it gives us reasons on why we should go. such as,  venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brighest points of the light in the night sky.parargraph  this reminds me of my childhood, how ill look at the stars with my parents and therell always be a bright star. in fact, the author of the story gives us both reasons. both reasons why we should believe, its wroth the risk of studying venus despite the dangers it presents. this is a story were you dont have to feel against or for it.