driverless cars should not be allowed in todays day and age because they are a safety hazard to not only the driver, but also to passengers and pedestrians. they are too much of an invitation to look at a cell phone or to get distracted by something else, such as a child in the back seat. they can cause wrecks and fatalities to skyrocket. driving a vehicle is something that should be monitored at all times. when operating a vehicle, you must always be alert for not onlt your safety, but everyone elses. the media has long been fascinated with vehicles that can drive themselves, but have they thougth out the idea entirely? since , google has made cars that can drive independently under certain conditions. however, these cars are not totally driverless. they alert the driver when pulling in and out of driveways, driving through construction, traffic issues, and accidents. this can lead to distraction and not knowing what is going on around you. adding to this, it can cause a leap in accidents and fatalities caused by these death machines. in , bmw announced their development of traffic jam assisstant. this is a vehicle that can drive on its own at speeds of up to  mph but has touch sensors to make sure the driver has his or her hands on the wheel. this shows that this car is only good for certain residential areas, and not highways or interstates where speed limits can reach up to  mph. also, a driver can fall asleep at the wheel and not even realize it when its time to be alert. this can cause major accidents in which legal battles can occur against manufacturers and individuals. adding to issues above, some manufacturers hope to bring incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. these diplays can be turned off when the driver takes the wheel, but this also allows drivers to get distracted and television instead of driving. driving laws today are focused on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, which is only achieved by alert and cautious drivers. traffic laws today are written in the way that the only truly safe car is with an alert driver at all times. if this new technology were to fail, who would be at fault the driver or the manufacturer? automakers today are under the assumption that current issues with these cars will be solved sometime in the near years. the only  safe car is one with an alert driver at all times. this is not only for the drivers safety, but for everyones. if there are enough car accidents today, why would we want to risk more lives for this new technology?