almost every single citizen in the united states of america has experienced riding in a car. and for most people, they have to have a car in order to make a living. this comes with many conciquences as well. for one, car accidents happen everywhere leading to major car insurance payments, injuries, and even death. another downfall of having cars is all the traffic and pollution they cause to the enviornment. what if there was a society in which cars are banned? the only way of transportation is biking, walking, skateboarding, etc. that would be a lot heathier wouldnt it? well in the city of vauban, they did just that. to start things off, car accidents are a huge crisis in which almost every country faces. driving a car puts many things at risk including your life. many people are severely injured as well causing issues for their life. having limited car use would save thousands of lives and lower the amount of peoples lives lost from cars. if everybody walked and rode bycicles, nobody would get hurt! this brings me to my next point. using cars means polluting the air and expecting traffic. with no cars, your community wouldnt have to pay for stop lights, huge highways, and many other things the community must pay for in order to have access to vehicles. also, cars pollute the air dramatically. keeping the earth is very important and by using cars, all we are doing is hurting the earth we live on. people wouldnt have to buy gas and things would be much cheaper and cleaner without them. this brings me to my last point. if everyone walked and rode bikes and man powered things, everyone would be a lot healthier. people would be forced to get outside and get exercise in order to go anywhere. less people would be out of shape and people would be much happier. people would also socialize a lot more and everybody would know everbody. there would be less strangers and you would be closer to your community you live in. to wrap things up, limiting car use would be very benificial to society for many reasons. one, there would be no car acciedents and this would save peoples lives. two, without cars, there would be no pollution and no traffic issues at all. and three, without cars, people would be much healthier and socialize a lot more than they do with cars. all in all, a life without cars would be extreamly beneficial to the community and everyone would be much happier.