have you ever wondered what it would be like to live on another planet? well it might just be possible according to nasa employees. the author of this article suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. they include stand points on new ways that nasa has looked into for living and researching venus. the author includes how the similarites between our two planets may change the look at venus. venus is the twin of earth and researchers have found a possible way to survive the harsh conditions of venus. the author has done his research so he has evidenceto back up his claims. in paragraph  the author states imagine a blimplike bike hovering  or so miles above the vensuian landscape.this shows that the author has done research, the author dung deep and shows that nasa the leading organiztion in aerospace engineering has a possible way of living on venus. also in paragraph  the author continues to back up his point by stating not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this continues to show that it is possible to live on venus. the author gives vaild point on why studying venus is worthy. in paragraph  the author states if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further vists to the surface? this shows that the author knows that the further studies and planning to get to the surface of venus provides the slightest information that nasa believes that it might be possible to live on venus. in paragraph  the author also states long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. this shows that venus was once inhabitable and might still be. nasa is working on other ways to cunduct studies on venus. in paragraph  the author states for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos on venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this shows that nasa might have a way to futher study venuss surface. in paragraph  the author states striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likey lead us to equally intimidating endeavors. this means that the success from nasa will push more people to work towards a similar goal. have you ever wondered what it would be like to live on another planet? according to the article presented the author has had a strong stand point on futhering the research of venus because of the success that nasa is having in the lab. the author provided the research of new ways that nasa is trying to land on venus and study the planets surface. the author provides reasons why researching venus is worthy and how the similarties between our two planets may change the look at venus.