many companies are starting to create cars that do not need drivers. these cars have postitive and negative aspects, but these cars are a good thing. they are going to make a life easier. cars using sensors is not a new thing. the text states, in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. these sensors helped that car detect problems and try to fix them. these brakes have helped stop many accidents. since then there have been many improvements to sensors. with these improvements companies, like bmw, were able to design a car that is able to drive its self. the text states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. the sensors allow the car to see whats happening around it. using the information from the senors the car can interpret the situtation, and use it to drive itself. with these sensors accidents can be prevented. the sensors can detect a problem and stop it from happening. car companies are out on the roads testing these cars right now. these cars are well on their way to being on the market for the average consumer to buy. many car companies predict that they will have a self driving car for sale soon. telsa say they will have car within this year. mercedes benz, audi, and nissan predict that their driverless cars will come out in . some people think these cars are going to cause nothing but trouble. one negative to these car is that certain situations the driver will have to take over. the text states, all are designed to notify the diver when the road ahead requies human skills, such as navgating through work zones and around accidnets. this might become a promblem beacause the driver may not be paying attention to the road when they are needed to taking over. many companies already have a solution to that promblem. each car has some sort of warning system put in plave to get the driver intention. though the car may have some negative it will make life easier. their will be less accidents, beacause the cars sensors will see the promblem before it happens. these cars will make the world a better place.