the author support this idea very well because the author talks about how close the earth and venus actually is. the author talks about how venus mislead people to thinking it as a star and the author also talks about the temperature. in paragraph ,  and  it says, venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer spot. however, this nickname is misleading since venus is actually a planet. often referred to as eaths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these are the brief information on venus that the author gave which is helpful. the author talks about how venus can have a huge impact on techonology. in paragraph  and  it says, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. by comparison, systems that use mechanical arts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. this would make people want to learnstudy more about venus because it is talking about how it could have an impact on scientists and technology. the author also talks about how dangerous it would be to go to venus, but although it is dangerous, the author gave an argument by explaining the bright side of studying venus. in paragraph  it says, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this paragraph talks about the bright side of studying more about venus and how earth and beyond shoud not be stop by dangers and doubts but should be expanded instead. this shows how well the author supports this idea.