venus is our sister planet, it may have once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, so why cant we explore it to see the similarities? its the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally in distance too. many scientists want to take the risks of studying this planet to see exactly what the planet has in store because it was once the most like the planet we live on today. the author of the article gives us many facts and statistics as to how venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. in the article, the author tells about how the fast the planets move, and how sometimes venus is right around the corner. humans have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on venus and each mission was unmanned. no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours. the challenge of studying venus has to deal with the temperature and the different type of atmosphere and environment within the planet. we need a mission that is both, safe and scientifically productive that avoids all of the dangers. the atmosphere contains almost  percent of carbon dioxide that blankets venus. this is very dangerous to us being that we take in oxygen and release carbon dioxide, it can harm us easily and even cause death. there are also clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere, which can also be fairly dangerous to us with the carbon dioxide as well. the author tells about how differently the temperature ranges are on the planet and the atmospheric pressure is compared to what we experience on earth, which is why theyre trying to find other, safer, ways to study the planet. the environment of venus would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals, so a human traveling to study venus is very risky and possibly lifethreatening. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system making it impossible for anyone to land on the planet. venusian geology and weather present additional impediments such as erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. despite all of the dangers, venus may have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, being that long ago it couldve consisted of oceans and supported various forms of life, just like earth! if we can find ways to study the planet safely and productively, we will do it, but its nothing risking your life over. the planet contains a lot of carbon dioxide and sulfuric acid in the atmosphere which is something we cannot breathe in but if we find a way around it, such as using machines to send down to the planet that can withstand the temperatures and environment or hovering ontop of the planet to see the conditions would be the best option. for the scientists seeking to land on the planet, they can use different devices made out of silicon carbide that can last for a couple of weeks, or mechanical computers. venus, being our sister planet and having many similarities to us, is something that intruiges many people, but being able to land there isnt likely. finding a safe and productive way to fulfill many peoples curiosity is the most efficient and best way to learn more about the planets that are like ours! we can always find new technologies and ways to explore and study new things without putting ourselves in danger or risking our lives.