having computers detecting when your are confused or when they become bored. technology detecting someones emotions is uses full. this type of techonolgy would help in many different ways like in police station when they are interagating they could use this and try to see if some one is actually telling the truth or not. this technology would be vauable in classrooms because, it could help the teacher know if a student needs help, it could help the student by showing the way they are feeling over a subject, such as when they are bored, the teacher can make the subject a little more intreastingand also it could help the counsolers in knowing if someone is having a rough day and help them out. computers like this could help fix problems that happen in everyday life. in classrooms around the country there are places in which students dont understand a subject or in which are needing help with it, and by having this type of technology it would help teachers know what is the student feeling about a certain subject. in many cases there are students in which dont get the class and do not say anything about it so they end up failing. by having this technology teachers could detect the way the student is feeling toward this subject and work with them. this would prevent students from failing the class and actually get to comprehend the subject. being able to detect is someones emotians could solve a million things one of them is bieng able to help a students out. there are students in which are too shy to ask a student a question and just continue the whole tri not knowing how to do a certain thing. a classrooom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts, this could help students instead of having to ask the teacher can already know if a student is confused or bored. being bored with a subject can often make a student just try to entertain himself by watching a moive or playing a game on his or her computer, this would make the student not pay attention and lose focus. introducing this technology to students would help them get help without having to ask and avoid the part where they become all shy or asking. this same techology would be useful to prevent problems between students. in school this would be helpful to counsolers as well. schools are trying to find a way to prevent bullying from happening thoughout the nation and by implementing this type of technology in school it could help teacher or counsolers find the people who are suffering from this. not only will it help bullying but also if they implemented this then it would help see when a person is angry and are about to do something stupid. this would also help counsolers know when students are havinig problems at home. this technology could improve the way school is and the why teachers teach. this technology would be the future of students learning. this technology should be applyed to school camaras in and in classrooms when it is developed enough. having this technology in schools would be valueable because, it would help students pass classes, it would help teachers help students, and it would help counsolers help students as well.