the face on mars is a mere coincidence. there are many formations like this one on earth. when using the mars global survey spacecraft its high resolution camera picked up no signs of any type of advanced civilization. authors of magazines at the time also hyped the face up, to get more people interested in mars. this story has been used in an array of entertainment, from movies to magazines. on earth there are formations called buttes,  thats a lava domes that take formation of an isolated mesa... according to paragraph twelve. also in paragraph twelve it states that on earth these landforms are most common in the american west. these particular formations are especially common in the cydonia region of mars. finding these landforms in this region are so common that the scientists at nasa were shocked at how much it resembled a face, knowing it was not an alien artifact. another reason that we know it is a butte is because it was not only photographed once or twice but three times! this landform has been photographed by two different spacecraft, the viking  and the mars global surveyor. these spacecraft were spread apart for a span of over  years! the viking  picked up the best images it could for its time but the much more recent mars global surveyor has a much better and more accurate image of the face than the  photo. the mars global surveyor mgs also took two clear photographs of the landform while the  image is blurry to say the least. in  the image was so fuzzy that no one could tell what was there, which led to reporters and authors to excite the public more than what was necessary. in  authors and reports hyped up the find of this face on mars. authors did this to draw more attention to mars, which because nasa serves the interests of the people and the government was an outstanding thing but it went to far. after all a face on a planet not all that far from us makes a great headline. not everyone exaggerated it though nasa, as said in the article, upon releasing the pictures to the public stated huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the face on mars was also used in afilm and in countless magazines across the country. the face on mars is merely just shadows playing tricks on the eye. the face is merely a landform with shadows in all the right spots playing an illusion on those who see it. over the years many claims, false or true, have been made about the face on mars and they aren going to stop anytime soon. so far no evidence supports the claims of conspiracy theorists, however that doent mean they never will. the face on mars has had many stories told about for over two and a half decades, and they are not going to stop anytime soon, but it is important to know that science has not proven anything about the face on mars, yet.