seagoing coyboys. thats the name of the tremendous program i joined. i think a lot of people should join the seagoind coyboys program. the reason i think this is because it is a great way to sightsee, youre helping a large amount of people by giving them more of what they need, you can have fun playing all sorts of games and more, and you get the chance to go to new places. the first reason i should convince others to participate in the seagoing cowboys program is because it is a great way to sightsee. in the story it says,luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. it also states,it was special taking a gondala ride in venice, italy, a city with streets of water. i think this enables the reader to realizeone of the reasons that the seagoing coybows is a program you should join is an great opportunity for people of all ages to sight see. the second reason i think i should convince you to join the seagoing cowboys is because youre helping a large amount of people by giving them more of what they need. i can tell this by when the passage states,it was , world war ii was over in europe, and many countries were left in ruins. to help these countries recover their food supplies,a nimals, and more,  nations joined together to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administartion. unrra hired seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. that is the program that don and i signed up for. this shows why i think you should join the seagoing coyboys program because youre helping a large amount of people by giving them what they need. the third reason i think you should join the seagoing cowboys is because you can have fun by playing all sorts of games and more. in the text it states,luke also found time to have fun on board , especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the emty holds where animals had been housed. after it states that it says,tabletennis tournaments, fencing, bowing, reading whittling and games also helped pass the time. this shows why i think you should join the seagoing coyboyws program because you can by playing all sorts of games and more. the fourth reason think you should join the seagoing coyboys program is because you get the chance to go to new places. in the text it explains,besides helping people, i had the benefit of seeing europe and china. see, when you join the seagoing coyboys program you get to go to many places because you have to deliver the suplies and animals to the different places. so this shows, and explains, why i think you should join the seagoing cowboys program because you get the chance to go to new places. all in all this passage i have written for you shows why i think that you should join the seagoing cowboys program, because it is a great way to sightsee, youre helping a large amount of people by giving them what they need,you can have fun playing all sorts of games and more, and you get the chance to go to new places.