ding! ding! ding! the bell has now rung and you must take your seat. class is beginning. here goes another day of zoning out and being bored for seven hours! new software has been developed, the facial action coding system, and it can detect your emotions. the facial action coding system being in the classroom would be very valuable! this technology being in classrooms would be beneficial for many reasons. in the passage dr. huang predicts,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this shows how the facial action coding system could help the students learn. by being able to know if the student is not understanding or getting bored, the computer can now review what the student is confused about and make a different approach on how they are giving the student information. knowing what peoples emotions are is very important when it comes to communicating and teaching them new things. in the text dr. huang says, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. so computers need to understand that too. this shows that because of emotions being a big part of communicating and understanding things, computers should know what people are feeling as well. this will make computers even more helpful than they already are. in addition, the computers wont have a hard time being able to recognize these emotions! according to the article,the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. this shows how even though many people show their emotions in different ways, your face muscles do similar things for you to be able to tell each expression. the passage also says, they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forces smile. this proves how the software is really aware of how youre feeling. all of this can show why the facial action coding system would be very valuable in the classroom. hopefully now you would like this new software in classrooms at your own school! ding! ding! ding! the day is now over, but because of the new software you have in your class, the facial action coding system, you felt excited to come back tomorrow to have another amazing day of learning without being bored and understanding everything!