imagine a world where you literally dont need to do a thing. where supposely you are in a safer world with drieverless cars roaming your streets. more technology will only increase the risks of getting into an accident. first off, i strongly disaggre with this concept as a whole. as the story says, can you imagine a time in the future when no ones buys cars because no one needs them anymore?. even if it doesnt say, but if we start to produce driverless cars then how will we be able to travel through the country. by feet? yes, it will save us money from paying to much for fuel also we will be getting to things much later. meanwhile, google has built cars where they are somewhat driverless, but still need human skills at moments. in paragraph  it further explains, google cars arent driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. this was around  and later on in  google picks up their game. now, bmws can function at a higher speed and has special sensors. this just shows us that we basically dont need to be in the car but they have yet made it to that point. in the near future, google wants to have other options for example. in paragraph , other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays. manufactures are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. there is no reason for this to be happening to society. this is going to incease more accidents, becaause of our ignorance. all in all, if in  there were driverless cars roaming around in the streets then this will be a bad place to live at. the reason for disagreeing with this is strongly base on health. the driverless cars today shouldnt even be named driverless cars, because they dont come close to it. the more advancments we add, the more dangerous the car becomes. us just sitting in the drivers seat and letting the car take over is plain just nonsense. flying cars is something i would agree to, now that is safer.