in this enviroment today are electronics are becoming very specail to us and the humans that are buliding or providing these are becoming very intelligente to us. theyre the ones that are going to help us get transportation when it is needed or when we need help that can bulid robots that act just like humans and that can talk just like us to. but we have some postives and negavtives going on here for these cars today in this enviroment because we dont know foresure if its going to work properly when it needs to be used in the right matter of time. im going to tell us the postive and negatives on the side of my story for examples. positves sides of the driverless cars are that they are made with an computer and theyre selfdriving thats very smart or imortant to the project of cars because we have humans that will get off work or come home from a party and be very sleepy or to drunk to drive and not everyone is going to have someone in the car to drive with them to drive for them. so its an good thing for this program to be put inside of cars so that it can take the drivers home and safely without the driver getting hurt or injured for the rest of their lives. or the senors that can help someone while backing up will sense you to react with the road before hitting something. negative sides of these driverless cars are that how do we know that this is an very safe car to buy and that the cars will actualy work on roads while driving it. we dont know if this car will be the safest thing to get if the program dosent work like its suppose to. because this can still be very dangerous to teens an adults cause we can take are attetion off the roads and the program could get confused of what its doing and can cause an fatal crash or could cause fatal death to us. then it will have to be new laws like what the promt said waiting on the law. if the program is working good the company or the manufacturer could be sued for a lot of money and if they are putting extra programs into this cars thats illegal they will be in trouble with the law enforcements. because if the technology fails who fault would or could it be?thats why they need to make sure that this will be an reliably safe program for these cars cause this wont be an human driving its an computerprogram running this car. just like how are phones and laptops frezzes the car could to the same exact thing to us but its worst because its an car thats driving on roads that can kill teens or little babys that havent even begin there lives yet. another reason is the pricing of these cars negative. not everyone is going to be able to afford an telsa or an audi these or , to , cars. i think theyre goign to have to make some cars that are affortable to buy for everyone to have since they say its an safe car to have. not everyone is going to have this car unless you ahve an good paying job or a good bank account with lots of money saved up for it.