driverless cars are the new generations technology. driverless cars are dangerouse due to driver assistance, safety, and the purpose of driving. all these three things are the reason why we would need to worry about driverless cars. driverless cars are supposed to do it all on their own, but they still want driver assistance. when you are the driver in a driverless car wouldnt you get bored? well if you drive and fall sleep due to the amount of time that you dont do anything. then sudenly the care will change to the driver mode. you will not know about it because your asleep, so then the car can not handle it and then crash with you in it. this doesnt even have to be you sleeping. it can be texting, listening to music, or grabing something in the car. this is why the driver assistance is very dangerouse to not just you in the car but people that are dirving right next to you. your safety is the most important thing so they say. when you are in this vehicle that has tons of wiring, dont you think something is going to go wrong. well there is, the car could shortcircut in the middle of nowhere. when you find out that the car wont work and you are lost what are you going to do. i garentee you that they didnt think of microchiping your car. also not even pootinga beaker in it the signals to the closes police station. both of these two reasons are what if and i know that. but in real life some people tavel really far and they get lost when they travel. this is why safety is the most important things when it come to new technology like this. the purpose of driving. driving is the freedom feeling that you get knowing that you are growing up. but what about the younger generation? we worked hard to get our licsence and had to wait a long time. then the younger generation is tottaly different. when they will go take the driving thest is is only going to see if you know how to turn and park. when the self drive is turned on it is a peice of cake. when we had to take the driving test, we had to drive all around town. then wait to get your drivers liscence. with this newthe driver assistance is the worst part of them all. if not fixed it could cost lives, and not just for the driver. this is why the driverless car is a bad car to buy and have.