venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. venus ia a worthy pursuit despite because thick atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide,venus have been earth like planet in our solar system, also venus orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions. atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide because on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmopheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. in the text it states these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such as environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to driving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. so i think this means that nasa will not send humans into venus becasue they are not  percent if its safty for humans , or any objects. venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. venus have been earthlike planet in our solar system. in the text it states that  venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. in the text it also states that  today venus sill has some features that are analogous to those on earth. wow this is scary how an other planet had living things in it. but this can still prove that it can have living things. venus orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions.researchers cant take smaples from venus because the distance. in the text it states that  many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long anough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. this shows that researchers are doing what ever it takes to find what venus is all about. i believe venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because thick atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide, and venus has been earthlike planet in our solar system, also venus orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet.