imagine a world where there were less accidents, less pollution, and faster transportation for everyone. this may sound too good to be true, however this just might be a reality in the near future. many car manufacturers have been pushing to have autonomous care be developed and sold. while some people may not be convinced by these claims, autonomous cars are a stepping stone towards a safer world. the main reasons why these cars would be beneficial for our future are increased safety, less pollution, and faster transportation. the first advantage is safety. who doesnt want to live in a safer world? autonomous cars can greatly incresase the safety of transportation. if we all got autonomous cars that were all programmed nearly the same, they would drive themselves in a safe way and less accidents would occur. for example, many deaths occur in the u.s. due to drunk driving or wreckless driving, however, with these autonomous cars we can prevent these factors from claiming lives. next, less pollution is a wonderfully positive characteristic of these cars. these autonomous cars use half of todays taxis. this would decrease the amount of fossil fuels being burned which will greatly decrease pollution caused by automobiles. if these autonomous cars were to be fuled by some other resourse that harms the environment little to not at all, pollution would drastically decrease. in the future cars may never cause pollution again. this would help us conserve our planet and insure that our childrens children will live in a safe world. finally, the last reason why autonomous vehicles are a good idea is faster transportation. if someone were on a road trip, on their way to an important meeting out of state, or if your just extreamly tired in the morning, autonomous cars can help. human navigation is required in some situations, however it may not come up that often. if you ever get tired while driving for many hours, the autonomous cars can help take you to your destination. this insures faster transportation and increases safety. many people have to drive for many hours a day, when these people start to get tired they slowly drift into sleep, this could cause many accidents. autonomous cars can eliminate this problem immediatly and it will also increase the amount of time you drive so you can get to your destination faster. clearly autonomous cars are the way of the future. it may take a while for these cars to be developed, but the advantages are too great to over look. we can saves lives with the save autonomous technology the cars use to drive themselves. we can save our planet by creating less pollution and we can travel longer and faster. we should encourage car manufacturers to create these cars so we can life a better life.