i dont agree with this idea of driverless cars becuase my first thought when i hear driverless cars is i woldnt be safe. thats my concern safty in the car. if the car doesnt require you to drive then something in the wires and sensors could malfunction.the car could sense something and break quickly and could cause accisents or cause the person in the vhecial to get hurt. in this article they say that the car would need a whole lot of sensors, on the left rear wheel a rotating sensor on the roof etc. if you ask me this sounds like i would be riding down the street in a space ship. it says they tested a car on an embedded track with electrial cables, thats not safe. also it says it would be a massive amount of money to make these roads. who has all that money to comtribute? they say that the cars arent truley driverless, they still alert the driver to take over when certian things happen. so whats the point of a driverless car if its not technacally driverless? even they ask themselves that in the article. they say driverless cars are the new thing but recently bmw has came out with the traffic jam assistant meaning you have to keep your hands on the wheels. this is the total opposite of driverless cars. i would choose this meathod. speaking of bmw other highend cars like mercedes benz, audi, and nissan are plannng to have driverless cars by . if driverless cars are as safe as they say then why are they only happening in expensive highend cars. everyone cant afford these types of cars espically adding on driverless to an alreday expensive car, only the rich will have a driverless car. when i hear driverless car i think of sitting in a car where you have to press one botton and enter the location and go. this article says the human driver mustremain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requries. in conclusion i think driverless cars are pointless because they arent completly driverless, they requrie a ton of wires, raido signals, sensous, etc. they are expensive and the usa is slready in debt and were wasting money on more and more pointless stuff. so if you ask me driverless cars are not my thing.