the techology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotion is making mona lisa smile. making mona lisa smile is made for computer imagery, when making of mona lisa smile, the students are finding the computer construcs a d computer model of the face. the model of the computer move like the human muscles. also the computer are smart as the human as, and computer tells the true. when the students finding how is becoming to found the computer d. they sloved the model and the founded. and useful in the world.. when you use d model is look real life you seeing. is beautiful to look at the imagine on the comuputer or video imagery. body of , because the computer useful and how can the computer must do it well. the computer knows your feel happy or feel sad. for example, when the proson did bad things, the police offcial used the computer and they will find you on the computer imagine. and the computer can being to ceek your bones also the computer are so smart. it will knews everthing for example, when peoples visit the other counrtys, at the ariport when before you going throught, it might have like gate. the gate are put in computer, when you go throught that gate the computer cheek your bodys and inside of your bones and itll cheek your bags. body of ,for example, when you have eyes problem,the first they took the picture, on computer, your imagine will shows up your eyes problem and the doctor will cheek your eyes with computer. the computers would know how your eyes will gonna work and how much far you sees or you need glass, itll shows on the imagine computer. when you eyes cheeks would lay dawn your chin and you look at the green light and everythings the computer know about your eyes. for example, when people went to takephotos store, with their family to take family picture. after they took family picture the carmerman ask about adding the photos. and their family choces background, a beautiful picture, and the camerman add imagine on the computer. for the other example, when the us soldiers to fight war with isis, before us armys will fight their bad guys us armys used small ariplan it have carmer, the armys look at the place on the computer. after they look at on the computer, the armys knews how many isis people are there. and us captian lets go his soldier. to fight bad guys.. incodue, the emotional computer class are work well. and helpful, useful and the computer will protect the countrys or population. the computer are useful in everything.