ever confused in the classroom? some pieces of technology can detect emotions from people or even students. having technology in the classroom is valuable to students because the computer can adjust to each students learning method, it can go at a pace that is comfortable for the student, and in the end the student learns more. when doing assignments in the classroom, many methods can be found when doing numerous things, like figuring out a math problem or chemistry equation. in the passage making mona lisa smile, the dr. huang says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, this shows that the student does not understand the assignment or is not interested. the computer can easily adjust that by changing the method or make the learning more entertaining while the student is still learning. some students have a harder time learning in the classroom because they dont understand how the answer is being found. with technology changing the method in which a student can learn, the student may be able to grasp the topic at hand better. the adjustment to the way in which the student learns may help, but the time it takes a student to learn is also another major factor why technology can benefit the classroom. students go at all different paces, some are slower than others and some are faster than others. however, technology can find the pace the student feels comfortable learning in just by the way they look at the computer. if the student is a slow learner, the computer would take it slow and teach the lesson at a slower pace. if the student is a quick learner, than the computer may speed through the lesson with no problem. this would allow the student to effectively learn. the student can learn more just by making a facial expression towards a piece of technology such as a computer. by using facial recognition, the computer would know what to do and the student would feel more enthusiastic about learning in the classroom. technology in the classroom would open up new doors for students and the way they learn. dr. huang from the passage making mona lisa smile says, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, this means that the facial expressions a student makes is like a language and it can be understood by the advancements in technology. having facial recognition on computers in the classroom would be valuable to students because it can teach the student a lesson that would fit in to how the student wants to learn, the amount of time it takes for a student to learn would be adjusted, and the student can effectively comprehend what is being taught in the classroom. technology plays an important role in society today and later it can teach new things that many people dont know.