lets begin with so far there is no such thing as aliens or any extra terestrial life for that matter. also the face on mars is just a natural land form. as stated in the article  the face on mars  was first discovered in  in thr cydonia region of the planet. it was discovered while the viking  spacecraft was going around the planet taking pictures. trying to find a landing space for its sister ship viking . although releasing the photo to the public brought attetion to mars it also lead people to belive that there could be life or was life on mars. although few scientist believed that  the face on mars could be a alien artifact  years later they returned to the red planet because  jim garvin explaind that thwy felt it was important to taxpayers. finally on april ,  the mgs flew over cydonia for the firt time. michael manlin and his camera crue took a picture ten times better than the photo that was taken by the viking. a lot of people were curious and nervous waiting on the release of the photo. some were disappointed when it was released because it revealed a natural landform. they were disappointed because the face on mars is located at   degrees north martian latitude. they werent satisfied with thiss because at this latitude it was winter in april of . which is a cloudy time of year for mars. people were claimimg that perhaps because the camera had to oeer through thr clouds the alien markings were hidden by the haze. jim garvin, chief scientist for nasas mars exploration program said that its not easy to target cydonia infact its hard work. then on april , . the mgs was passing over cydonia and drew close enogh for a picture and they took the picture from the direct center of the face. also the picture that was taken was better quality than the two before it and was taken on a cloudless summer day. in conclusion if the face on mars would have been an acient alien arifact you would have been able to tell. so it is just a natural land form. although it is similar to the lava dome is in the snake river plain of idaho.