before i get into whether or not facs is a valuable tool in the classroom i ask you, is this valuable? depending on how youre looking at it and who you are you could have many different opinions on this. facs stands for facial action coding system. if you think about what this software is about, it is about reading a students facial expression to determine what it is. its not impossible to do without this software. in what situation would you not be able to read a students expression that you needed to use a software to determine it for you? it says in paragraph  of the passage in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. it says in the passage that humans can still calculate their emotions without this software. i believe that this type of technology is completely useless and a waste of money if this were to be implemented into a classroom, that would be many uses and practical situational use for this software. the classroom is not one. if you were to implement it at a high college level course then it might be effective and worth the money but only if it effects that major that they are going into. if facs implementation was thought about between kindergarten through th grade then there is a problem. there is no practical use for this software anywhere between that grade level. you would never need to use this software for practical use in the school day. there is no gain from having student learn it before college because they most likely wont retain the informatio and even if they do it is most likely useless to them. in conclusion, why implement this software that can change a photo or painings facial expression? its complete and utterly useless for kth grade to learn about this software or even have hands on time with it. there is no practical field to go down with this. i see this facs software as just a gimic that people who are interested will use for their own fun. so to answer the question, no. i think that this software is valuable but not in the classroom. this software would only be useful at a college level course or in a professional career like in a hospital.