people are wanting to create driveless cars. driveless cars are a car that you could drive without steering it or doing anything with driving like you do today, that is just making humans even more lazy. humans are already lazy today but society wants to make us even more lazy by not doing things on our own now. farmers already have tractors that are like this, the tell them when they need to turn around and that is it, other thant that the computer tractor does everything for you. i think that driveless cars are pointless because we already have all this technolgy that we dont need but yet soem poeple are big on technolgy but there is also somw technolgy that we dont need. why do we need driveless cars when we could drive the car ourself, do other thigns by ourself, and not be lazy? see the google car is programed to do everything that we should know about driving but the google car does all of the thinking for us. the cars that you have to plug in instead of putting gas in are somewhat a good idea because then you wouldnt have to pay fo rgas but on the other hand you have to charge your car up every night, replace the charger when it is out of charging the car, and you would worry abotu if your car would make it through the dya or not. so the charging your car in a good idea but there is also some cons about it too. my personal thought is that we shoudl not have these driveless cars because it woudl make us humans think that we can do whatever we want adn just be lazy all the time when in reality we can do everything on our ow, we just choose not to. there are some good ideas with it, like the bmw has vibrating seats if the seat is dozing off and it keeps the driver alert. the google car is watchign teh driver for the most part, when the car shoudl be watching the road to, notjust the driver. so me personally, i think that we shoudl not get driveless cars. they will make humans thingk they can do anything they want to, make us lazy, and make us not do our own work. people that work are the hard workers because they make the effort to do things.