the challenge of exploring venus is about how dangerous other planets are to humans but in this passage they specifically talked about venus which happens to be one of the most dangerous planets. venus is the second planet to the sun which makes the surface very hot and dry and so it doesnt allow for us humans to land there easily and just explore. the passage even says not easy conditions, but survivable for humans this shows how we can land on venus and survive but the conditions make it so hard that humans usually die after a while. and even though venus is a dangerous planet i understand why people explore the planet regradless. scientists and nasa have been trying to figure out if we can survive on a different planet or if would be able to build there and have people live there because the world could get over populated. so, when they search new planets its not for fun its because they want to see what else is out there and as dangerous as conditions may be i repsect the people who go out and discover things we didnt know existed. as of right now the only way to find out more about venus is by going there, however, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus, some simplified electronic made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. these projects could work one day and we wouldnt have to risk lives to find something new, we could just use the resources found here on earth. the very last sentence of the passage says our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. i strongly agree because if we didnt take risks and put ourselves out there we wouldnt have half of the stuff we use on a daily basis. having the technology we have today we will be doing great things one day with the amount of knowledge we have rn and we will only build off of what we have.