my position on driverless cars that there is a cause and effect to it. you can have postive effects and some bad effects such as having someone drunk in the car and they do something reckless in the car. but a good effect is that you can have someone avertise the car or use it in a good way. you have good reason that you can be having long dinstance driving and might take a nap if you get tired. then wake up and take control of the car. you might have the car for its breaking system and not know that car that close to you and it can save someone life. but there somone bad effects like somone with out there driver liscense might get a smart car and get pulled over with them in it or have some thing bad happen to them. then you got the waitng on the law there might be some states that might not like the smart car and have people getting hurt and having it be the people that created the car problem. such as california,nevada,florida,and the district of columbia. they belive that you need somone with a licesnse to be driving the car so they baned it. they belive it be more reliably and safe. who falult could it be the driver or the manufactur. but automakers still making there work and plan to have them ready by . then you got senseing the world like travling long places in a smart car or having them racing. there alot of radio recivers and satilete information it has to be for the car to work right. you gonna need some type connection in the area at all times so the car dont do anything wrong. then you got many car manfuctors trying to work on there own types of cars to make theres better. then they got sensors for the cars for speed sense to know how fast you are suppose to go. then for the breaks so you dont have out of control skids down the road. last thing is you have advertisement for the cars in movies and on tv. trying to get people to drive them and persuade them to get it and not make it a money issue. make it easier for public transportation and taxisystem. then try to make it a better way to get around in all of the coutires and states. but in my option i think it makes it esaier for people to get around and its a cool thing to have and have this technogly to make moving around alot easier.