in the challenges of exploring venus, the author suggest that studying venus is worthy pursuit despite of the dangers it presents. venus is very well known for  evening star and earths twin. meaning, venus has the same density and size as earths. even distance. when orbiting we have a great chance in getting close to earths twin.therefore, we have an oppurtunity in sending spacecrafts to venus to explore. the many dangers that venus has are incredible! it was discovered that while sending a spacecraft on each previous mission, it wouldnt even survive the landing for a few hours. continously, no spacecraft has touched down on venus for more than three decades! venus has almost  percent carbon dioxide, but a highly more corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere.meaning, it could easily kill any human that steps foot in venus. it could easily crush a submarine and even dive into the deepest parts of our oceans and detroy all kinds of metals. venusian and geology show that the weather in venus is presented by erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. so, why would astronomers even try to get a better glance at venus? well, venus was so much like earth. it was mostly covered in large amount of oceans and could even support life. in todays life, venus still has some features like earths, it has valleys, mountains, and craters. we believe that venus can be our next planetary visit. nasa has been appealing an idea to send humans up to venus and allowing scientists to float above the fray. making a vehicle hovering to avoid ground conditons also the airs pressure would be close to sea level on earths. it wouldnt be easy, but will keep the humans safe. for now we only see limited insights on ground conditons since most light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. scientist are seeking the conducts to understand venus and would need the closest and personal despites of the risks. theyre working on innovations to last long to contribute to our knowledge of venus. one example, is an electronic made of silicon carbide that has been tested in a chamber stimulating the chaos of venuss suface surprisngly, it has lasted for three weeks in such conditions. in meeting the conditions and challenges on venus has lots of value. the exploration on venus could lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors!