have you ever seen or ever been on mars? most of you might have not, but studying mars is a part of my job. i believe that the face on mars is a natural landform because aliens do not exist, nasa has proved that it is a natural landform, and it looks like landforms on earth. my first reason is because aliens do not exist. there has been much research in this world to prove that aliens do not exist, but still some people believe that there are aliens. whenever something weird happens in space, we always have to say aliens exist, and there is a lot of proof that they dont. on mars, landforms can change, just like any other planet. for example, in  it started out by looking like a bump. then in , it warped into many different shapes with cracks or ridges in it, and in the end it turned out looking like a face. my second reason is because nasa has proved that it is a natural landform. it says in paragraph , on april ,  mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. when they recieved the photo it revealed a natural landform. the picture showed the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, which are landforms common around the american west. so, the face was proved to be a natural landform in the end. my third reason is because the face looks like landforms on earth. in paragraph  it states, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, which are landforms common around the americian west. this tells us that the face is common and not a shockingly new landform. also, in paragraph  it says, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, which is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. so, the face is obviously not a new thing, because earth has a landform very similar to it. landforms are made naturally and it takes many years to start noticing the changes in a landform. some people might say that aliens are real and that over the years they have been working on this landform. they could also say that nasa rarely goes over the face because it is so hard to find, so nasa never sees the aliens because of this reason. this is all true, except that aliens are real there is no true proof of knowing if aliens are real or not, but they most likely arent. also, nasa has proved that the face isnt a new landform, but that it is similar to many landforms on earth. in conclusion, the face on mars is just a natural landform. i believe that the face on mars is a natural landform because aliens do not exist, nasa has proved that it is a natural landform, and it looks like landforms on earth.