vauban, germany, home to , residents is taking a new rout to life... without cars. in this community street parking, drivewaves, and home garages are almost nonexsistant. the streets are car free except for the main thoroughfare. cars are allowed, but theres only two places for parking large garages and the edge of a development where the car owner has to pay , for the car space and buy the home.  of the people in vauban dont own cars, and  have giving up their cars to live there. they feel happier without them. this is trending in europe, people are calling it smart planning and its also trending in the united states considering we have  green house gas from auto mobiles. with the less parking places, stores are just a short walk away from you. in paris they banned driving for a little while because of the almost record high pollution. drivers on monday with even numbered license plates were not permited into the streets or would get a  euro fine, and the same deal to odd numbered drivers the next day. , drivers were fined, and  cars were impounded for their reaction to the fine. its not as easy for the people in paris to get used to a car free community like the people in vauban. although the cogestion was brought down  in frances capital. in bogota, colombia millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during their car free day. this is their rd year of celebrating a day withouth cars in the capitol. the rain didnt stop people from participating either. this day, even just one day lowers their air polution and help realize the stress of driving. two other cities in columbia participated in this event, cali and valledupar. the united states is also trying to make great changes to reduce green house gas polution. statics show that people are buying less cars, driving less, and getting less license plates each year. with the changes and reduction each year, it will do great things to our envirmoent and the air we breathe. although this would not help our economy, the car industry will be troubled. driving by young people decresed  between  and . this could help us but also put our country more into debt.