the developement of driverless cars could be a good thing for the world. with these cars and proper roadways, many lives could be saved. although there are a few negative aspects, over time these cars could change the world we live in for the better. these cars have the capability of making the future safer and cleaner. driverless cars can make the future safer. according to the article, further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. technology like this in driverless cars can lessen the deaths in automobiles greatly. in addition, with driverless cars people can pay more attention to their surroundings instead of focusing on just driving. as the article claims lawmakes know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers, we can assume that without the task of driving, people can be more alert this will help the passengers in the car achieve more safety. along with safety, the air can be cleaner with the driverless cars. according to googles cofounder, the cars he envisions would use half of the fuel of todays taxis. with less fuel being used, the earth could have a cleaner atmosphere and benefit everyones way of living. these changes could fundamentally change the world. cleaner air leads to healthier people that can benefit greater off the driverless cars. the air is just one of the few things that could potentially make the world easier to live on. because of things such as cleaner air and safer roads, the world could be easier to live on. there would be less of a hassle with traffic and breathing. the developement of these cars could potentially be the next great thing for this world. laws on the road and the environment could be less easy to break, making humans lives easier. driverless cars could be a large part of the future and it would be a shame if they could not reach their full potential because of a few negative aspects during the making of them.