venus is worthy to pursuit despite the dangers it presents. venus is refered as the to the evening star. the nickanme is misleading since venus is really a plant in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun.astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may have beem the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus is often referred as earths twin. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. venus seems to be a fairly interesting planet to look into when put into the consideration that it was earth like with its rocky sediment surface, valleys, mountains and craters. solar power would be plentiful and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but sirvivable for humans. if the people on earth were in a end of the world crisis colonizing venus would not be bad idea. since the evidence of past life on venus is right under the noses of the people of earth it would be tough but not impossible. although the risks for exploring will be tough the real challenge will be to land on venus.peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions. venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. nasa is working on studying some appoarchs on how to get to venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulation the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. developing new technology is coming soon and as more time passes the more advanced it going to become and the goal to reach venus surface grows closer than ever before. in conclusion aiming for landing of venus is worth it, because of the invidence given on the planet. but there is also this hidden curiosity about venus that can be off putting. just because earth may not have the technology right now doesnt mean humans should give up on the thought of exploring venus. life, new technology, and new discoverys are waiting on venus so it is worth all the trouble for one little planet bigger than earth. it could the people of earths future home if something happened with a huge effect on earth all to together their would be a back plan.