cars are a wonderful thing. they are perhaps one of the worlds greatest advancements and technologies. cars get us from point a to point b. that is exactly what we want isnt it? we as humans want to get from one place to anther as fast as possible. cars are a suitable to do that. they get us across the city in a matter of minutes. much faster than anyhting else we have. a train isnt going to get me across the city as fast as my car is and neither is a public bus, but those other forms of transportation just might be the way to go. dont get me wrong, cars are an absolutly amazing thing but, maybe they just cause way to much stress, and maybe they hurt our environment in ways that we dont think they will. with a bus or a train you do not have to worry about washing your car or getting frustrated when stuck in a bad traffic jam on i. also there is not as much pollution in air hurting our environment. you might not think so, but there are many advanteges to limiting our car usage. one advantage that not only humans would benefit from, but also plants and animals is that there would be a lot less pollution in the air hurting out environment. right now our cars give off gases that are extreamly harmful towards our environment. these gases are called green house gases and come out of the exhuast pipes in our cars. your car alone dosent give off much gas but collectively, our cars give off enormous amounts of gases. this is especially true in big cities like france. in france, their pollution level was so high it was record breaking. due to that france decided to enforce a partial ban on cars. this is described in the second article  paris bans driving due to smog, by robert duffer,  on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were orderd to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. after france limlited driving there congestion was down by  percent.  congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. so after five days of intense smog,  percent of it was clear after not using cars for only a little while. even across the world in bogota, columbia they are limiting driving and reducing smog levels. in the third article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky, it describes the annual carfree day they have to reduce smog.  the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. so all over the world people are relizing that wilthout cars, we are insuring the saftey and well being of our environment. the second advantage that would come with limiting car use is less stress. everyone knows that driving a car causes emence amounts of stress. getting caught in traffic is a major cause of stress in someones life. haveing to repeatingly wash your car just to get it dirt again causes stress. having people in the back of your car screasming and yelling all while music is blasting, causes stress. so obviously driving causes stress. if we were to limit our car usage we would not be as stressed as we usually are. there would be no traffic, no car washes and no one screaming in a small confineded space. in the first article  in german suburb, life goes on without cars, by elisabeth rosenthal, a citezen named huidrun walter, states  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. so with out the stress of a car huidrun walter is a looser and happier person, less stress equals happier person. in the third article,  carfree dai is spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky, it states  its a good opportunity to take away stress.... if we have the opportunity to take away stress, why not take it. it is a huge advantage in our lives to limit driving if it takes away stress. no one wants stress, no one needs stress, and if we have an opportunity to take some of the stress away, take that opportunity. in conclusion, there are many advanteges to limiting car use, one being theat we get to help the environment and two being that it helps reduce stress. our environment is already screwed up in so many ways, if we can help it to become the healthy enironment it once was, then do it. stress is proven to impare your personal health, no one wants to be unhealthy and no one wants stress in their life. if you want the environment to get better and you want to reduce stress in your life then take this advantage and impliment it. some might not think that this is an advantage, but i just explained that it is a clear advantege that has been proved to help the enviornment and reduce stress. limiting car use is a very effective advantage that really does work in more than one place.