many countries world wide have gone carfree due to either smog or other areas has simply banned them. not only is banning cars good for the enviroment it is also good for the well being of the human race. in the following passages in german suburb, life goes on without cars, paris bans driving due to smog, carfree day is a big hit in bogota, and the end of car culture mention the finner points about why being carfree is benificial. by far, europe is once again ahead of the united states due to the fact that many countries dont use cars, but they travel to their next destination by train, tram, bus, and walikng. unlike america, almost every one is using a car to get to their next place, and barely use a bus. according to the passage  the end of car culture our own president of the united states is making goals to help improve the greenhouse gas emissions but just like the title suggest the end of cars are near.  the united states, with its broad expanses and suburban ideals, had long been one of the worlds prime car cultures researchers are noticing a decline in the buying and selling of cars nation wide. demographic shifts in the driving population suggest that the trend may accelerate.it has already accelerated in europes biggest capitals the world has come to know and love. paris. the city of love or the city of smog, has banned driving due to record high reports of smog. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partcial driving ban to clear the air of the globla city according to the passage  paris bans driving due to smog smog in the city of love is not quite romantic as a city without smog. paris alone ... had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter.... banning cars and fining people is one way to help clear the air of pollution, so their is more room for love, laughter, and happiness. paris typically has more smog than other european capitals. well maybe the smog and love can share the air. lets travel all the way back to the americas to see how the smog is doing there in the countyr of colombia. bogota, colombia located in south america has had its own little smog problems just like paris. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. a whole day of either biking, hiking, skating, walking,or taking a taxi andor bus, to get to work or school. in the passage carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota explains to us why we should stop using cars but rather rely on our body than a , pound peice of machinerery.  the days without cars is part of an imporvement campaign that began in bogota in the mids.. for almost  years bogota, colombia once a year celebrates a day to help reduce smog, and produce a happy, healthy, and smog free life style. the rain hasnt stopped people from participating, remarks bogota mayor antanas mockus. there may have been a few gray clouds, but that doesnt keep people form not supporting their own enviroment. good job to bogota, and see what tricks germany has up their sleeve. picture this an upscale suburban community in vauban, germany where soccer moms are taking there children to soccer practice, and big ceo executives are going to work. theyre getting to their next destination not by car, because in this town of , people, nobody has a car because they have give up the life of car culture. the passage in german suburb, life goes on without cars, well truely they do. who needs cars when you go to work by bike, train, skateboard, roller skates, or the traditional walking. vauban, completed in , is an example of a growing trend in europe, the united states and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called smart planning. what amkes this smart planning truely genius, is that everbody is totally cool with it. for the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking, planners are now taking the concept to the suburbs.... vauban may be just an experimental suburb, but the people who live in it seem to enjoy the life without the hastle of smog producing vehicles . when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. states heidrum walter, a resident of the green suburban town vaubran. many countries world wide have gone carfree due to either smog or maybe even banned them entirely. countries all over the wolrd are seeing a difference in their community every day when they dont drive a car. not only is going carfree great for the reduction of smog, but you can live a happier, healthier, and stressfree life style like most people have noitced from bogota, colombia to the small suburban town vauban, geramny. next time when you leave your house for work, just think how stressfree youll be if you biked, walked, or take the train.