the date is may ,  and twentyfive years ago we found something that left both nasa and i speechless. they say that this face was created by aliens however they are totally wrong. nasa says otherwise that its just natural landform. the most logical reason is the natural landform, because we havent had any evidence of aliens being real. therefore i argue that its just a natural landform and not in any form made by an alien. first of all, we have no proof of aliens whatsoever. no one has proved that they exist, or that they are real. so why do they think its aliens, when it couldve just been a natural landform. things like these happen all the time, our earth just happens to make things like these. people are actually beliveing that aliens are real, when really they dont have proof. second of all, how would the aliens know how to create it. if to say if they even are real. how would they create it, there arent any tools on mars. they wouldnt know what they were making, they would have no idea. the face just happened to be a natural landform, it was not created by aliens. along with they have no proof aliens did this. third of all, why would they even do this. if they did happen to do it , they didnt even mean too. because they havent seen a face so they wouldnt know how to make it. aliens are not real, if they were itd be everywhere all over the news. people would be so excited and although going to space is a risk many people would do it. just to go see the aliens, but no one has proved they are real. therefore, nasa will stand correctly. the face is just a natural landform. in conclusion, nasa is correct. there is no proof of aliens, and even if there was the slightest chance to having proof. aliens wouldnt even have meant to do it. they have never seen a face, so why would they just do this. natural landforms happen all the time. but this one just happened to be spotted by nasa. nasa always seems to be correct on their stats because they do so much research, unlike the other who just suggest that its an alien. id like to see you do as much research as nasa and give me proof of aliens, then well believe you.