in this article we can see that the author give us many reasons why venus can be a awesome and bad star . the author says that venus , sometimes is called evening star, and that is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. however, that nickname is misleading since venus is actually a planet. in the solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun. other people refer to venus as the tein of the earth because venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in the distance too. earth,venus,and mars, our other planetary neighbor,orbit the sun at the different speeds. these differences in speed means that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. the author says because venus is sometmes right around the cornerin space terms  humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on venus . after they saw that no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. they think that the issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. the atmosphere of venus is almost  percent carbon dioxide . even more challenging are the clouds if highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface , the temperatures are over  degrees fahreheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on earth. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth  such an environment would crush even a sybmarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals . venus has the hottest surface temperatures of any planet in the solar system. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most like earth . long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth . by sending humans to venus would be a huge risk because they knw that even doe they are making a space mashin they can also be many dangurous thing that can kill a human and in this article we can see that the author give us many reason and for my pinon if they ever would send someone i would like to hear their experienses .