life goes on without cars in german suburb. well at least thats what it sounds like. while the residents of vauban, germany in a community have given up their cars, paris also believes banning cars for a while would be good due to the smog. i am shocked because cars are a big help if you asked me. why do they think cars are not useful anymore? the residents of vauban, germany feel that cars are not really useful to them. as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here.most of the residents say they are much happier without their vehicles and would perfer it that way. i believe they have adapted to not depending on cars and they dont mind walking. many feel they were tense while having their cars , like it was a burden. vauban, completed in , is an exampple of a growing trend in europe, the united states and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use. vauban has been successful without cars or auto use and their encouarging others to do it to. the concept their using is not bad , but i feel auto use makes things quicker and easier. vauban, germany are not the only ones not using cars. paris has banned driving due to the smog. in my opinion paris has a great reason for banning driving , and yes because of the smog. on the other hand , paris believes the cause of the smog is because of the cars pollution. the cars are causing pollution because of the gasoline used. diesel is was blamed, diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, according to reuters. this is a valuable point that cars are not useful in paris. well if they can find a gasoline for their cars that will not cause pollution or smog , auto use shouldnt be so bad in paris. we all have different feelings about cars and auto use. in the united states, cars are a big part of transportation for us.a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and ...in other countries around the world walking and other ways of transportation works for them. such as vauban, germany they enjoy walking and dont need cars. and in paris cars were banned for causing smog and they are getting around just fine without auto use.