there were many details from the article from lukes point of veiw that supports convincing others to join th seagoing cowboys program. one detail from the story that supported it was that world war ii happed in europe. that is an important detail because during or after a war, the counrty is most likely going to be in ruins. also, in the article, it says,  many countries were left in ruins. to help these contries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined together to form unrra. unrra hired seagoing cowboys to take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. that detail is very important because  seagoing cowboys are a part of the unrra, which is a project that helps recover food supplies for countries that got destryed or maybe in a war. that is very important because those countries were left in ruins, and people were left without food. and some of those peple were already injured. another reason to join the program, is because they get to travel around the world, and have fun doing it to. this is a good reason because lots of people dont like traveling long distances, beacuase they think its boring. but in the article, it says,  luke also found time to have fun onboard., and  the cowboys played baseball volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time. that detail, supports that you can do activities to help pass time, have fun, and make to trip worthwhile my last reason to join the program is beacuse you would be helping a lot of needy people. not only does the unrra help lots of people, but so does the seagoing cowboys that come along with it. that program also helps a lot because they help feed and take care of animals that other people might not be able to. those are my reasons to persuade someone to maybe join the seagoing cowboys. if not the seagoing cowboys, then maybe the unrra. i hope reasons like these could change someones mind, and maybe help them join.