there are many different reason why people can choose to driving a car and over choosing a driver less car. there are many sides to story that you can hear but which one do you think you would choose? i think that driving a cars is alot funner, teen start driving, and its would be alot safer if we had alot more control on the car then the car doing its own thing. these are a couple of reasons of why i choose driving a car then it being driver less and the car driving me. its a bright sunny day and a teenager has started driving they want to go to the beach with friends enjoying the ride but with a driverless car you cant. for starters you need a whole lot of sensors.the sensors can take up the roof space for if they wanna go take things with them and the care would be modified alot and may be to difficult for a teenager to use. i think driving a car would be alot funner.all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires humans skills.only getting to drive the hard parts while driving can be hard and fustrating and would take the fun out of every thing.they need a whole lot of sensors. that means that the price would go up dramaticly on the cars and would require alot more knowledge to fix and to mantain for a regular house hold. if the cars computer was to brake down u cant use it at all but with a normal car you can replace cars and have it working again. the last thing i think it would be alot saffer and have faster moving traffic and going to places faster if we didnt have the driverless cars.and information systems that use headsup displaysthat can slow that cars behind and especilly get the people behind them mad because some poeple can be texting and it can be a slow process to convert to a driving state. the car can handle driving functiond up to  mph which is way below speed limit for some people and the slowest of a neighborhood can be mph. these are some of the reason why i think driving a car instead of haveing a car drive for me is better. the reasons are because its alot funner, teens start driving by learning, and the roads would be alot safer it the person driving the car had full control of it. which side would you choose?