did you know venus is often referred to as earths twin? venus is the closest planet to earth in size and it is also one of the closest planets to us in distance. however, we havent been able to explore venus because of its hostile environment. venus is a challenging planet for humans to study even though it close prximity to us. exploring venus is a worthy pursuit because it is our nearest option for a planetary visit, it would further our knowledge of the planet, and it would help us prepare for the furure. first, exploring venus is a worthy pursuit is it is our nearest option for a planetary visit. it is the closest planet to earth in density and in size. in the text it states, it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this shows that venus may have been a hospitable planet a long time ago. if scientist could explore venus they could find evidence that venus was once like earth. second, we should explore venus is it would further our knowledge of the planet. venus is one of the closest planets to us yet we do not know much about it. the article states, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. this means even though there are risks to exploring venus it would be a worthy pursuit because we would learn more to understand venus. despite the dangers of going to venus it would help scientist learn more about why venus is so inhospitable. finally, studying venus would be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because it would help us prepare for the furure. gaining insight on venus would be a challenage due to it harsh environment, but the challenge could push our limits. it cause us to create a new way of getting through the harshest of environments. the author states, the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this shows us that creating a way to explore venus now will likely help us to explore something with just as much challenge in the furture. exporing venus has dangers but it could help prepare for the furture. in conclusion, exploring venus is a worthy pursuit because it is our nearest option for a planetary visit, it would further our knowledge of the planet, and it would help us prepare for the furure. venus is one of the closest planets to us we should explore it and learn more about it. it could have been very similar to earth a long time ago but why is it so inhospitable now. exploring it could help us in the furture for other challenges.