do you think the facial action coding is  percent valuable and correct? in my personal opinion i say no. i have three reason that can explain why this technology is not valuable. i could be frowning and be happy ,but showing a sign of joy. dont always trust technology it sometimes can lead in the wrong way. im amuse that people are relying on technology to lead them in a direction that could be wrong. in the article it said  for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feelging simply by the look on her face. thats very incorrect because many times ill ask my friend how she is feeling when she looks grumpy. she would say im good with me not knowing that because me thinking her facial expression is saying something different. people ask me all the time whats wrong with me when i turn out to be just chilling. some people natural look might just be a mug. i learned that the hard way its so very true. trusting technology can give you false information. i remember this time i sprained my foot. i went to the doctor to get in xray and the xray information was showing that nothing was wrong with it for a period of time. although, im glad the doctor knew what he was doing he then figure out that the inner of my foot was spained. the bone was slightly bent and i needed time to heal it and recover. it sounds like the facial action coding system is like a xray machine. i understand that the facial action coding system is a use of technology. with that being known we can believe that the technology want always be right. you can get stuff off the internet thats not true information, but yet its a source of technology. many people just go to get there information off of wikipedia for a research project. you never know if the stuff is true because any one can edit it. so you can compare the facial action coding sysytem with gettig information off of the internet these are both sources of technology. is it a possibility that the facial coding system is valuable? yes but i wouldnt put all of my trust into it. just because im frowning dont assume that something is wrong with me. or if someone just has a mug as a look dont think that their mad. it can come back that your wrong. believeing that everything with technology is true is very false. it a good chance that the technology is off. the facial coding sysytem like a xray scanning. sometimes it can give true information sometimes it cant.