is it possible for driverless cars to have a worse impact on earth than gasonline fueled cars? although driverless cars are expected to use less than half the fuel we use now, the idea does not sound inviting. say it were storming, the power goes out, and you need supplies for your family. if you happened to have a driverless car, the satellites could go out and make it to where you could not control the energy powered car. this could result in a accident or even mulitple of them. driverless cars do not seem like the way to go. in movies, they make smart cars seem amazing and like they require less work. in reality, you would need to charge the car daily depending on how much you travel in a day. if it were battery operated, you would need to change the batteries out excessively or charge them consistantly. driverless cars arent fully developed yet and still require you to be alert so why not learn how to manually drive a car. as if the st century generation isnt already frowned upon enough, driverless cars would make this worse. nowadays, we can get what we want with the snap of a finger. everything is handed to our generation and everything is becoming more technology inclined. instead of working towards certain milestones in our life, we just skip them completely. with this type of car, a lot of people would become unemployed. there are millions of truck drivers, mailmen and mailwomen, bus drivers, etc. that would all be out of jobs due to lack of motivation for people to actually learn how to work an automobile. many of the students ive encountered today prefer not to drive because that would require learning and aquiring a life skill. another problem with driverless cars would be how distracting all the equipment involved with the cars would be. as if texting a driving isnt already a ginormus problem that has killed millions of people, without the obligation of mashing a gas or brake pedal and holding a steering wheel, texting and driving might be an even bigger ordeal. many people suffer from mental disorders that dont allow them to focus and this could cause them to miss a cue when the car needs assistance on the road. technology is not always reliable or effecient. sometimes there are glitches in the system, power outages, and sometimes things completely just shut down for no reason. if you miss a certain update for your car, you could be in the middle of rush hour, and your car be completely demolished and destroyed as well as yourself. we should not depend on technology for everything, especially when our lives are at stake. car accidents are the most probable cause of death in the united states and this problem could be solved in other ways aside from automatic automobiles. driverless cars are not a spectacular idea. they need a lot more planning and thought put into the making. another problem could be cost. most of the world is living in poverty an dwont be able to afford the latest gadget the world has to offer. i do not believe that driverless cars are a good idea. they come off as unsafe and it might not appeal to the older generations to learn how to drive all over again. driverless cars could cause accidents that could have been prevented with fuel powered cars, they are not as effecient as they sound because they require just as much electricity which is run off of fuel, and they havent proven reliable during an emergency.