imagine having a teacher that always helps you because they know how you feel about the class. well this dream might not be too far away because prefessor thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, and his colleagues have made software that can precisely calculate human emotions. this technology can be especially beneficial to us students because it conveys our exact feelings and emotions to our teachers who can then help us and give us feedback on the material. this new breakthrough in technology could mean massive changes in modern education. as dr. huang coherantly demonstrates, there is no reason to doubt that computers can accurately read your emotions. people say things like computers will never know feeling or emotions arent just ones and zeros but the facts hold true, this new mathmatically based software is both trustworthy and accurate. this new technology is a game changer because as dr. huang says, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication huang and to students that might be shy or not clear when they talk, this means that they will be heard. this means that nobody is left to figure it out on their own. as we all know, there are some teachers that are not the best. but with dr. huangs new software, every classroom could be at maximum efficiency. dr. huang ensures us that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored and that this would cause immediate action because it would then modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor huang. the time of students suffering through class is over, personalized lesson planning is in. as you reflect on this article, try to imagine how easy it would be to communicate with your teachers if they could read your emotions. new technology is the future of the classroom and as shown, it can be more than beneficial to both teachers and students when it comes to conveying emotions. nobody should have to make a big effort to tell someone how they feel, and nobody should be left behind because their teacher cant understand what they are trying to tell them.