driverless cars are an intereszting theory. the thought of someone being able to get in a car and just let it take them where they want to go is definitely appealing, but at the same time i feel that it could have some serious reprocussions. i am both for, and against this idea. i have good reason to be in the middle, too. theyre convinient but dangerous. also not to mention theyre going to need a new system despite our advancing technology. plus, what would we use as fuel for them? firstly, driverless cars, though being more convinent, could end up being a major safety hazard to those who are still pedestrians. having a self driving car witch pedestrians around is like letting a wild wolf into a sheep pen. theres a chance that there maybe a casualty just as much as there isnt. that brings me to my next point. i understand that the technology we have now is absolutely outstanding as compared to what it was only  years ago, but we really need to step it up. with gps, it doesnt quite always get right on the destination. say youre letting your car drive you home. it could very possibly overshoot your drive way and pull right into your lawn that you had been slaving over getting mowed properly for the past hour and a half yesterday. i think that they need to creat a more accurate gps system, either that or create a new system all together that can detect speed, whats going on in front ofaround you, and be extremely accurate. as well as going home, going to the gas station will be a nuscience, too. and that brings me to my last point. if we were to switch to these cars, what would we use as a fuel reserve. would we switch over to electricity, since thats what the hud system would most likely use? even if we did stay on gas and greatly reduce the anmount used, the combination of all of the people who would be using them would still cause a great deal of pollution. plus people would see it as an oppertunity to get out more often without having to do nearly as much as normal. with that in mind, one would have to think, could we possibly end up causing more pollution? all in all, i think that though, yes, some of my ideas are a bit far fetched, i have a point. yes, having driverless cars is an extremely appealing idea because it would save energy. im just saying that, as there are pros to the situation, there are also cons to it, too. im staying neutral in this case. it would be great to see, but i guess time will be the ultimate teller.