throughout the article, in german subburb, life goes on without cars they are talking about certain advantages like, less air poluttion. the money running threw germany are going to better causes like placing walk aways on a main street. cars produce a gasy smoke called smog which causes air pollution, which then forces plant growers to keep there plants in a green house to keep them out out of the polluted air. emission from tail pipes not only hurt plants its also hurts animals, and if enough can hurt humans, passenger cars are responsible for  percent of green house gas emissions in europe, and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. by cutting down on car usage it can make cities denser and better walking. another advantage of cutting down the usage of cars is people can also get more exercise, witch will cause people to be happier and more healthy. the smog from cars has forced paris to enforce a partial driving ban to clear the air. if you were to drive your car on a day you werent supposed to then you would have to pay a euro fine witch is  american dollars. over , drivers in paris were fined and  people got thier car repossesed. due to this enforcement congestion was down by  percent in france. without as many cars highways and streets we less packed and probably less car accidents. this movement will lower air pollution drasticly and encourage more people to take a walk or take a bike ride. as years go by the number of people getting licenses are decressing and more younger people seem to be less worried about getting one. between  and  the percent of younger people driving has decressed by  percent. younger people dont really care about the features of the car as long as it gets them to point a to point b. this is good because they can make more fuel efficent cars that dont have all the speakers and lights. they can just focus on the reduction of air pollution. if they start to make the prices of electrical cars more cheaper they can probably start a movement that will alot of people to switch from gas powerd to battery powered. which will also decrease the amont of air pollution. with the decression of cars being drove they can focus on improving things like bikes, bike trails, and smoother side walks. this will make more people to do things and the can advertise them on t. v. another advantage of limiting car usage is you might not have to pay for gay anymore, they will probably switch to hybrids. there will be charging places instead of gas stations, and it will also decrease the amount of noise the cars make. this movement probably wont fully end car usage but it will probably bring light to the things that need to happen future wise.