imagine being in a car, going to work, school, or out to eat, and not having to drive. well many car manufacturing companies plan on releasing driverless cars in the future. while these cars are not completely driverless like they suggest, they rely on the driver only in certain situations. with these cars soon to be on the market, there are many benefits these have over regular, selfdriven cars such as saved money, less reliance on the driver, and incar entertainment systems. a big part with any new technology, is the cost. with all these new sensors and gadgets placed on the cars, it is surely going to cost a good amount of money. however, in the long run, less accidents will be caused as these cars will know when to break and when to turn which can help save the money someone would need to repair their car. these new cars will rely less on the driver altogether which will limit the amount of accidents as most of the accidents are due to human faults, not the car. with this new technology, the driver can sit back and let their car do most of the work, and then grab the wheel when alerted such as in a work zone or around other accidents. while the driver is waiting for their turn to drive they cannot simply just sit there and wait or they would get borded, so what would they do? these smart cars are going to have incar entertainment systems to keep the driver amused. when the driver needs to take over, these systems are simply turned off until it is the cars turn to drive again, something not available in phones while drivers are texting. so the driver could be watching there favorite movie or playing a game, when it is time for them to grab the wheel, it will temporarily shut off, and when they are done, they can continue watching or playing. so in a way these incar systems are actually a safety feature in these new cars. some people will say that these new cars simply will not be possible due to the law. most laws are written with the assumption that a car is being driven by a human and many states have it illegal to test computerdriven cars. however, if the states that do not have a ban on these cars test them, and they work, then other states will lift the ban and laws will be made to go along with the new cars. new technology is produced everyday, and one day humans may not have to drive. if this is the case the benefits of this would include saved money, less reliance on a human, and incar entertainment systems. so do not be surprised to go out on the road tomorrow and find people watching a movie and driving a car, as this new technology, is right around the corner.