against the development of driverless cars! now why in the world would they make driveless cars? can anybody answer that for me cause i want to know and i want to know now.they cant even figure out what should help the car drive by its self.so why? why? and why? i got so many questions and one of them is.what would this car look like?would it look like an old fashion car? would it look like one of the cars from recent years.or would it just look like a disfromed car.they say they got to put this and that in the car so to me it seems like the car is going to be a weird shaped car.thats my opinion an dimma stick to it. now is this car safe?cause to me they dont know what it is.they say it could be accidents and all that nonsense that i dont want to hear.so why would i mykale want to waste money on a car that i cant controll and that i might get into an accudent with.cause i would never ever want to waste that much money on garbage cause theres no reason to.these car sthese day sare safe and i know all this.i know im not bout to to get in no reck and brake anything.because from my knowledge i know these regular cars now days is safe and are under my controll.i can controll the car the car does not controll me. a driverless car.now like i said why would they make a such thing like that.what was going through they heads when they thought about it.or did they even think on it.cause to me they didnt.cause i would never think of an diverless car.its just too much to think about to much to figure out and how much is going to be in the car how is it going ot run.how fast will it go.how far until you got to take control. if you going to make a diverless car nobody should be putting their hands on anything.to me we could be concentrated on our phones or doing some other stuff.but instead we got to pay attention the whole time just incase we got to put our hands on the steering wheel.but no! i dont want to put my hands on nothing if yall want to make a diverless car make sure yall do it right to where my hands dont have to go on nothing.its a diverless car right well get it together. we shouldnt have to look at the road the whole time.we should be able to do something and look up and not be in a car reck.the car suppose to be protecting us and steering us to our destinnation.and making sure we get there on time.if the car got to go an certain speed and it makes me late.im burning that car down for good.driverless car shouldnt be making nobody late.cause if so we can just buy a regular car and call it a day. so to me this driverless car is pointless it shouldnt never been in they heads.theres no safety no nothing.i just dont understand the concept of the vehicle.so me mykale is not on the list of buying a driverless car!