for all these years there has always been an advancement in technology. google cofounder sergey has always been around technology. google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. i honestly think driverless cars are a good thing. these days there are people who text and drive and do not keep there eyes on the road, and one day they are going to regret texting and driving. these driverless cars is an extra safety hazard for these people, and if somehow or someway they still end up texting and driving and they hit someone, i honestly think they should go to prison. cars are not toys they are dangerous, and so are those people who are behind those wheels. i think all the cameras and the sensors in the toyota prius is amazing. one day it might save someones life. today people are all about privacy so they might not like that camera, but they dont realize that its not going to be used against them its there to save their life one day. the toyota prius is like a moving computer, there is so much technology in it, its unbelievable. automakers that make these driverless vehicles are bringing home the big bucks. driverless cars are so expensive because of the technology that they have in them. today i personally think that people wont buy the driverless cars because they might not like all the sensors or the cameras. there was a metaphor that someone came up with look twice save a life. i have no idea who came up with that saying, but it is one of the greatest sayings i have ever heard when it comes to driving. automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. telsa has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  of the time. that is crazy! i couldnt imagine what cars would be like in  years. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . that is in , could you imagine what cars would be like in . so if you were to ask me how i felt about driverless cars. i would smile and say they are the best thing ever invented. they alert drivers when they need to take over and they made a track to run test on these driverless cars. when they ran test at this track for the driverless cars the track was embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. engineers at berkeley tried something similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity. the car read the positive and negative polarity as messages in binary code. these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. i think all this technology that they have to offer us is amazing, and i think if we didnt have it i think there would be more crashes. which leads to more people dieing. so how i feel about driverless cars i love them!