is technology that is used in the classroom good for identifying facial expressions of students useful? computers in the classroom that have the capability to identify whether a student is actually paying attention and to when they are bored or uninterested, is something that i think is a good. putting all this techonology to work that we have could be beneficial in the classroom. the software can tell even by a painting how the person is feeling. shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry.the software identified how the mona lisa was feeling just by detecting her muscles in the painting. the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face... the software begins by taking a picture of your face and then constructing a d model of it. next, the software takes a closer look at your face. ...all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. the software constructs the d model into your facial expression and then it runs it by the  basic emotions.  eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness... by putting your d face through the facial identifying portion and identifying your emotions. now, in the classroom this would be very beneficial. ... we humans perform the same impressive calculation everyday. for instance you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. the software can do the exact things that us humans can do. just by looking into the camera lense the conmputer software can identify how i am feeling. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then i could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. by using this software in a classroom the software can modify the activity to make it more fun for the students. for now the software can only identify simple expressions but later on it should be able to do complex ones with new algorithms. perhaps dr. huangss emotion algorithms are a different sort of da vinci code! since most of our communication is nonverbal communication, this software could be a big help in the classroom. most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so computers need to understand that too. with technology rapidly expanding and getting bigger and smarter, it needs to understand how to recognize our human emotions and to better activities and such. in conclusion, i agree that emotion detecting software is useful in the classroom.