the challenge of exploring venus,is that how evening star,which is aslo the name for venus,it is that venus is a plant of the solar system,venus is our second plant from the sun. each mission they have done was unmanned,and for a good reason why.since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours.there might be an issue of why it explainswhy not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. the thick atmosphere of almost  percent of carbon dioxide. the more challenging is that there for,the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit,aslo the atmospheric pressure is about  times greater than what we experience in our own plant. it is nothing like we humans have encounter on earth. venus has the hossest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. venus may well once of have been the mostearth like planet in our solar system.venus might or probably have been covered largely with oceans and maybe just maybe have life just like earth has have.the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features shuch as mountains and craters. nasa solution would be to the hostille conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. they want to hover over many stroms and travel at higher altitude to fly landscape,aslo so they can aviod unfriendly ground condtitons staying out of the way. however,venus from a ship obriting or hovering above the plant safely can only provied limited insight on ground conditions. most light froms cannot penetrate the dense of the atmosphere,rendering standard form phitigraphy and videography is ineffective. resachers want to take a sample of rocky,gas or anything esle they could get on to it form a distance. therefore scientists would take the risk to get up close to it . nasa is working on other approaches to study venus. for example,some simplified electronics is made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus surface and lasted for three weeks in such conditions.they are looking at the past by telling us of how they require elections. but at the end they are still expanded to meet in the edged of imagination and innovtion.