cars have been around for a while now and have been advancing and changing each year as time has gone on. people have depended on cars to get them from their job, school, practice for a team and even to just get them to a friends house. in the earlier days such as the s to the s most cars were gorgeous works of art and had style and class and each new model looked significantly different from the last. alot more people now a days preferred those cars over the ones we have now and not just adult men from age  or above but also young teens such as myself simply because they are pretty and most of the engines have a much nicer sound to them. as silly as that sounds its the truth and basically the only reason, but the problem is that those cars burn gas like its going out of style, they are very heavy compared to modern day cars because most of them were made out of steel, they werent aerodynamic and besides the fact that they caused a good amount of pollution, they were also very unsafe if you were to get in a car crash. from then until now weve been advancing cars by making them aerodynamic, lighter weight, less gas to power them and they are also much safer. since cars have been pretty much a constant thing and being bought more and more they are starting to become a problem now. the problem is that cars have been polluting the world for a constant and long rate of time and it needs to be slowed down so that the air we breathe can start to become more pure and fresh again. im not saying that it was perfect before cars came along either because it wasnt but it was a heck of alot better then than now. now cars play a big part in not only pollution but also global warming which needs to stop. a world without cars is impossible, there will always be cars around. instead a world with a limited amount of car usage, now thats possible. i know i love cars, not all of them of course, like im no fan of a hybrid but sports cars and muscle cars catch my eye and i love hearing the roar of a powerful engine and seeing how it all is perfectly pieced together under the hood. i also love the world i live in though and i wouldnt want to pollute it anymore then it already has been but i would never want the world i love to be without the cars that i love either. thats why id be willing to stop constantly using cars for transportation and find another way to get to where i need to go. not only would the world be better without us constantly using cars but so would we. we wouldnt have to worry about reckless drivers and making sure we dont forget to put our seat belt on. fathers and mothers wouldnt have to cry at their sons or daughters funeral bacause they were in an accident. the amount of teen deaths by car crashes from driving under the influence would reduce because we wouldnt be driving nearly as much. even people with copd or aesthma would be better off because theyd be breathing cleaner more crisp air rather than what they have to breathe now. i would never want a world without cars because i love cars and i even want to make a career out of my love for them and become an automotive technicianmechanic. i still want whats best for the world i live in though and if that means less driving and more walking, jogging or biking then im okay with that. people who say they feel the same way should also take action rather than just saying it would be better they should try to make it better. i will try my best to find other ways of transportation rather than driving and i hope others will too. those are some of the advantages i can think of about limiting car usage and im more than sure there are one hundred more advantages to limiting the usage of cars but thats the best i could think of so i hope i had some good points.