the artical asked me if i could imagine a time when you no longer have to drive your car but rather that it drives its self. i can imagine a car that drives it self, i can imagine a green sky and blue grass, i can imagine just about anything. what is really posible and how far is too far? when i ask my self the same question i say yes i can imagine it but am not sure of its fact. i wonder about how the car can navitgate at night, who is responsible if a collision occurs, and how much privacy is lost when driving one of these self driving cars. the car that can drive its self sounds right out of a cartoon or some kind of science fiction book and it makes me conserned about how relivent it would acualy be on the streets in the real world. how can i feel safe in a car traveling at high speeds on a dark night with winding roads, and the chance of a wondering animal or person to cross the path of the self driving car? in my eyes our technology needs to drasticaly improve before self driving at night is thing that these cars do. i the car crashes for any reason who is reponsible for the damage of life that may had been taken? their will need to be a fully functioning self driving car no assistance needed, so good the the probibility of a crash is small as getting struck by lightning. until this thing is thuroughly fool proof they shouldnt be able one public road, street, ave, or any other driving path. they say the confusion could posibialy be stopped by putting a camera in the car showing who was in control of the vehical at the moment of the crash but hoe much of the story would that tell? for me the idea of being watched by cameras through out the car is enough to lose my attention completely. i feel very stongly about personal privacy and would not want to be watched by complete strangers every time i am in my car. these cameras may be helpfull if they are only on at emergincies to help with understanding what has happened, but wouldnt like the feeling of being watched on my everyday comute. in all im pretty pesimistic about the self driving cars and a little curious to see if im totaly wrong or was i on to something and that these things are not the way to go. in the catigory of tough situations such as night time, collisions, and privacy improvement is necicary for the self driving cars to become a reality. i am looking forward to seeing how the self driving cars do and hope that the bugs get worked out so that self driving cars are a reality and its not something i just imagine is real and well.