in todays modern world, new inventions are shaping our daily lifestyle. cellphones took over meeting personally, calculators took over long divison, and cars took over walking from point a to point b. no one really thought how dependant our world would be on this newage technologies. our ancestors certainly didnt have the latest smartphone or a brand new mercedes in their driveway. so what made our generation so materialistic? the necessity of a brand new car, or any car for that matter is slowly diminishing, and more people are getting back to using other forms of transportation. the limiting use of cars is super beneficial to the environment, your familys budget, and can bring better social opportunities. the use of cars has both positive and negative effects. car usage has a massive impact on the environment, not just in your community, but worldwide. as we all know, global warming is an international phenomenon that is nipping at our toes. it is mostly caused by pollution and the dissolvement of the ozone layer, which protects our atmosphere. gas emissions from tailpipes cause a great amount of greenhouse gases to disperse. in europe, cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions elizabeth rosenthal source . in the united states, the grenhouse gas emissions are  caused by passenger cars rosenthal source . that means everytime you get into your car for a cruise, you are harming our environment. trapped car emmisions combine with the warm weather layers in the air to form smog, which is greatly affecting the french capital, and beijing source  duffer. to help prevent these emissions from getting worse, or causing greater harm to our environment, some cities have started a carfree zone, in which no one is allowed to own cars or use them and even park them in their driveway! source  rosenthal. by creating or participating in a limiting use of cars you can help preserve our beloved mother earth. every year old dreams of waking up to their brandnew car waiting for them in the driveway. but demographic studies recently show that there has been a large drop in the percentage of  year olds getting licenses. source  rosenthal. this decrease is proof that less and less people are interested in owning cars, and even worse, driving them. this doesnt seem like a bad idea, due to the fact that the limited use of cars can save you and your family a great deal of money. new cars are approximately ranging from , to ,, with a monthly payment of about . a gallon of gas usually lasts about a week and a half and costs an average of  to fill up. in a month, a typical family spends approximately  a month solely on car expenses. by choosing to involove yourself in smart planning, which is the seperation of suburban life from auto use source  rosenthal or by using other means of transportation like public buses, trains, bikes, and the sharing of taxis, your household can save a good amount of money. in modern families, not only has the overuse of technologysocial media taken over the traditional family interaction, but also the overuse of cars. in most households, where the teenager has a vehicle, heshe mobilizes themselves away and out with friends. everyone ends up in different parts of the town, the mall, a restaurant, or at home. if the use of cars is limited, either in a town like vauban germany, where no one uses cars, or in a city like bogota colombia, where families use multiple seat bicycles to visit parks and spend time together source selsky, your family can make up for lost time and completely forget about going off on their own. not only will the days without cars benefit your family but also your social life! a date to biketour the city at night is much more enticing and luring then a plain date to the movies. if you need a car, for any reason, whether it be work, or vacation, rental car services are a much better and cheaper option then using your own car. the innovative programs like smart planning, discussed in in german suburb, life goes on without cars , and the day without cars celebrated in many colombian cities like bogota and cali, discussed in andrew selskys carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota can provide a interactive and enjoyable lifestyle without the hassle and stress of cars. not only will your familys social life benefit but also your households economy! the limiting use of cars can help you or anyone save money without paying those hefty monthly bills, as implied in source  the end of car culture . last but certainly not least, by reducing your car dependancy, you can help protect the environment by stopping the greenhouse gas emissions from your vehicle, as explained in source  paris bans driving due to smog . overall, the limited use of cars is beneficial in numerous ways, and hopefully will be exercised much more.