have you ever wondered how people were feeling emotionally? profesor thomas huang of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, working in collaboration with profesor nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam paragraph . these two scientists are working on a software that can recognize emotions. this software could change the world in many ways. this interesting software could help create better ways for humans and computers to communicate with one another. in the article it states, dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate paragraph . i believe that this technology will improve the world. there are thousands of murderers and testifiers that take tests to see if they are lying. with this emotion senser software they will be able to calculate more accurately. when the bad guys are behind bars the people are safest. the design of this software will be like nothing seen before. the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model move like human muscles paragraph . this quote may sound really desturbing, but it will change the world. there are millions of hackers world wide and the question is does this make our identify safe or are we at more risk? in most cases you have to give a little to get a little. yes there are terrible things that could go wrong with this software, but i believe its for the greater good. even without this software today we can still tell how the people around us are feeling but looking at their facial expressions. in fact, we humans preform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by simply by the look on her face paragraph . i value this techology for all the good it will do in order to get the bad people away from the good. after reading this very interesting article making mona lisa smile i stand to value this software for the future. there are so many wonderful things this software will be able to. either by helping with murder cases or just knowing how someone is feeling. it is so amazing that these scientists are coming up with this fantastic software. i can not wait to see what they have in store for the world itself.