what would our country yet the world be like with driverless cars ? having driverless cars would have both positive and negative aspects . driverless cars would be positive aspects due to the fact that they use half the feul of todays taxis , they offer far more flexibility than a bus would , and many other aspects . driverless cars would have negative aspects do to the fact that the driverless cars can not navigate work zones or go around accidents without a driver . my first reason , that they use half the feul of todays taxis , is because who wants to keep causing global warming by the gases that come out of your car ? in order to even have driverless cars we have to have an earth to keep them on . global warming is basically over heating our earth and is caused by many things including the gases that come from cars . using half the fuel of todays cars for a far more better transportation sounds pretty good to me . my second reason , they offer far more flexiblity than a bus , is because buses have certain routes and they hold more than one person . i assume that the driverless car would be a mix of a bus and a taxi not physically though . meaning it would pick you up wherever you are like a bus and taxi but it would drop you off at an exact location like a taxi . only its a far more upadated version meaning its takes half the gass we use not  can do  go more places then buses . but driverless cars have some negative aspects as well . one reason that they are negative is because they cant navigate work zones without a driver. so if your riding in a driverless car it doesnt know where work sites would be causing traffic jams and maybe even crashes . everyone wants to know whether their drive home will be safe or not . because there is no way for you to inform a driverless car that work zones are ahead if they dont have a driver . last but not least a driverless car is not able to go around accidents without a driver . this means that the driverless car would either do three things if confronted by a accident . it would either cause a big traffic jam , cause another accident , or even cause angry citizens . everyone knows an angry citize is not a nice citizen. then if there is already a traffic jam due to the first accident and a driverless care cant get around it , that would cause a huge traffic jam . all in all those were my reasons why driverless cars are both positive and negative aspectd . the positive aspects would be that it uses half the feul of todays taxis and it offers far more flexibility than a bus . the negative aspects would be that they cant go around work zones or accidents without a driver .