cars, they are used for many purposes including taking the kids to school, going to work and many others but have you ever thought about what vehicals are doing to the earth or the people on the earth? well cars have to use gasoline or diesel to move that is just how it always has been but these fossil fuels are actually poluting the earth, and making the air we breath very smoggy. if we can limit our usage of our cars there can be many advantages including having cleaner air to breath, more excercize, and also less expenses. humans could survive without cars if we give it a shot. take a deap breath outside, what do you smell? listen, what do you hear? cars honking? a loud engine of a diesel truck? well most likely because cars have been around for a long time and without them how would people get to work or school, but have you ever thought about what these cars and trucks are letting out of their tailpipe? source  in german suburb,life goes on with cars says that there has been a huge imediment to curent efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes these greenhouse gases are clogging up our atmosphere and our air. without cars air pollution would go down emensly, and would be a big advantage. in paris there has been nearrecord polution paris bans driving to to smog by robert duffer. now a days when people hear excersize they would run and hide but its mostly because we have all these vehicals that can take us places without the dreaded walking or running. americans today can get a cheeseburger in minutes through a drivethru in their vehicals but have you ever imagined life without a car, in columbia on  the day without cars as said in  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogata by andrew salsky columbians hiked, biked, skated...to work during a car free day and even parks and sports centers also have smooth sidewalks which has dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants...have cropped up the car free day has made excersize a little easier, and now with smoother side walks and more sports centers people in columbia can have more opportunities to take a walk. when you have a car its not unusual to have to go get gas atleast once every one or two weeks, but these expenses can pile up when you have to buy gas or even the oil change of your vehical. what if you get in a accident will your insurence cover it, cars and trucks take a lot of expenses and it can be hard to pay for it all and when president obama gave the ambitious goal to lesson the greenhouse emissions last week americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by the end of car culture byelisabeth rosenthal. the usage of less cars can has a great advantage on your wallet. as said in the end of car culture pedestian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and piblic transportation traffic are woven into a commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected networkto save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. limiting your car usage can have many advantages including making earths air cleaner, creating a way for more excersize, and also less expences. cars will still be in use but maybe we can limit it to only a few.