as a result of the decrease usesage of cars over the past years. people have found it to be beneficial to use other means or tranportations such as bikes,walking, or even taking a public tranportations. not only is it more excercise to walk or ride a bike rather then to take a car and getting to your destination faster,but it can cause less pollution on the earth then their is already. other reasons to give up on your cars like it said it source  its less traffic out during busy days. source number  was saying that they made a deal or law is you call it to fine the drivers that drove during the day,they were to leave the car at home and take other means of tranportation to get to their destination. many people didnt like it so thy complained and got their car inpunded for a day due to complaing. they were tying this beause they use diesel rather then gasoline it makes about  of france .it can be done in bigger states or cities like it showed in sourve  colombia had a population of over  million people but they tried it and yet many people liked it even when bad weather showed up they didnt seem to mid it and fot the others they were fine a total of  if the droved anywhere that day. so over all limiting the car usage is helpull by casusing less trafiic in busy streets or places . other then the usage of less car the companies had complain that many people are buying less cars now that some people rather walk or bike then to buy a car and waste money on gasoline,and repairing the damages that might come to the car. it not only safes money for people but its more then ever safer for children to be out playing and less people behind the wheel of a car and making parents much more comfortable and less worried. like it said in source  that many people started to actually like the new way things were working now that less people use cars and its safer and causes less polluiton to the world by doing so. as a result limiting the usage of cars can have a huge impact on someone regular life that use to driving everywere,and to all of a sudden stop using cars. their is more impotant reasons to limit car using such as its safer for people,less car accidents ,safes money ,less pollution on the world, and last but not least it safes time.