can cars really be driverless? this article gives us information on the science beneath the production of the driverless car. the car has some ups and downs to it, however, the technology is becoming more and more advanced and understood as we go throughout the years. the driverless car has some great advantages to it. in the s general motors created what they call a concept car that only ran on a special test track. the track had embedded eletrical cable which sent radio signals to the car. the technology put into a car has a dubbed lidar, which uses and constantly updates a d mode of the cars surroundings. the combination allows the driverless car to be able to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. the car manufacturers are considering putting cameras in the car to watch and make sure the drivers are still aware of what is going on on the road. however there are still some downfalls to the driverless cars. although they have figured out how to make it to where the car can drive on the freeway hands free and be able to park hands free, you are never really not driving the car. a comon question asked is wouldnt the driver get board wating for their turn to drive? well you have to be in full alert even if you are just sitting in the car. they have created technlology to where the person sitting in the car will get alerts when they need to take over. say the car is on the freeway and it comes to a work zone. the car will send an alert telling the driver to take over. driverless cars are on a great road to becoming something great. they may not be able to drive completly on their own yet, but they do have a car that can drve  percent of the time on its own, and the car manufacturer is tesla. although it may not be the top of the line yet, it is still a great accomplishment. not having to actually physically drive unless needed to, the driverless car is great in many ways. the advancement in creating the driverless car has come a long way. from just using a concept car on a special test track to actually being able to go on the roads. many people may not like the car because it cant drive completely on its own, but its just the begining. there is still more to come in the great development of the driverless call.