do you ever wonder how your student is doing in the classroom, or if they actually get what the teacher is teaching them? well now you can thanks to the new technology called the facial action coding system, which detects facial emotions. i feel that we need this technology in our schools to help students actually get what they are being taught. this new technology can detect weather the child is into what they are learning or if they are bored and can change the subject depending on his or hers emotion. not every student has the same intrests, for example on kid might love football while his bestfriend loves horseback riding. this is the same thing as school subjects, and how students learn way different. we need this new technology in schools to help kids learn in the way they want to learn it. this is now possible because of the facial action coding system. in the article making mona lisa smile the facical action coding system was able to detect emotions on the mona lisa painting. mona lisa was  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful and  percent angry. how does it know all this? with a d structure of the face the model of the face the  muscles of the face must move like human muscles. this information is in paragraph . after the computer has scanned the model they rely on a psychologist to figure out the rest based on the expression of the face. alot of things can be detected by facial expressions, and it can help us understand why people act they way they do or feel the way they do. like i said as for students if it can detect wether they are happy or bored with the lesson it can also change the question that doesnt make them bored so they actually like learning. this is why i think all schools need the facial action coding system because it can help students learn more in the classroom without having to learn about stuff they arent really into. this technology also gives them a chance to learn subjects in the way they understand learning it. hopefully one day the new technology the facial action coding system will be in schools helping students learn they way they need to. we have the technology we might as well take advantage of it!