the trip to venus have you ever been looking up in the sky and see somthing that youve never seen before? well thers a good chance that was venus. venus is the one of the neighboring plantets next to earth and also the most simular. in  the challenge of exploring venus the author talks about how nasa has been studying venus and there plans on it. first of all, venus is the second planet from the sun and is somtimes called the evening star. in the passage the author tells of how venus is called earths twin because of how simular both a made, with both of them having around the same size and density. next, the author was able to tell why getting to venus was the actuall hard part. venus has been hard for nasa to figure out mainly because of its atmosphere and ground conditions. in the story the author describes how venuss atmosphere is mainly made up of carbon dioxide and that the clouds on venus are made up of sulfuric acid which is corrosive. then if you where to make it to the ground the avergae temperature is said to be around  degrees farenheit. so thats why in the passage he described venus as inhospitable. finally, nasa has been trying to make trips to venus but most dont make it through the atmoshere or only last a few hours on the ground. but as said by the author nasa has been brainstorming ways they could get to venus and collect data. one idea mentioned by the author is that nasa would to make a blimp like object that houses people in it to hover above venuss atmoshpere making them unharmed while they collect data. another idea is that they would use technology back from wwii which didnt use electronics but gears so that putting that on venuss atmoshere wouldnt break down as fast due to its conditions. in conclusion, the author states good evedince that in the future we might be able to know more about venus and maybe even send people there. with knowing more about its physical properties nasa might be able to do more missionss there and maybe even send a person there.