over the years people have advanced technology and produced new technology. one of them is the facial action coding system. this software is a new software to detect the emotions from someone. this software can detect the emotions of a student when learning a lesson from a computer. i believe this new software is not as vaulable as it seems in the article for it to be in a classroom. in my opinion, i think the facial action coding system is not as valuable as it sounds as described on the article. if a teacher really wants to know the emotions of a student then just ask the student, using the new software on someone is not necessary. in paragraph  it states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor, a computer analyzing your face to know your emotions without the permission of the student is kind of invasion of privacy. what if the student doesnt want the computer to recognize what the student is feeling. also why have a computer teach a lesson when for many years the teacher is always the one teaching in front of the class. if a student is confused, that student can just raise their hand and have the teacher help them right there or what if the student has a question, the facial system is not going to know that the student has a question because it only recognizes emotion, it doesnt read your mind. either way the emotions of a student is not going to matter when your learning, its not important to know someones emotion, the only thing that matters in a classroom is for the students to pay attention and learn from the teacher. the facial action coding system is also a waste of the schools money. in the short paragraph before the first paragraph it says, ...applications for a variety of industries. meaning that the people who made the software are of course selling the system to other industries. so that means they are also going to sell the system to the schools which im sure is a lot of money. instead of schools wasting the money on that system they could be using that money for better lunches, computers, ipads, prom, etc. in conclusion, the facial action coding system is not as valuable as it seems to be in the artical to be put in classroom computers. the new software is neither important nor necessary. the only important thing in a classroom is that the students pay attention and learn. if a student is confused they can just raise their hand and will get help and if the student is bored then there is nothing you can do, a student is always going to bored. and also the system is a waste of money when you buy other things way more important and is very necessary.