i think the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. it could be very useful for teachers when they are teaching a new lesson. it can also be helpful by using it see what emotions other people are actually showing. here i will tell you why this technology is valuable to classrooms and maybe more. firstly, it can be helpful for teachers in the classroom. the technology can identify what emotions the teachers students are feeling about the lesson. i know this because the article states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. this can help students who are either, too afraid to ask for help or those who are, too shy. this technology can help the teacher notice that the lesson is either, too hard or too confusing for their students. this leads to making the lesson easier to understand for those confused students. i know this by the article stating, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. secondly, this can be used to identify other peoples emotions. sometimes we question if politicians or celebrities are actually sincere and truthful about the expression they are showing on camera. well, this technology can help us out. i know this by the article stating, they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. faces cant lie. according to the article it states, to an expert, faces dont lie.. it also states, ... these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling polictician or celebrity isnt being truthful. which this can help us with voting for politics. in conclusion, i think this technolgy to read students emotional expressions is very vauble in a classroom. it can help teachers understand and clear things out for the students. it can also help some students out when they are either confused about the lesson or shy and afraid about asking for help. it can be valuable in politics, too. like, indicating whether the expressions they show us is truthful or not. this is how i think this technology to read emotional expressions is very valuable whether its in a classroom or not.