on the th of may in , twenty five years ago somehting had happened around mars. nasa sent viking  to circle the planet to take picture, record data, and searching for possible lasing sites for its sister ship viking . but on it voyage it spotted a figure shaped like a human face. this was a start to see if life on mars was even possible. as nasa did research on the figure they ran tests, and did many other things to collect data form the subject. they unveiled the image for people all around the world to see. and that wasnt exactly a good idea. it caused many complications and conflict. but that didnt stop us from doing more research with the figure. yes, some scientists believed that face resembled or was an alien artifact. but our proof, such as pictures, data, and many other things object that matter. the mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time and snapped a picture of the human faced shaped object, in the article it states thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. thsi revaeling that nasa, the mars global surveyor, and many other people have proof to disagree with the argument. but everyone has a right to have their own opinion. even though another pitcure was taken proving that the artifact found is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. as many other scientists have figured out. in addition to the stated proof above, many people disagree with us. the scientific facts are not enough for people to believe. so even after the pictures were taken and the evidece was proven many were still not satistifed. only becasue the face of mars is located  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april, producing a thin wispy layer of clouds that you had to peer through to see the face. so others controdicted and thought perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. but they have a right to think this. but nasa and many other scientific people have took the time to find the answers. they came up with reasonable, testable answers that can be proven to be right. the face is in deed just a natural land form. i hope that the peope who are reading this can take time to reconsider the other outcomes of this shadowy human shaped face figure and think about the data and answer that were found and see what others went through to prove that their case was a true form of evidence proving what they think this figure is. thank you. and please reconsider, and give an effort and try to understant that the face is just a natural landform.