the challenge of exploring venus is a list of facts, reasons, and statements about venus. the author believes that exploring venus would be a good idea. he talks about how  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. that would be the closest thing to earth in our solar sytem that we may be able to explore. now the challenges of exploring venus are that there is a constant temperature of around  degrees fahrenheit always on the surface of the planet. there are clouds covering venus that have high amount of sulfuric acid in them, the planets surface is covered in  percent carbon dioxide. if we want to explore this planet were going to need to find materials that can withstand those horrible conditions. the last recorded spacecraft on venus only lasted  hours. despite the dangers that come with all of this planet, if we could find a way to explore this planet safely and get gas and rock samples that could tell us a lot about this planets past and if it was similiar to earth. the technology that we need to explore this planet with we are still yet to find a perfect solution to, we are chipping away at it slowly and finding new ideas that could get us there eventually. this new material that is made out of silicon carbide has been tested in the chamber and has lasted three weeks in conditions like venuss, that is just getting one step closer to something that could last a long time on the surface of that planet. the harsh temperatures and gases are something that a human can survive through but we need our technology to get through it too. weve used electronic computers in space travel since they would have been able to be used in spacecrafts. the idea is to use a older device that runs off of gears and bearings that can with stand the elements because electronic computers are so delicate they wouldnt last very long in those enviroments. if we are able to find materials that can last long enough to try and get samples that would be our best bet, our first idea is to stay at around  miles above the surface of the planet. temperatures would still be around  degrees fahrenheit but we have materials that can withstand those temps. since the surface of venus is so cloudy our photograpy methods wont work to really see the surface of that planet. we need to find all the materials and new technology before trying to do something that we havent been able to do successfully yet. i think that looking at everything we want to accomplish with venus as a many many steps so we can accomplish it succesfully and be prepared for anything that were to come at us in a mission. i do believe that with the right amount of thought, time, innovation, and energy put into this that it could be something that would be accomplishable. having the technology to be able to land on venus and take gas, rock, and sediment samples we can learn a lot about the planets past and maybe find something new. i do not believe that this idea is farfetched i believe that it is something accomplishable.