the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. under the electoral college, voters vote not for the president, but for a state for electors, who in turn elect the president. the main problem with this is that most of the time voters are oblivious to who their electors vote for. in some cases, faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party candidate and cast a deciding vote for whome ever they please... the states pick the electors that vote for us citizens. sometimes the president doesnt even get the most popular vote, but they recieve enough electoral college votes, is this system a scam? many accross the world believe this is true, you wanna know why? during the  campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. how whould these voters know who to vote for if they didnt have any idea who was running? they didnt! people are getting worried and starting to get upset, many asking questions to the public, only to be hushed by the government. the main question everyone wants to know the answer to and are asking is when is this whole syatem going to fall apart at the seam? some even believe the election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe. is the electoral college system ever going to change? there are a couple reasons for retaining the electoral college despite its lack of democraic pedigreeall are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons. despite the reasons the electoral college is still the unfair, outdated, and irrational system it could be. in the facts i have presented, i believe that we need a change in many of our systems, today the most needed change is the electoral college system. many of us dont realize, but sooner or later this can come back and bite us in the butt. as so they say. voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. . . .