whether if its a law in a country, the source of pollution or the cause of deaths, the usage of cars have its disadvantages and have been limited. however, driving cars have its advantages when individuals limit the use of it. using cars to reach a destination causes pollution according to experts, who are correct. according to paragraph , experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions tailpipies...passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. because of this there has been efforts in the past two decades to make cities safer and easier to breathe in. a city that faces these pollution problems is paris, which made authorities to prohibit driving. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. this is the right thing to do because after this law was implemented there was less congestion. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog. pollution also has more of an impact depending on the tempertaure and day. cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layers of air to trap car emissions. also there are cities where using cars are near impossible, because of the laws that the governmental officials had enforced. an example of a city with these laws is vauban, germany. street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of freiburg, near the french and swiss borders. vaubans streets are completely carfree. however, there are advantages when individuals drive less. owners of the public transportation have taken action. they subilminally convinced drivers to reduce pollution and dangerous accidentals by offering free transportation. public transit was free of charge from friday to monday. when this was taken into action, smog was cleared in cities. the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. when individuals drive less they are exposed to new activities that they have never experienced when driving. people can experience activities in places such as in bogota, colombia. in a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. the main goal for this was to advocate other transportation in order to reduce pollution. there are also other factors that can substitute the place of driving. a suggestion was made by mimi sheller, who is a sociology professor at drexel university and director of the universitys policy center and mobilities research. she said that the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. also that the rise in cellphones and carpooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangments, including the evolution of shared services for getting to work. bill ford, who is the executive chairman of the ford motor company has also suggested factors for safety and transportation. he proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. using cars for transporation is mostly a problem, even if authorities have enforced a law for it, if it causes pollution or even danger in cities. but, it can only be a good thing if individuals are limiting the usage of it.