venus, a planet that is referred by other people as the evening star or as earths twin. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size with a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide,clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric adid in venuds atmosphere, temperture averaging over  degrees farenheit, you see venus has conditions thare are far more impactible then anything a human ecountered. venus has the hottest surface tempertaure of any plantes in our solar system. venus atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience, previous missions to send a spacecraft to mars were unsuccesfull not surving more then a few hours. why scientists are even considering to try to go back to venus is astronomers are fascinated by venus and think it may well once have been the most earth like planet in our solar system .venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could,ve have supported various forms of life just like earth. the plantet has a surface of rocky sidemet and includes fiimiliar features such as valleys,mountains,and craters similiar to earth. venus could be our nearest option for a planetary visit . nasa has one compealing idea for sending humans to study venus that solution will be venus would allow scientists to float above the fray a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out their way. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus for example some simplified electronics made a silicon carbide that has been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. nasa is looking back at old technology called mechanical computures these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. with all these modern tech that we have and are making we will have a solution to survive the conditions of venus. taking risks is needed in this expedition like how in parargraph  it says humans has sent numerous space crafts to land on this clouddraped world . we are preparing ourselves so space crafts will land on venus for hours the authors opinion in studying venus can have a good outcome we have already kinda have solved a solution for venus conditions said in paragraph   some simplifies electronics made of silicone carbide have been tested in chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted  weeks so landing on the venusand surving the conditions is very possible. nasa has created a possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray all said in paragraph . venus is thought to have been covered largely with oceans and coudl have supported various life forms the planet has features like valleys,mountains,and crates similar to earth all in paragraph  too so why not take the chance and look more into venus, venus could be the planet where we will have the chance to land on and explore to see if there is other life forms or to find new ways to have the chaance to even live there.