do you think going through extreme dangers just to study venus is worth it? venus is sometimes called the the evening star. venus is one of the brightest points of light in the sky. why would scientist wanted to explore and study another planet when they havent even completely explore the planet where they live on? first of all, venus is the second planet from our son, while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved to be a very challenging place to examine closely. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. venus has a very dangerous atmosphere and surface. venus condituion are highly dangerous its impossible for human to even get close to its atmosphere. secondly, given the facts that venus has such critical living condition considering its surface temperature reach over  degrees fahrenheit and has clouds of higly corrosive sulfric acid. why would scientist still want to explore venus. our current technology will not let us enter venus atmosphere. even if astronauts manage to bypass venus atmosphere how would they even get to the ground, venus surface temperatures are extremely high. its impossible for humans to get venus surface. lastly, instead of wasting resources on exploring new planets and trying to get to their surface, why dont scientists waste those resources in exploring and discovering more of our own planet. more than half of our planet is filled with water, and we havent explore a big part of it. there must be a lot of new materials and resources out there ready to be explored but scientist are wasting resources on trying to explore a planet. why dont scientist try to solve the problem with global warming. those resources scientist are using trying to explore a new planet cab be used to solve problems here on planet earth. in conclusion, thats why i dont think going through extreme dangers and risk just to only study a planet where its not posibble to live in is worth it. lets use our resources to solve problems here on planet earth instead of using them for trying to explore planets.