i am against the development of driverless cars. i dont think they should develope thesess cars becasue, they still need a driver, they cause an issue with the law and they are inconvient. the driverless cars this passage is referring to still require the drivers full attation and gidence. the passages states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skill, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. from this statementwe see that the car needs a human to do difficult task that teh drivers are trying to advoid. the smart cars are new to the world so there are not to many laws about them creating an unsafe enviorment. the artical states,  as a result, in many states it is illegal even to testcoputer driven cars. there are four states including the distric of columbia that allow smart cars. the text also states,  if the technology fails and smeone gets hurt who is at fault teh driver ot the manufacturer? this brings up a new problem. there will be endless amounts of cases having to do with recks. today with human driven cars the driver is to blame for an accident that leads to the injury of smeone eles. there is no confussions on the matter. the text states, wouldnt drivers get bored waiting there turn to drive? if the driver is just having to wait for something to happen so they take over they will loose concertration. people to loose track of what tehy are doing while driving making it to where they dont have to is not such a good idea. the text also states, the car can handele driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but specile touch sensors make sure teh driver keeps hold of teh wheel. if the driver must keep hold of the wheel the whole time it would be like they are driving the car themselves, giving no reason for the car to be ran by a computer. i dont think they should contiune with the development of the smart cars. they still need a driver, they cause issues with the law, and they are inconvient.