a coding system that can identify facial expressions of a person, how crazy. prof. thomas huang of the university of illinois and prof. nicu sebe have created a coding system that can not only identify human emotions put on a painting. using this technology in the classroom would be valuable to not only the student but the teachers the classroom. using this coding system would be helpful to the students. for example, in paragraph six, it states, the system could tell if a student was getting confused or bored in class, then it could modify the lesson. using this method could get students more involved in the lesson by making it easier to understand or making it more fun. making it easier to understand could help the students learn the material faster and could possibly increase the students grade in the class. making it more fun could get the students more involved in the lesson by asking questions about the lesson. this technology could also help the teachers. in paragraph six it states that the technology can modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. using this system could help a teaher with their students because they cannot pick out the exact muscle movements of certain emotions the coding system can. for example, in paragraph three it states the operation and process of the sytem. first, it constructs a d computer model of the face, then it observes the fourty four major muscles in the of the face of the model. when it is looking at the model it is looking for an action movent. an action movement is one or more muscles moving. different combinations of the different muscles in the face create different emotions such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. how this would help the teacher is it could look at more faces faster than the teacher and it could pick out the slightest emotional change in a student. then the system could modify the lesson to keep the students interested in it. finally it would help the classroom. in paragraph nine it states that empathy or the feeling someone elses emotional state. may happen because we unconsiously imitate another persons emotions. this could effect the classroom. for example, if one student is sad their friends would try to comfort them and the might become sad too. is a student begins to laugh they might cause other students to laugh. having this coding system in a classroom could alert a teacher if a student is sad, so they can handle it so other students dont get upset. this could help keep the atmosphere of the classroom positive so learning can be done effeciantly. using this technology in the classroom would be valuable. from modifing the leeson to make it easier for the students to understand and helping the teacher keep their students interested in the lesson to keeping the atmosphere of the classroom positve this coding system would be valuable in the classroom.