the use of this new technology will be very helpful for many things. it will allow people such as police to tell how a certain suspect is feeling so that you may realise if they are lying or being deceitful. it will be able to determine how you feel when you are in certain situations as well as when in the eigth paragraph it states that the clues the technology will use can spot when a politician or celebrity isnt being truthful about their current situation. this new technology will also be able to revolutionize security by having you make a face to unlock a certain door or area. in my opinion this technology can be the foundations for creating fully functional aiartificial intelligence. if it is used in a restaraunt where it servers people or is a waiter, it will be able to detect if a customer is unhappy and can offer them something so that they can cheer up, or in areas such as military, it will be able to detect a war criminals face to show if a certain interogation is being efficient or not. in fields such as a medical field, it can detect if a patient is truly in pain or lying in an attempt to get a certain medication, or if a patient is feeling pain during a surgery while they are unconcious. there have been thousands of reports of people undergoing a surgey where they are supposed to be unconcious but the medicine used doesnt fully work and it paralyzes them for the remainder of the surgery, this could be used to see smaller muscle movents that the human eye wouldnt be able to recognize. the use of this new technology would be able to revolutionize our current standing and position with the creation of fully functional artificial intelligence. to conclude the use of this new technology can be used in all fields, commercial, military or medical. this is truly the next step into having ai that can be used for multipurpose across many fields. we are just a few years to a few decades of research away from having the technology to have a ai just roaming around a town to check on certain people or to watch and make sure a area is safe and if it needs to mark down a certain suspect by memorizing the subject or person face for it to be analyzed in a crime lab.