let the people vote! they know what they want, so let them have a say. let them have what they want. the state senator should change the voting system to popular vote, because youre giving the american people what they want, it gets more people to participate and vote, and it lessens conflict. to start, the senator should change the voting system to popular vote, because it gives the people what they want. if we rely on the electoral college to elect our congress, presidents, senators, or whatever then what are the people voting for? people vote for who they want, so wouldnt make sense to elect the canidate with the most votes, since thats what the people want. say there were two students running for class president, proper_name and proper_name. proper_name got  of the students votes while proper_name only got  of the students votes. in the end proper_name wins the election, because a group of teachers voted she should be president. thats how the electoral college acts, like their vote counts more then the peoples. to add on, they should change the voting system to popular vote, because it gets more people to participate and vote. many people are not going to waist their time and vote for the canidate they want, when most likely that canidate will not even get elected. this will effect the whole process, if there is a decrease in people voting. to encourage people to vote give them hope that the canidate they vote for will have a shot at winning the election. they should not have to think my vote does not matter. they should feel like they actually have a say in the election. lastly, changing the voting system to a poplular vote can lessen conflict. when people see that who they are voting has a great chance at winning, but does not get elected, lets just say there can be outbursts. people usually start to protest in what they believe is fair. to decrease insidents like this give the people a fair vote and fair election. the people should come together and fairly vote on the canidate they want to be elected. for the benefit of the american citizens, let them know they have a voice in the elections, do not take their freedom of speech away from them give them what they want. yes we can vote! to conclude the voting system needs to be changed to popular vote, because it gives the people what they want, it will get more people to participate and vote, and lastly it lowers conflict.