to promote, i would like to start off by saying i am one who is all for new technology because it is the st century after all. technonlogy has become an everyday thing such as the iphone or even somehting as advanced such as cgi movie technology. these are great attributes that will help us learn and will help our future to further develope the technology we have discovered but for something as a driverless car might be a little to dangerous for us just yet. in addition to my previoues paragraph, i will enlist you on the negative outcomes of why driverless cars. to begin the name  driverless car is a false adverstisement because these so called cars arent even  driverless. in order for these cars to work they still ahve to operated by a human being at somepoint why the car is active. in most scenarios the car can accelerate, brake, and even park itself without human interactions. for other situtaions such as construction blockinh you near by exit or a terrible wreck on your way home from the work, the cars sensors will not be able to manuerver around the problems that lie ahead so you must then take the job at the captains seat and control the vehicle yourself. already we havent even spoke about the danger of these driverless cars and we are given many reasons to disagree with its exsisitance. carrying on, cars such as the toyota prius have been driverless cars for quite some time but not everyone wants to drive a prius becaus may not suit their liking or needs. therefore with this being said this is another negative outcome for those of us who want the newtest brightest technology and are disappointed because they dont simply make the technonlogy fit our needs. also included in the prius is tons of technology such as senors for parking and close bumper action, a rotating sensor on the roof, a gps, and a rearview mirror camera. this car comes with many surprises and features that suit the tiny geeks in all of us needs. even though this car seem very safe with sensors and cameras mounted at every nook and cranny, what if we were to get into an accident and the physical features of the car were repaired but not the technological features. what would we do if we had relied on our sensors to help us brake and instead of the car breaking it were to roll back and hit someone else vehicle? also maybe the car could have a malfunction and accelerate instead brake causing an accident. who is to blame now, th ecompany who made such a safe st car or the driver who wanted to be with the new times and have the the greatest piece of technology out there on the road? with more to say, what are we do about the pricing of these driverless cars? sure they may be twenty two thousand dollars and that may be a deal with some of the customers that purchase them but what about the technology underneath the hood. such as the radar which was a hilltop program just being discovered and was a very advanced program when first sought out by sebastin thrun. he was the founder of the google project and used radar in many of his cars. what if we were to somehow damage the radard and a customer used this radar everyday because they were a business man or woman who travled day. what would they do if this two hundred million dollar piece of technology broke. of course its just the program that cost that mcuh but would the company fix it or leave it to their custmor considering its their car or problem now? in conclusion, to my rebutal of the posititve outocmes of driverless cars i speak about how if we were to even think of purchasing one of these vehicles would its phycial appearance even suit us? howevee if that doesnt change our mind about not buying one then maybe the type of protectioe it offers will because no ones wants to be hurt by something they absoulutly adore. with that being said we would most defintely not purchase such an item espeacially if the car didnt offer full coverage on it technological material because paying for an expensive car is enough, why woudl we pay for the technology they made to be fixed again because of their faulty work.