is venus worth studying? venus being earths alike twin is one of the most hottest plant on our solar system, yet not one you can visit for more than a few hours. scientist have thought about sending machines to study and deeply reasearch more about the planet venus, but venus being too hot they overthink it about the temperature and how hot it is. venus is a very hot planet that can melt anything thats metal and a humanbeing could not even survive on this planet. venus is known as earths twin. people believe that venus was once just like earth, that it was covered with oceans before it got extremely hot and became like hell because of its temperature. the the article, in paragraph , surface of rocky sediment, familiar features such as valleys mountains, and craters. there was or still are some land features on venus, but as we continued to read the article it told us that if there were any land seeking on its planet that it would be stroke by lightning. temperatures average over  degrees fahreneit, atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our planet. venus being one of the most hottest planet on the soaler system and presenting impediments such as volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightening strikes. overall, venus is known as earths alike twin. it is one of the hottest planets on the solar system, no human being could survie on it by its high temperatures. land cant be seeking or else it gets destroyed by lightning. scientist do believe that it was once like earth, and had oceans. venus being too hot and such a risky planet to explore. researchers have been overthinking and trying to invent technology thats able to resist venuss temperature. researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. nasa has thought about sending people to explore venus on a jet airplane, thats able to stay high above ground suface. reasearchers do know that if they risk and send people out to explore, it is going to be callenging to get samples of rocks, gas, or anything else from a distance.electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface, having lasted for three weeks in such conditions. venus with such high temperatures and metal not lasting long that can melt very quickly, theyve been testing, trying to get machines made out of different material so it can last on venus. in other words, venus is too hot and exposing a phone, tablet, or any electronic to acid or heat can be melted tin and no machine is resistant to such an exaggerated heat. nasa have thought and been wanting to send people to explore venus but the thought of it being too risky, dangerous is what they wonder. in conclusion, is venus worth studying? no, it is a very hot planet, thats risky, challenging, and dangerous for humans to explore. not even a machine can last on land. reasearchers have tried and invented machines to try and get somewhere, its hard for them to even get a smaple from a distance. venus is a very hot planet that can melt anything and huambeings couldnt even survive on this planet.