the future holds many great things but one thing that isnt on that list would be driveerless cars. just thinking about it brings danger, with people inside a car without a real driver can cause many accidents. in the future i feel like our death population will really rise up because of self driven cars. how are they going to know when to turn or what to do in a bad situation. driverless cars is going to be a very nad idea. why do we need driverless cars there is absolutely no point in it. just so people dont have to drive and they can be lazy. or because just in case if someone is tired and cant drive much longer. well would you rather drive your self than a robot car that for sure has no idea what other people can do. because when people drive and someone is next to them they can tell when they are shifting over but a driverless car cant because all it can do is tell whats behind and in front of it not to the sides. with this idea i am definitly not for it becasue i will rather walk it is just to dangerous and i do not want to take the chance. if they give me an oppurtunity to drive a driverless car and a self controlled one i would rather go with a self controlled one. now by the time the driverless car is invented i moght be dead. but i would rather be dead from something else than a driverless car. america has had many deaths and a lot of that is because of cancer, car wrecks, and other sickness and if the driverless car is invented i feel like it would turn into the top ten death causes. no will understand how many causes we will have with them. and im not just looking out for the people bt also google. google will be a lot of debt off because people will be sueing them all the time. before they make this a final decision they might want to look into the future because of all the teens also. teens will play a big role into that and that could cause a lot of damage. who ever made this idea is a smart person i will give them credit in inventing something that can drive itself around, but i will also give them credit when its there car that has caused the most deaths in the world. plus what if someone tells them to go somewhere and they fell asleep and didnt notice the robot went the wrong way and the person would end on the complete opposite side of a town or even a country. you never know how smart the car can be. and if it was up to me i would not be one of those people who would buy a driverless car.