in , a single image of mars taken by a nasa spacecraft blew the worlds mind. it depicted a gigantic face on mars. of course we understood that people would be shocked. in fact, we told the public that it was only a natural formation, and the conspiracy theorists came along with their new story. they accused us of hiding the fact that there was an alien civilization on the red planet, and that the picture is a monument. all we want to do here at nasa is inform skeptics that they are severely mistaken. first of all, we revealed the information because we wanted the public to be informed, and we wanted to not hide anything. all the skeptics should stop and realize that us revealing partial information is just illogical. if we revealed the picture, its because we wanted people to know about it. as we said earlier, the facetype shape is formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. we gave you the full truth. as well as us giving you full information, we actually would be glad to tell the public about ancient martian civilizations. nasa would benefit greatly from something like that. you see, we arent getting funded as well as we would like. so something as interesting as alien lifeforms would definitely get us more money to explore more. simply put, the publics thirst for exciting information would drive the government to fund us. unfortunately, the face is just a creation of nature, but well be more than glad to inform you if we ever find signs of alien life. in addition to the fact that nasa is always glad to provide information, we took very clear pictures that show just a desolate mound of rock that is naturally made. we took three pictures of the face. one was in , the next in , and the last in . jim garvin of nasa explained that the newest pictures would show things such as manmade pyramids and villages. of course, those would prove the face to be manmade as well. however, such things arent seen in any of the pictures. overall, we know that there will always be people that dont believe in the facts. however, there is solid evidence such as witnesses and pictures to back us up. they all point to the face being a natural formation. i hope that this essay has helped eliminate doubt in the public. just remember, nasa is glad to inform you of any signs of alien life when we find it.