the idea of cars that can drive themselves is truly fascinating. just being able to sit back and relax while a car takes you to your destination sounds incredible. but a question that must be asked is will these driverless cars be  safe? though the idea sounds cool, i personally am against the development of driverless cars because they may not be completely safe, and they also will lead to laziness and inattentiveness. the first and most important reason that driverless cars should be made with caution is the possibility of them being unsafe. if these driverless cars require human assistance in some situations, then humans need to be paying attention at all times. in the article the author mentions that cars will be coming out that are supposed to be driverless  of the time. this is worrisome because humans are likely to get bored the  of the time they arent driving, and may not be ready to take over in a sudden hazardous situation if they havent been paying attention, which could result in disaster. if these cars require drivers to be focused on the road, than in my opinion they are pointless. if drivers have to stay focused anyway, why not just have them control the car at all times? if driverless cars will never be able to handle any situation, than they are pointless to pursue. the second reason i think driverless cars shouldnt be developed is that people would use the time they would normally spend driving, distracted. people would use their phones, watch television, or play games, instead of being attentive and using their brain. these driverless cars would lead humans to be even more lazy than they already are. driving is a way to exercise your brain, and most people do it every day. in a future of only driverless cars, people would miss out on the daily opportunities do mentally exercise by driving. it has yet to be seen if these proposed driverless cars will become reality. personally, i think driving is fun, and i wouldnt be thrilled to see a future where everyone sits in their cars preoccupied with their phone or some other electronics, while they are shuttled to their destination.