could just a computer solve classroom confusion? new technology has been created to be able to read facial expressions. some experts think this will help to better understand individual students feelings about the school topic. or will it actually just distract the student? students are often faced with many distractions in the school enviroment. one of which being friends. friends who dont necessarily care about school can sometimes rub off on students who do care about school. which can ultimately affect how well they do in school. friends can also distract another student by talking while the instructor is going over new material. this can cause some students to miss important information and not know how to properly perfom the lesson. well wouldnt a computer sitting in front of you reading your facial expressions and adjusting the lesson accordingly be distracting? it would be just as bad as your best friend sitting in front of you telling you how you feel about the subject. not only that it would also be constantly changing up the way the lesson is explained, and ultimately causing a state of confusion for the student. another downside would be the cost of this new technology. it would cost an extremely large amount of money to provide an entire school with these facial recognition computers. not to mention, the fact that if the power goes out then how will the computers be able to operate. or if the internet connection would fail it wouldnt be able to send you the information on how you are feeling on the subject. an internet connection for all of these computers will not be cheap either. a final downside would be the uneasing feeling that you are always being watched. which may cause some students to feel nervous about how they have to do well. which may turn in to a backfire and cause them to perform poorly. now dont get me wrong, to a point it would be helpful for the kids who are shy and wont speak up in class, yet if they just spoke up and told the teacher that they dont understand the topic then the teacher could adjust the lesson. it would also make it a lot easier for a more individual approach to each kid so they could learn it the way thats best for them, but whoever said school was going to be easy. you need to learn the material the way it needs to be done and do your best to succeed in that topic. it may also cause students to not cheat knowing that they are being watched, but wouldnt you feel a little uneasy knowing that your every move is being watched? in conclusion, facial coding computers should not be used to read students emotions. as it can cause many distractions from the uneasy feeling that your being watched to having a computer sitting in front of you for most of your school day. it is a distraction and it is not going to ultimately help students.