venus is a place that all scientists these days are completely interested in. the reason why they are so into venus is because first off, how venus is called our sister planet which means that venus has some similar living conditions as earth does. for example, venus was origionally filled with mostly oceans that couldve supported various forms of life, just like earth. the planet according to the article used to or still has familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and even livingmoving creatures. which makes venus sound like it was origionally earth, but youd be worng there, because venus has extreme weather conditions such as temperature getting up to  degrees fahrenheit, or the atmospheric pressure is  times more greater than what we experience on earth. this is my story. venus is an interesting planet that scientists have been studying for generations on generations. with the information i gave from the article above would bafle any person in the world. a claim that im about to tell you will support the author of this articles idea that we should look more into venus. for example, the information i gave above in the intro are some reasons why we should look into it more. another reason why scientists should look at venus more is, because even though it had all of those similar living conditions as earth has, theres some drastic conditions thatll still make it nonlivable. some things thatll make a difference is venus weather conditions, temperature is at an average of  degrees fehrenheit. another is because the air pressure would be at the same amount earths oceans are at, which is not livable at all. and another example is that venus has extreme thunder lightning and rainstorms which frequently hit the ground and would cause a lot of fires. my final thoughts on this topic is we should study venus because even though the thing im going to give as an example is not on the article. we should study venus a lot more because, venus used to or still does have some of the same living conditions, but when the planet has storms or has other negative issues, the planet venus can get extremely violent naturally. and their weather conditions compared to ours on earth are drastic, and make our hurricanes or other form of a storm that we think is terrible and powerful which they are, will make us and earth feel incredibly weak.