i am for the use of the value of this technology being used in the classroom. i think it could help students perform better in the classroom. i think some people would find it weird or creepy that the computer could tell what their emotions are but i think it could help students and adults in school or in the workplace. it could help students perform better in school by making there work more fun or more entertaining for them. when students have to type a research paper they are always worried about how long the paper has to be or how hard of a project it will be. this can put pressure or stress on students. students wouldnt have to worry about this if the computers could recognize their emotions. in paragraph six it says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,  then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. if a computer could recognize that you are confused or bored and for it to act like a human instructor, then this would make class work a lot easier for students. if a student was confused about something and needed help but the teacher was already helping a student, the computer could recognize that you are confused and it could act like a human instructor, like it states in paragraph six, then the student wouldnt have to wait fo the teacher and he or she could get the help they need. this kind of technology could make work for students less boring. if a student has a research paper to type and is struggling to find information and then they start to get frustrated and bored because they cant find what they need. if a computer could reconize this, then it could possibly help the student find information. the computer could reconize that they are bored or struggling to find information and if the computer could somehow know what they are trying to research based on recent searches then it could pull up something similer to an add but with links to websits with information on what they are researching. the idea of having technology like this would be really useful to students. it could make class work easier and less boring for students. if a computer could read your facial expressions and could tell what your emotion is based off your expressions and then take that information to make lessons easier. i think it would be helpful to a lot of students. i think a lot of students would find this creepy at first but once they learn more about this i think it would be valued by many students. i think class work would be easier with this technology and thats why i am for the value of using this technology.