as a young child peers into the endless night sky from his bedroom window, a bright flickering spot catches his eye and leaves a single question in his mind is there anybody there? in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author writes about that same bright spot, known as venus, and explains that studying this planet will real human scientists is worth it despite the many obstacles it raises. by including staggering information of the endless hazards and later reassuring their readers with astonishing facts and likely solutions to survival, the author clearly supports their ideas very well. there may just be a chance for us to see venus as more than just a bright little star after all. initially, the author puts more focus to the first half of their claim as they describe the dangers of this notsoeasy planet. the author informs us that even mighty submarines would not stand a chance in the undoubtably strong venusian atmosphere they continue to say that most metals would simply melt under its pressure paragraph . by including such daunting information that makes human life anywhere near venus seem impossible, it can easily be seen that the author supports that venus is no cakewalk. also in paragraph three, the author includes additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes in the background of venuss already packed daily weather forecast. the author used these earthly disasters and explained how they happen regularly on venus to prove just how many abstacles there are for scientists who wish to go to the planet, furthure showing their understanding of the idea that putting humans of venus could be very harmful. thankfully, exploring this scary planet has its hopeful side. near the middle of this passage, the author begins to turn venus, no pun intended, and the conversation on taking humans there to a more positive angle. in paragraph four, the author writes about how venus most likely used to be much like the place we currently live it had amazingly earthlike characteristics like huge oceans, mountains, and possibly even life similar to ours. with such exciting facts that leave even more questions about the mysterious planet, the author is proving to us that they know venus has secrets worth uncovering. the author later tells the readers of a plan by nasa to make is possible to harbor human scientists near the venusian surface by using a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above venus..., informing that the situation would in fact be viable for life paragraph . the author showed how they highly agree with the part of their idea that analyzing venus up close should happen by giving a reassuring soulution from such a well known and trusted organization as support. exploring our planets twin seems like its not such a giant leap anymore, rather, it looks like it will only take a few small steps. keeping all of this information in mind, it is clear that the author is a firm beleiver that venus, although it has put many seemingly impenatrable obstacles in our way, is worth taking a look at with human eyes. if we follow calls to action such as this, we will put the human race just that much closer to understanding the mysteries of the infinite universe around us, but venus is a good starting point. as a young boys eyes slowly slide shut, he can still see a tiny flahing light shining through the darkness outside his window blinds he dreams of the day he can finally meet it.