in my opinion i think that it is a good idea formanufacturers to develop smarter cars for the future. creating smarter cars helps reduce accidents due to the improvements that would be added to the cars. they also allow driving to be more earsier for everyone. lastly, new and develeoped cars make driving more interesting and fun. creating smarter cars helps reduce accidents due to the improvements that would be added to the newly developed cars. google has had cars that could drive by themselves for more than half a million milles and without crashing. in the article it said, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone, which indicates that the cars are being specially made to help out drivers be able to drive better and safer. these improvements would help a lot drivers such as adding cameras to the cars so they can monitor the drivers and make sure they are paying attention. there are many reckless drivers that do not pay attention to the road and use their phones, these improvements would help save lives. if the cars would be able to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, the car would be able to drive safer than a person who is constanatly on their phonethat could cause a accident. also gm developed drivers seats that vibrate when a vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. if we allow manufacturers to develop better cars they would make driving so easier. these cars are able to handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph. these cars are made to not only help the driver but it aslo makes sure that the driver is paying attetnion so they know when to take over. these cars are made to the point where they are almost driverless. they are capable of steering, accelerating, and they are also able to brake themselves. these developed cars make driving easier because they notify the driver when there are work zones or accidents. i understand they are not capable to driving thru these occurances but since they notify the driver it helps them plan out a different route that could save them time. lastly, the development of cars would make driving more interesting and fun. many people imagine the future with flying cars and very high tech cars. we should take advantage that technology is allowing these dreams to come alive. it would be very interesting to see cars that are able tio drive themselves without human use. some developers, such as the google cofounder sergey brin, are envisioning the future with better transportation. sergey forsees that there would be cars that would use less fuel and offer far more flexiblity than a bus. i would find it very astonishing to see a car like that. being able to sit in the driver seat and just let your car drive on its own would be amazing to experience. you could be eating or talk on the phone without any concern because your car is driving as safely as it can. it would be very cool to be able to experience all these technological developments. in conclusion, i think its a great idea to let manufacturers devlop these cars. these cars would help out on reducing accidents. it would also allow driving to be more safe because you have a smart develpoment that allows th ecar to drive on its own. lastly, these cars would be such an amazing experience for the future. we have to let technology and manufacturers with new ideas do its thing if we actually want to see all of our envisions in the future. the future would be so much better, easier, and more fun if we allow the develpoment of these cars.