to the state senator of florida electoral college should stay as our way of choosing our political leaders. since electoral college avoids run off elections and it has a system of being every qualified citizens choice to pick their president. electoral college is a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and by popular votes by qualified citizens. electoral collage may have issues but it does help pick out our future political leaders from a fair distance away. in all sources what is the electoral college? by the office of the federal register, the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong by brad plumer, and  in defense of the electoral college  five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner  each sorce says that the electoral colege is a  winnertakeall system. this is true the electoral college process is a winnertakeall system yet this process helps choose during elections who will be the future president. the electoral college process helps avoid runoff elections making the decision clear who won the election. in source   in defense of the the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner , it states in reason  avoid runoff elections , it avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. to interpret is meaning that the process will always avoids the pressure of candidates not having the majority of the votes and the electoral college produces a clear winner. as in the same text it pronounces that voters in presidental elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election which means that many voters do research what candidates will do to help their every day lives and if the candidate does have good ideas about changing political ideas that may occur during their time being served. so as electoral college may be a winnertakeall system  it clearly announces our future politcal leaders by qualified citizens voting for a presidental candidate that is actually voting for a slate of electors but will eventually vote for the presidental candidate as well. as no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. the electoral college process helps qualified citizens feel like their vote matters to the election because in reality it really does. as if if the votes were based on regions it will have no opinoun the residents of the other regions are likely to feel disenfrachused  to feel that their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their interests, that he really isnt their president from source  in defense of the electoral colege  five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner.