venus is sometimes called earths twin. whyit is called that is because venus is the closest planet to earth. how venus is the closest planet to earth is because of the size and density. occcasionally it is the closest distance to earth too. venus atomsphere is almost  percent carbon. should humans study venus if even there are great dangers with it. one reason it should not be futher studided is because most forms of light cannot pentrate the atomsphere. this affects them by not being able to take pictures and or videos. what they would have to do if they cannot take pictures or videos is make a base and study venus from there. thats alot of work bringing materials up there to make a base to study venus. the point is it would be a pain to bring materials up there make a base then try to study it which they might not be able to do. second thing about venus is you cannot take samples from a distance. how are astromners supposed to get samples if they can barley see up close because light cannot pentrate the atomsphere? what are they going to do take a pick axe or a drill and just start mining. what if some piceases of the planet are explosive at they hit a part of the planet then it explodes. what are they going to do if that happens? third is why would we study the planet if pretty much we cant live on it. if the light cannot pentrate the atomsphere what are we going to do live in the dark. humans cannot live in  degrees fahrenheit unless some how they can adapt or get everybody suits to wear. astronmers say that venus long ago was coverd in lakes and mountains like earth is now. if they find that water is on venus it would be a good study if not it would not be worth it. should humans go more indepth in studying venus even though there are alot of dangers? no there are too many dangers and what could they get out of it. no matter what venus is still a planet. its just not a planet that should be more indepth in studying. there are too many dangers in studying venus.