exploring venus has its pros and cons. both have its challenges and risks. venus is a very interesting planet to study due to the fact that it is the only one like earth, but there are risks. throughout this essay i will tell you my reasoning on why the author didnt exactly prove to me that venus is worth taking risks for. it states in paragraph two, each mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in the more than three decadeas. this peice of evidence shows that venus is not a safe enviroment for electronics to land on so why would you potentially send humans to this planet even though a spacecraft couldnt surive. this statement also had no followup counterarguement there was no sentence to make me want to change my mind. it also states in paragraph three, on the planets surface, temperatures avergae over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. this piece of the paragraph again identifies the risks but now into more detail. there is no followup counterargument, so again this author is making me completely against the idea of sending life to venus. it states in paragraph four,long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. this statement is one of the only pros that i have encountered from the author so far. this makes me think that this could be a good idea, especially due to the fact that venus has some of the same features of earth. the author then goes on to say, imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as out jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. at the thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees farenheit. but the air pressure would be close to that of se level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this paragraph finally gives a safe solution to exploring venus in a habitable way. however in the sixth paragraph the author states, therefor, scientists seeking to conduct a throrough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. this statement shows how the trip to venus would be a waste of time if you cannot get on the surface. there is no point doing this exploration because any human life will not survive if you get too close to the surface. in conclusion the author did not convinve me that traveling to venus is worthy expidition. the author mainly explained the cons of the study and did not provide too many pros. the author did not support the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.