of course, many people from all over the world are using cars for everywhere they go, however elisabeth rosenthal, robert duffer, and andrew selsky agree that the reduction of the usage of cars will benifit us an abundant amount. therefore, if we all used our cars less, it will benifit our health, benifit our financial problems, and benifit our environment. duffer and rosenthal tells us about how using less cars will benifit our health. it would make us healthier by cleaning the up the pollution and smog in the air. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog..  this is saying that people in france were becoming significantly healthier in just  days without the use of cars. not only only does it make you less sick, but it reduces stress. it reduces stress because you dont have to worry about maintaining a car. when i had a care i was always tense. im much happier this way  this is saying that its less stressful not having car, and makes people happier. health is a primary factor in our lifes and taking cars away puts us in a better position. rosenthal and selsky tell us about how using less cars will benifit our financial problems. it would make us more money because they are not spending so much on gas, and components to keep the car in condition to drive. recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by  this is saying that people are not on the road alot, and if people arent on the road alot, they are not spending money. not only does it save money on cars, but it helps you use other ways to get to places that arent expensive. it isnt expensive because people can find alternatives that dont need gas, and so much maintance. in a program thats set to spread to other countires, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday..  this is saying that because they dont need to use cars and there are differerent routes to take, the need to spend money on transportation decreases. money is important to gets the necessities we humans need, so saving is a big deal. rosenthal and selsky tells us about how using less cars will benifit our environment. it would better the environment because people will learn to communicate better. likewise the rise in cell phones and carpooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of share can services for getting to work.  this is saying that people learn how to share and to help one another out. not only does it help communication, but it also helps helps people get outside and be active. it helps people get active because is they dont have cars, they have to keep themselves occupied or if they want to get to places, they have to walk, bike, etc. parks and sports centers have also bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks..  this is saying that that the city is working with the people to help make the environment a better place with no cars. the environment is an important factor as well because we have to take care of the place we live in. in conclusion, rosenthal, selsky, and duffer have shown that the reduction of the usage of cars will help us tremendously, and that having a healthier life, a greater amount of money, and a better environment will change the world.