as time progresses, more and more young people arent buying personal cars but instead use public transport or walk to where they need to go. other than the youth, suburbs have found this as a great way to destress as some cities, like bogota, columbia, have dedicated a day to stop the use of personal cars for one day. this decline of using our own cars has a positive effect on our air and the way our youth has begun to travel. people around the world are starting to make this transition from using their personal cars to using public transport or carpooling with friends. the youth today try to mange their schedules so they can find ways to use more and more of public transit. there has been a large drop in the percentage of  and  yearolds getting a license... rosenthal , meaning that most of the youth these days are finding it easier and, though a little more time consuming, less worrisome than buying or driving a personal car. it seems getting a license isnt taking top priority for the youth. in a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and ... rosenthal .whether the youth is going to start buying cars when they have children or not, it seems the general decline of buying automobiles for yourself isnt a boom like it used to be. experiments being hosted all over the world in small areas also show that using no cars is decreasing pollution and allowing us cleaner air overall. in bogota, columbia, a program that bans all cars for one day, and despite terrible weather for the third year, and it seems that people are loving it. and despite the threatening rain, the turn out was huge selsky . ...experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes...rosenthal . our personal cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and  percent in the united states where areas are heavily populated with car ownersrosenthal . numbers like this would decline over time if we start using less and less cars. maybe then wed actually have fresh air to breath rather than the polluted air we breath now. even in paris, where they have enough smog to compete with beijingduffer  they banned cars for a while. after days of nearrecord pollution, paries enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global cityduffer . as they enforced the ban, smog started to clear up around the city, meaning that no cars can really help clear up the air we breath in daily. as the air begins to clear up and our youth taking a stand against owning their own cars, it seems like this could be a steady decline of personal cars and more will start using public transport. it seems time is progressing to an age where young people dont feel the haste of using personal cars and instead resort to public transport.