technology to read students emotional expressions could be the new way to help communicate with people and even with our technology. with the new software, the facial action coding system, we can advance in so many ways with the way our lives function. our computers could be able to detect what we like and what we dont, that way we can view only what we do like and not have to view what we dislike. in paragraph , dalto demontstraits what could become of our technology, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. the new software could change our everyday lives and help simplify them as well. along with helping us with technology at home, itd be able to make our school lives easier. in paragraph , dr. huang predicts, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson,like an effective human instructor. this new software could be compared to someone is able to tell how their friend is feeling. dr, huang believes that this could even be a new electronic code, meantioned in paragraph , his new computer software stored similar anatomical information as electronic code. perhaps dr. huangs emotion algorithms are a different sort of da vinci code! if all of our computures could read our emotions, we could comunicate with our computers without a problem. in paragraph , its explained by dr. huang how that could be even remodely possible, using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. by weighing the different units,the software can even identify mixed emotions as in the da vincis masterpiece. the science of emotions have revealed so much about peoples expressions. drama classes use facial expressions to imitate certain emotions when acting to make it look as realistic as possible. in paragraph , a coach uses the technique to instuct actors, a renowned dram coach,constantin stanislavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. empathy feeling someone elses emotional state may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions. with the help of the facial action coding system students will be able to complish more and make better technological generations in the future.