venus is a beautiful planet with dangerous conditions but its supposedly earths twin even though the conditions we face here on earth arent nearly as bad as they are on venus. the author knows this but still wants persuit it but however he does not support the idea that well. in paragraph  he says that venus, sometimes called the evening star is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky even though its a planet and not a star. venus is the nd planet from the sun its still pretty simple to see from a safe distance on earth but it has proved to be a very challenging place to examine closely because of how extremely hot the planet is since its the nd planet from the sun. venus is also sometimes referred to as earths twin since its the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size and at times its closer to earth then the moon and to mars too and thats because of the difference in how fast the planets are orbiting the sun. that means like i just said at times the earth is closer to venus then it is to mars and and sometimes its closer to mars then it is to venus. most of the time we are closer to venus then we are to mars so we numerous unmanned spacecraft to head to venus but every mission has panned out the same...the spacecraft doesnt survive the landing or it does but it gets destroyed a few hours. most of what i typed in the last  paragraphs support the idea well. if there was another mission to venus but this time its a manned mission then you or the spacecraft wont survive. the wind would destroy the spacecraft before it evens land on the ground with a person or group of people in it. but if you some how land it then your gunna have to deal with temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit! lets not forget that the pressure on venus is  times greater then what we experience here on earth. so if your not dead yet then your gunna be crushed becuase an enviroment like this could easily crush a submarine that travels to deepest parts of the ocean which have a lot of pressure so imagine what the atmosphereic pressure would do to an average human being if it can easily crush a submarine. your most likely not gunna survive it. also the paragraph  states that it can also liquefy amny metals and that it has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in the universe! thats pretty crazy! other then having to deal twith the heat and pressure you gotta deal with volcanoes erupting, extremely powerful earthquakes and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. this doesnt support the idea well because if you wanted it to be supoort really well then the author wouldnt have put all the dangerous things that happen on venus