the use of the facial action coding system to detect and identify human emtions can be valuable for students in a classroom. the use of this technology in the classroom can help students on a more individual level and help the students that may straggle behind and help them better while getting many students done as possible. the computer can be like an effective human instructor which helps students when by themselves or working by themselves in a classroom. the same technology can be used for video sugery in a different type of situation in a classroom where a person would be learning about surgery. the detection and identifying of human emotions can help a student when the student is using a classrooom computer and the computer recognizes when a student is becoming confused at a subject and not understanding it, the computer can modify the lesson to become easier to understand. the same could be said for other emotions a student can display such as becoming bored and the classroom computer can detect this as being either the lesson is too easy and boring or the lesson is boring and can modify it until it improves and fit the student. other emotions can help the classroom computer indentify any problems a student is facing automated on a more individual level catering to what level a student is at rather than compared to the current classroom environment where a teacher has to focus on a group and takes time to focus on each person. with these tools and the computers a large amount of students can be helped individually rather than one at a time with one teacher. in other use of the technology can be valuable for students varying in different classes, grade levels, and can help others learn about emotion in a class related to or about emotions. the use of this technology in every classroom and every grade level is not limited by any means and can store a large amount of data easily retrieved to help a student whether they are in elementary school or high school or even in a university. in conclusion, the facial action coding system technology can be extremely valuable to a student in the classroom although having a few downsides such as cost for a computer than can handle the technology and the amount of comptuers for a classroom full of students, but the benefits outweigh the costs signifigantly in that every student can learn better no matter what level they are at or who they are. it can help in guiding on an individual level at any time without the assistance of a teacher which can only focus on one person at a time or talk generally to a group.