change the electoral college!!! the electoral college needs to either stop or change. there been so much that have happen over the years. for example, the gallup poll in , right al gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency. which i didnt understand because, he won the votes but lost the presidency. over  percent of voters would perfer a direct election, like the one we have today. there are so many wrong things with the electoral college. under this system, voters vote not for the president, but for the state of electors. which who in turn elect the president. for example, if u lived in texas, and wanted to vote for john kerry, you dont vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to kerry. another thing is the disaster factor. the disaster factor is when the american people should consider themselves lucky that the  fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century. the system also allows for much worse. basically the system wants to see us fail. if the system would realize how bad there hurting us and making us feel like our vote doesnt matter. for example, again the  scandle with the votes for president. we voted for this guy and he won most of the votes from the states but the electoral college desided to give it to the other guy. some of us just dont get how that works. what happen in  have me to think that, maybe there are some sercets that the us is not telling us, because they dont know how we are going to respond. there is probably a lot of things that would get a lot of people in trouble. what happen in the  should open a lot of eyes right now. this world is so crazy today. we are trillion of doolars in debt probably because of the stupid disicions that the electoral college made on that day. reading this article, it said that the electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, a nondemocratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner, but what happen in , it didnt go that way, they said how they pick the president. they made a big mistake, that we are paying for right now. they say the winner takes all but the winner in  didnt really win. after reading this, i do not stand behind the electoral college.