technology in our modern society is always progressing. since a lot of human emotions can be conveyed through facial expressions, scientists wanted a way fo develop a better communication between humans and computers. every single day, people read each others emotions based on facial expressions. recently, a new software program was developed so that computers are now able to read peoples emotions. this new software program is called the facial action coding system. the facial action coding system works by monitoring the  major muscles in a human face and making a d computer version of the face. when one muscle moves, the computer detects the movement compared to a neutral expression. the computer then classifies it using the movement and its associated emotion into the basic emotions. in this way, the computer is able to then identify mixed emotions. since facial emotions are universal, this type of technology can be used all around the world in many different ways, one example being in the classroom. emotional recognition in the classroom can be very useful in order keep students engaged in their lessons. many times, students become disinterested, confused, or bored during the lesson, but according to the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, this technology can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. recognizing this problem can then modify the lesson, like an effective human instructordalto. by modifying the lesson to better fit the students needs, the computer can teach the students more effectively. this means that the students will be able to learn the material better and therefore be better as students and smarter as people. this use of the new software technology, facial action coding system, is valuable because it helps communication between the student and the computer. this communication promotes a better learning environment because the computer can teach a better lesson, if it recognizes the student is confused or bored. by modifying the lesson to fit the students needs, students are able to better comprehend and be engaged in the material. this results in the students being more likely to apply what they have learned to their daily lives. real life application shows true understanding of material, which in turn shows that students are becoming smarter due to enhanced and personalized lessons. this technology benefits the students by giving them a better suiting education for them so they can learn in the type of environment that will help them the most. this technology can also help teachers to understand the best way in which to teach their students the lesson in order to keep them engaged and learning in a healthy and beneficial environment. in conclusion, the new software technology, facial action coding system is able to track facial muscle movement. then, it classifies the movement into emotions so that computers can recognize the emotions of people. thie technology can be used in the classroom to futher engage the student and teach better lessons based on their current emotions towards the lesson. therefore, it is a valuable asset to students if used correctly because it can help students to learn better by interesting them.