the author suggests that venus is worthy for pursuit for space travel. there are some dangers and risk factors that come along in the travel. the author does include a lot of risk factors but also a lot of benifits. im suppose to evaluate and give my input of how well the author explained this topic. the author comes out saying how earth and venus are so similar and shape and density and how close it is from us. i like how the author included this so you have an idea of how far it is and that one day it could be accomplished. the author talks about unmanned space crafts and how each time they went to venus they would only last a few hours. i think he includes this because some readers get in image how dangerous of a travel it is. the author goes into detail about the factors the contribute of how dangerous venus is. the text says a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. and on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmosphric pressure is  times greater than ehat we experience on our own planet. the author goes into detail of why we need to explore such a dangerous place. the text says astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. i like how the author said how earth was like venus so people get an idea of how that they are similar in surface. the author includes of how nasa is trying to get people to venus. the text says nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. i like how the author includes that a big company is trying to change the way of space travel. the author wraps the text up by how the goal is not unrealistic and how people need to work hard to accomplish these goals. the text says striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of insight to be ganied on the planet itself, but also becuase human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.