to me driverless cars are just the newest fad. i dont think that they are going to be as great as they are made out to be. if anything, they are counterproductive, and we are going to be taking steps backwards. they are a solid idea in concept, but doesnt mean that pertains when its actually created. as a whole, humans have progressively become more dependent on technology. whether with computers, iphones, or just in general we are allowing machines to do the work for us. as a result, we as humans have lost our ability to function by ourselves, and are dependent on the things weve created. driverless cars are just a step closer to complete reliance on technology. and they are closer to being developed and sold now more than ever. car manufacturers are already making prototypes and testdriving. if driverless cars take over, wheres the fun in having a car? the author even argues, why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?,some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays.section  the whole point of buying one is to drive it around and show it off. if cant even use it for its purpose, then theres really no difference between a selfdriving car, and taking public transportation. either way, youre not in control of the automobile. at the moment, driverless cars are still dependent on a person to take over in certain situations. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. section  this means that while the majority of the work is done by the car, the driver still has to be alert while driving, and pay attention to when they need to take over. i personally think that thats as far as driverless cars, or just cars in general should go. i dont see the upside to not having to focus on the road other than pure laziness and dependence on technology. whether this is the next big thing or not, driverless cars concern me. they dont seem like the right approach to driving. people are already texting and driving because they cant bare to part with their technology. all driverless cars are going to do is promote this dependence on technology, both because texting and driving will no longer be a problem, so people can stay on their phones longer, and because they will no longer have to drive for themselvs. technological advances in some fields are better than in others. everything in moderation. even the best things.