venus, nicknamed as the evening star can be seen in the night sky as one of the brightest lights. it is also the closest planet of that to earth, which is often called the earths twin sister and its density and size is also close to that of earths. even with this kind of value, venus has even greater value on its surface that nasa cant seem to overcome the challenges it has. the challenges it has just to get there and study it, numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, depite its proximity. venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide, which blankets it. also, the more challenging thing about it is its surface, the temperatre is the average of over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmosphere has  times greater pressure than that of earths. which by means, making it the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. even with its challenging features, venus, long ago, might have held various forms of life and might have been covered largely with oceans. which by means, making it the most earthlike planet in our solar system, and still today, it still holds some features that are analogous to those of earth. and so, nasa has been working on different things to approach venus, such as considering a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. futhermore, if this was to happen or made, it still wouldnt give them the capability to provide the details they need. it would only limit their insight, in this case, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. the other approaches nasa is considering is using simplified electronics made of silicon carbide, which they have tested in chambers simulating venuss surface and lasted for three weeks. in conclusion, the difficulties and challenges venus has in store, it is more tempting to overcome with all the values it has. by overcoming its challenges it is more of an achievement, than the gain of the planet itself. and to think that it might be our next home, like that of earth, it does make it more tempting.