have you ever heard of the audacious seagoing cowboys program? let me tell you right now, when i joined, i knew that was the best desicion i ever made. my demeanor was a lot more joyus then ever before. i knew that helping and saving inocent people and animals was the right thing to do. when you join this program, you get to travel the world help people that survived wwll save animals and much much more. i vehemently suggest that you join this audacious progam. you will have numerous amount of fun with me, luke bomberger, and my buddy don reist. let me tell you about some of our adventures. one time we went to the melancholy country, europe. wwll had just taken place there, and we were helping them recover from this disasterous war. we were collecting numerous amounts of food for them to consume, we recovered their sweet inocent animals, and much much more. i can tell you one thing, after we left that melancholy country, thier demeanors definatley changed. they were very exuberant, and they thanked us more than you could ever possibly imagine. don and i were off seeking to find more adventure. after we left the melancholy country, europe, we headed to acropolis, greece and venice, italy. but the real adventure was going to china. at china, we cattleboated, and took care of the sweet animals. taking care of these animals sure kept me busy. they absolutley had to be fed and watered at least two or three times a day. their smelly nasty stalls had to be cleaned, and bales of hay and oats had to be pulled up from the lower part of the ship. i helped my aunt out on the farm as a boy, and it had prepared me for hard work. the hard work at the farm sure didnt prepare me for this hard work on the ship. being a seagoing cowboy was more than an adventure for me. i am grateful for this oppertunity this made me more aware of what other peoples needs are. this program opened my eyes. the seagoing cowboys program will forever be my favorite program. i was truely blessed with that exiting oppertunity. i am going to join again next year, you will see my name on the list, luke bomberger. i hope to see yours on the list also.