in the challenge of exploring venus the author has suggeted to study venus a worthy pirsuit despiting the dnagers it presents. venus is the second planet from the sun . venus is a bright star in the night sky , we can see venus from dis but is very challenging to see up close . venus is the closest planet to earth referring to size and density . at time we are closer to mars and sometimes we are closer to venus . in this essay i will be talking about all the dangers to study venus and sending humans to go study venus . we all may think venus is a beautfiul planet , there is nothing wrong with venus , why cant we just land on venus and study it ? well , we were all wrong venus is one of the most dangerous planet to land on . venus is covered with almost  of carbon dioxide , which makes it challening to see because of all the clouds of sulfuric acid . in paragraph  it states on the planets surface, temperatures avergae over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this quote is staing how dangerous venus can be . it also states such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. as i have been saying venus is too dabgerous to go study but the author believes we should anyway . as the author suggest that studying venus , here is why and how we should study venus . nasa has an idea for sending humans to study venus . in paragraph  it states nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. humans can survive studying venus using the propers ways to prevent anyone from dying. in the paragraph it states temperatures would be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit , but the air pressure would be close to of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful , and radiation would not exceed earth levels . not easy conditions , but survivabal for humans. this quote is stating that we can be able to survive those type of conditions . therfore , we can be able to study venus by sneidng humans , despite the dangers venus presents. as we can see anything is possible , even if venus has some very dangerous conditions . throughout this essay , the author suggests studying venus worthy because for one humans , people would like to know what venus is like . many researchers are trying their best to land or hover over venus despite the dangers . overall , this essay is like a challenge to see if any human can survive and get any information of venus .