in the article making mona lisa smile, the author describes the new facial recognision technology called the facial action coding systemfacs. this system claims to read emotion expressions. i think that the facs could help sience in understanding the emotions and muscle relationship and think it is a valuble thing in classrooms. some possitive thing about the new technology are adaptation and improvment. with this new technology we can use it to adapt different things like ads and school lessons. ads can sometimes completely take out the interest on the viewers for the video and can be sometimes unpridictable. this has happend numerous times in classrooms when a teacher wants to show a documentary that is all ready slighty borring and an ad showing an exciting new superheroes movie comes up so now you have the entire class talking about it and not paying any atention to the documentary about charles darwin and what he did. having these distracting ads adapt to what the audience is feeling could help bring down the amount of times this happens. the facs could also help in computer lesson planing. if the facs would be installed in a computer the computer would be able to realise that a student is no longer paying attencion becouse of boredom. so system can then improve what the lesson has by chnging the order around to give the student a more personalised lesson thus having the student learn easier. there are some bad feedback as well. if the facs system succeds in improving the academic scores of the students the school administration might deside that the teacher are no longer needed to teach the student, the students could just study in there cmputers. another way the facs could not be so good is that it is likely to be very expencive and there is ways a possibility it can malfunction and give unwanted changes in lessons and other sections in which it would be used. in conclusion i think that the facs could be of great help in the world if it could be  reliable. this system could benifit the every day use if used corectly and i think that the facs could help sience in understanding the emotions and muscle relationship. i think it is a valuble thing in classrooms.