if professors were able to read their students emotions through their facial expressions from a computer, it would very well help the students in the long run and the teacher to make improvements. this kind of technology will help students and teachers form a better trust, help make teaching improvements, and learning improvements. a computer able to do that, will be valuable to all teachers and to those who want to better their education. even when someone fakes an expression, the zygomatic major and the risorius facial muscles will tell so. if a student were to perhaps lie after being confronted for cheating, the computer would be able to read his facial expressions and tell if it is geniune or not. with a computer reading yours and others facial expressions daily, it may help the classroom build a better trust with eachother. the computer will tell their true emotions, even when some try to hide it. when the professor is teaching something that the students may not understand, they will be confused. sometimes the teacher is so deep into the learning lesson, they will not realize when some students are not understanding. a computer will help by reading their facial expressions and send a message to the teacher explaining so, then they can realize they either need to slow down or go over it again. this helps the teacher understand the progress of where their students are at and how to better their teaching. when a subject has caused students to grow bored, the computer will send a message to the teacher and he may make it more interesting, or change it up a bit. said by dr. huang, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communications... sometimes students will not raise their hand when they have a question or are confused to avoid making themselves look foolish for not knowing. the teacher may take in consideration from the message sent from the computer that he needs call out on those students, getting them more involved. this will help shy students better their learning possibilities. in conclusion, technology that is able to read facial expressions and tell how that person is feeling will improve all learning schools. the technology helps build a stronger trust, since the technology makes it impossible for people to hide their emotions. it will also value students and teachers, helping improve their learning zones.