many people thought that the face on mars was created by aliens. i do not agree with that statement because there is no evidence supporting that theory. however, there is evidence supporting that the face is merely a landform that was created naturally. throughout the article, it shares ideas from nasa, which is the foundation that discovered the face on mars in the first place. the first statement that the article makes about the face being a natural landform is, new highresolution images and d alimetry from nasas mars global survey spacecraft reveal the face on mars for what it really is a mesa. this one statement shows that nasa, one of the biggest names in space industry, believes the face is only a mesa. the people back in the jet propulsion lab must have been surprised to see such a startling sight, but luckily nasa provides more information to show that the face is only a simple landform. the text provides a caption from the message unveiled by nasa. the caption states, huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. this exact caption says the exact proof that the face is clearly just a rock formation. every person should already know how shadows can, well, cast shadows that may give illusions of other objects. some people that believe in aliens may say that it would be crazy to think that a rock formation and shadows could form the illusion of a face, but ive seen shadows that are casted when the sun hits them just right. isnt it completely logical that the sun could hit the shadows to fill the holes in the rocks? i sure believe so. the last quote i would like to give as my evidence is, as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you couold see what they were! this single statement shows that the cameras they were using to the maximum resolution, would in fact show if there was actually an alien artifact on the planet. but the strongest possible photo showed no ancient alien artifacts. it only showed a natural rock formation with shadows that formed what appeared to be a face.