is the use of a new technology called the facial action coding system valuable to read the emotional expressions of sudents in a classroom?. in the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, the author describes how a new technolgy called the facial action coding system enables computer to identify human emotions. it is a new software that has been developed that improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others, and, has promissing applications for a variety of industries. the use of this new technology is valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom because it recognizes whether a sudent is boring or confused, it detects  basic emotions and even mixed and it hepls the person not only to express the emotions but to produce them. school brings a lot of emotions to the students, they might be good or bad feelings. but the most common feelings seen by the techers are boredom, and confusion from the students, sometimes the teachers are not able to identify those emotions, since students just might fake a smile and the teacher will be satisfied that the student is doing just fine or thewy might be confused but afraid to speak up so they just sit there like everything is just normal. so, how might the teacher be able to identify these emotions? the facial action coding system has the answer. in the passage it states a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. it also states then it could modify the lesson, like an effective e human instructor. by this evidence , the author tries to persuade the reader to get more into this new technology and how it is just not a software but a valuable thing. with this technology it would be easier for the teacher to identify when one or more students are bored this would allow them to think throught about changing a new method to teach so the studetns dont get bored in class. it also helps them to notify when a student is confused on a topic, so the teacher would be able to take the necessary time to explain and explain until the student is able to understand the new topic learned. the mayority of students nowdays dont care about school or just dont get the new topic learned, but teachers try their best to help them, but they think everything is just fine, so they dont bother on asking or trying harder. communication is the key to success but they dont implement it, so what is best than a new tehnology to help out a little. there are  basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and there are even people that have not only one but two mixed emotions at the same time.. wouldnt it be great to be able to recognize when a person is having these emotions?. this new technology is here to help. in the passage it states eckman has classified six basic emotions... and then associated with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. it also states the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece. each expression is compared against a neutral faceshowing no emotion. this evidence illustrates by the aouthor shows how great and advanced this technology is, being able to identify not only one emotion, but more than one at the same time, letting the world know, but most important the teachers in a classroom that they dont have to worry more about to be able to identify by guessing how a student is doing, because this technology has the answers. it is so hard to identify when a person is feeling all types of feelings and not be able to help out becuase no one knows what the mixed feelings are . teachers have a rough time with students trying to figure it out. but with ths technology teahcers would be more notified of the problem, so they create a scenari to help them out. emotions are everywhere, everyone experience at least one of them. this new technology not only helps the person to express an emotion but to produce them. a teacher in a classroom is able to teach but sometimes they are not able to transmit the feeling of learing to the students, and the new technology facial action coding system would be a lot of help. in the passage it states the mona lisa is really intented to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. it also states most human communication is nonverbal, incluiding emotional communication. by this evidence the author projects how this new technology is capable of doing just anything and how it helos to improve the best on a classroom, helping out not only the students but the teachers. with this new technology teachers would be able to get the students to be more interested in the class, leading them to get a good grade, and to the understanding of every new topic. now, do you think this new technology called the facial action coding system is valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom?. by being able to detect  basic emotions and even mixed emotions, to recognize whether a student is bored or confused and by helping the person not only to express the emotion but to produce it, it is shown that this new technology is valuable. communication is one of the basic steps to create a better living world but sometimes communication is just not implemented in society. so the help of this new technology is needed. a teacher woulld be able to help a student is they knew if the students where confused or bored. they would try different types of ways to get back the attention of the students so they can do good in the calls. another reason is being able not only to know one emotion but multiple emotions teachers wouldnt have to be guessing the emotions of the studetns, and the time lose trying to guess their emotions, they would be finding ways to help the student solve their problem, becuase they already know what is going on. in the classroooms it is very hard for the sdtudents to concentrate in a very boring topic, and the teachers just will continue beuase the sdtudents just dont communicate or show anything else than just a black emotion and this new technology is able to get the person to express the emotion. is really interesting what this technology can do.