could you see a software reading your facial expressions? do you think this would be something to actually look into and have in the future? well honestly, letś get into details about the facial action coding system and find out what it would actually do. first off, i would like to get into paragraph four it had stated and i quote by dr.huang even though individuals often show varying degrees of expressions this is something that can maybe interfer with the program what if the expressions are to hard to read. also, stated in this paragraph the author is talking about the video imagery to recognition software it would track the facial movements. would that actually be safe a software to basically record or video the movements of your face and show what is going on in that moment. would people actually know when this software is up and running and videoing these peoples faces? now, letś get in more detail about this program and what happens when your in a classroom and it could show what youré actually feeling. would you want a computer software to know what your feeling in that moment and it would also show your teacher how you felt about the project or assignment you were doing. this could actually be a huge disaster or it could be helpful to the teacher and students. some students may feel down but show happiness instead of actually letting someone know their true feelings. this would actually be a huge help to the teacher to help the student feel better and see what is going on with them. therefore, would this actually be a good idea and safe or would this just be dangerous? well thereś an answer to that question and it would not be a good idea.this article does not state when the kids would know when and if this software is actually on. also, if you really read it toward the end it states putting on a happy face actually works! a renowned drama coach, constantin stanislavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. so, some people may or may not be coached and could actually trick the software. nowhere in this article states that they could garentee  acurate results. so in conclusion, this would not be okay for students some may actually get a few things past this program. this program cannot garentee the  accuracy we need to actually let this program go through. as i stated earlier students may have been coached to show a different side and could trick this system.