how would exploring venus be dangerous? well first of all in the text is states that the planets surface is an average of over  degrees fahrenheit. thats pretty hot compared to the temperatures that we get here in the us. some countries may be hotter than others but no one is near  degrees. that would be a very dangerous trip for any one knowing how hot it is there. it also states that the atmospheric acid pressure ios  times greater that what we experience on pur own planet. it also states that this type of environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. yes i agree that many people would want to see up close what things are on venus but now in time there is no way that we could get a human up there and get samples of things mainly becuase of the pressure and the temperature. studying venus is a definant worth pursuit but like i said earlier the teperature and the pressure is to hard for any human to get up there. getting even a rock from venus would help us learn things about the planet that we may not even know about today. they said in the passage that they have gotten robots out to venus but that is still hard to tell anything because venus is a very cloudy planet, but even with a robot it is still hard to tell anything because of the fact that robots are good but they cant always work the way that you want them to work. in the passage it asks why scientists are discussing further visits to its surface? thats a good question that i would even ask them. the answer to that question is that astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well one have been the most eartlike planet in ur solar system. it says that long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. from what people and scientists have said today about venus it doesnt sound like it has that anymore. if it is  degrees on that planet all the oceans are gone and i dont think that they will return because of that. if your planet is  degrees all your oceans are dried up and any type of water is dried up as well. i agree with the claim that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. if you go to venus you will most likely die but if you dont go how are we going to study anything from that planet, and how are we going to learn anything about the planet itself. it says in the passage striving to meet the challenges presented by venus has values, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but shold be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. in the is paragraph is is saying that even though venus would be very hard to research that we should saty with venus and one day be able to go their and study. even if it is dangerous, some sientists want to go their even for the danger that it may constist of. going to venus would be awesome but at the same time i dont know if going their for the risks that it has would be the smartest thing to do. you could go their and  minutes leater be dead. i wouldnt want to do that because i would want to live. some people are different than me because they like adventure and getting out of their comfort zone but for me that wouldnt be the case. going to venus would be a huge sucess but the risks that it has i dont know if going their is worth it. being able to study everything that it has on the planet would be huge. learing about the things that go on there would also be huge to know. in the end if you as an individual would like to go the venus and study the planet and the things that go on their you should go for it even at the dangers that it holds. if you are the type of person that enjoys adventure and learning about new things, i would say that this is the type of adventure that you would want to go on. i say this because of the simple reason that venus has never been searched in depth, i mean in paragraphy two it states that spacecrafts that have landed their have only been able to survive for a few hours. obviously you could explore a little bit with this amount of time but with an entire planet it would be hard to only have a few hours to explore. you could definantly get a decent way with a few hours but because its an entire planet it would be very hard to discover new things because the craft cant go very fast and the craft cant move as fast as a human would be able to with a few hours. would you rather have multiple humans go out their and research or would you rather have one spacecraft go and research only one way for a few hours. even if the humans know that they most likely would survive for very long. they could grab somethings that they could put into the shuttle and then the shuttle would return home and the scientists would be able to study later wen the shuttle returns home with all the possible things that the astronauts found on venus. if humans went out on a mission to study it states that  perscent carbon dioxide blankets venus, and the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmostphere. paragraphy you know how hard it would be for someone to survive in that type of weather. if you send a astronaut to go and research you are basically asking one of you men to go up there and risk his life to study what is up there. in the passage it says that venus is often referred to as earths twin but i disagree with that statement. venus is way more toxic and way for dangerous for humans to go up and study. for one thing the temperature is way to high and the amount of chemicals that could possibly kill you are things that are way to dangerous for any human to go and study. if you send a man up there you are asking him to die to research things that could be useful. if you step onto venuss land you are most likely going to die because of the difference on everything from what your used to. even is suits you are most likely going to die because of the differences. i know i wouldnt want to die.