everyday the world and the technology around us is changing, evolving. it is something that has been happening since the biginning of time. it began with growing our own crops, then changed further with the development of communities and cities, and technology kept advancing with time. as technology has evolved, people have had to do less and less for themselves. not everyone has to grow their own food or make their own clothes anymore. the world is at a time now where cars are not just a luxcery. to most people, they are a neccesity. the next advancement in that process, is the making of driverless cars. this would make our lives easier and our roads safer. driverless cars would not only be better for convienence, but also for costs and flexibility. in the text it states, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis... that would cut out fuel costs for most people, which takes up a lot of some families income. second, ...offer far more flexibility than a bus. this way, these cars may be able to pick someone up who lives in the country. they would not have to take a specific route everywhere. these cars would make our lives cheaper and easier. the car would be able to funtion just as if a human driver was in the front seat driving the car. it would be able to analyze its surroundings. the text states, googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an intertial motion sensor. this example from the text illustrates that cars would be able to know where they are going, know when other cars around, and see their surroundings just as a human driver would. another example from the text, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves... the cars would be able to do these funtions and so much more from the minute the are done being built. some of these skills take new drivers years to master. driverless cars could possibly reduce accidents and save lives. for example, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. human drivers may freeze under the pressure when a frightening situation happens, but these cars would be able to stop on their own to help prevent an acident. another example, some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. this way if the car does need assistance from a human driver, the driver can be entertained until they need to be notified that they need to take over. this would be better since the entertainment automatically turns off, unlike when a person is texting and driving. this new equipment would stop so many people from being injured from car accidents. some people think that driverless cars may not be such a good idea. according to the text, wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? the cars manufacturers have thought about this and have thought about installing am entertainment system that automatically shuts off when the driver is needed. the text also states, presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. while people may be used to human drivers, history has proven that technology can often make things easier and safer. while this technology develops this new car may be not only as safe as car with a human driver, but may eventually be safer. while there are still kinks to work out, driverless cars will someday be the new normal in the transportation world. driverless cars are being built and are getting ready to be made a reality to the world. just like all new technologies, it will have its problems in the beginning, but all problems have solutions and room for improvement. people were worried the first time an airoplane flew on autopilot, but now they are used to it and pilots know it as what is normal. these cars will be another advancement made in human history. driverless cars are going to make the world an easier and safer place.