the natural face the face is just a natural landform. i work as a scientist at nasa, and i know that the image taken of the face was not created by aliens. the article, unmasking the face on mars, tells how the truth is revealed. i can prove that the face is just a landform and not some superstitious icon. first of all, back in , the quality of pictures and images probably arent going to be that outstanding. the pictures are blurry and they are the first documented pictures of that landform. i know this because paragraph seven states,  and so on april ,, when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars oribiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. later in paragraph seven, the text says, there was no alien monument after all. this is why the vikings pictures arent credible sources, and that people shouldnt trust the face in that picture. now, some might say, back then, that the alien markings are hidden by the haze. the text in paragraph eight says why,the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april a cloudy time of year on the red planet. however, later pictures still prove that the alien creation was not real. the mgs images prove that the face is just another landform on mars. this is because the mgs was able to get another photo. paragraph  states, nevertheless, on april , a cloudless summer day in cydoniamars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. at a moment like that, the time for taking a picture is perfect. to add on to that cloudless day, the photo taken is eaxtroardinary. in paragraph  garvin says, malins team captured an extroardinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. the paragraph also states, each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to the  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. the quality is exceptionally clearer than the picture taken in . the cracks and clear image show that there arent any aliens, but that the face is nothing but a huge rock formation. in conclusion, the face is just a rock formation on mars. back in , the quality of pictures werent that great. through time though, the quality of pictures did get better, and the mgs was able to take a picture of the face on april th, , showing that it was a rock, or, the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west, as paragraph  says. the face is a landform, not an alien creation.