are driverless cars safe? majority of the world drives cars. cars are used to get you from point a to point b. cars are an example of moblie transportaion. driverless cars shouldnt be on roads because they arent safe, they seem too risky, and driverless cars are exspensive. firstly, driverless cars arent safe. driverless cars sound like a good idea but what if they cause trouble? according to the passage it states, most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestirans safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. if drivers arent alert when driving driverless cars then it would cause a lot of accidents. in some states its illegal to test computer driven cars. secondly, driving driverless cars seems too risky. you have to be alert when operating a driverless car, and this means you cant drink and drive. when you drink and drive in a driverless car youre putting yourself and others around you in more danger. if your driverless cars technology fails you could get injured and so could your passengers with you. driverless cars need to be proven safe before they actually hit the roads. lastly, driverless cars are exspensive. the smarter cars would be really exspensive if they ever hit the market. if making the cars was so exspenive, imagine buying a driverless car. cars that operate with a driver are also exspensive but they most likely cost less than driverless cars. driverless cars shouldnt be worth your money. in conclusion, driverless cars should not be on roads because they arent safe, they could cause trouble, and their exspense could be really high. driving cars is a responsibilty. if you dont take driving seriously you could get yourself in trouble and you can hurt or injure others. according to the article it states,presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. i agree with this sentence from the article because with a human driver it could help keep driving a little more safer.