the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is telling us what will happens in the future. the author said that venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. venus is actually a planet. venus is the second planet from our sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. first, a venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of densitry and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. venus is sometimes right around the cornerin space termshumans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, depite its proximity to us. second, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet. the author said that venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the text also said that astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have suppirted various forms of life, just like earth. today, venusstill has some features that are anologous to those on earth. finally, the national aeronautics and space administration nasa had one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. the author also include peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limeted insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot pernetrate the dense atmostsphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. nasa is also working on other approaches to studing venus. venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. in conclusion, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices ame calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. the author also said that travels on earth and beyound should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.