the future is in the present. what seemed like a mere dreaming is now coming to life! new techology has helped with many advances today, for example smart cars. this concept is fairly new, but it has already sprouted problems. these dilemmas are complex therefore, the world is still not ready for driverless cars. throughout the years many companies have tried to make this new idea happen, yet it is a new concept. for example, in the late s, general motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. ... these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. this shows that driverless cars are not a smart idea. now a days people want something pratical and fast smartroad systems are niether pratical or quick, because it would be expensive and it would take time for the roads to be upgraded. once they saw the expensives it would take, they let go of the idea. after this idea of smartroads epicly failed, other came up with the idea of smart cars. even though smart cars have been effective, they are still not able to drive themselves. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents, smart cars have programs to assists the driver,not to drive themselves. humans will still have to be alert on the road, so it will not going to help the driver. what is the use of cars that can drive themselves, if when the driving conditions get tough humans will be needed? another important issue if these driverless cars come out, is who will be to blame for if an accident happens the driver or the company? because the person in the car will be assisting the car, the car should be to blame for. since the smart cars are made to drive themselves, then all people involved in the accident would be victims. due to the information, it is safe to say that driveless cars are yet to be imereged into todays life. the people of today spend most of their day doing something, in my opinion they are ready to do nothing. is one going to enjoy this break, though maybe not, becasue though they are just passagers the car might need assists? therefore there is no need for cars that will get only part of the job done.