the mona lisa is a very impressive mix of emotions painted by the human artist leonardo da vinci. however, is using a computer program that uses coding to analyze someones feelings effective? there are two sides to every story, sometimes one may sound good, while the other bad other times, we may see ourselves approaching both sides and seeing the pros and cons of each. having a computer read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom can be both effective, and ineffective for several different reasons. some of these reasons may include emotional state, lesson planning, facial structure, critical thinking, puberty, and more. the emotional state of most kids in school can vary on a day to day basis. not every kid is always happy, and not every kid is always sad. by having a computer that can read and detect emotions, people might not feel the need to try and read each others emotion. this would lessen their contact with their peers and lessen their ability to comprehending and understand other peoples emotions and situations. teachers might also worry if they detect that a student is sad, or angry. on the other hand, having a machine that can detect emotions may be helpful to some students. as stated in the article, if most, or all, of the class is confused, this machine would help the teacher detect the confusion and help him or her explain in a way that the students can understand. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. in this quote, we see how this computer could help adapt a better lesson plan for confused or uninterested students. if a student is depressed, anxious, or something of the like the teacher can pull them off to the side and send them to a counselor to talk about it and help them feel better. however, we may wonder if the student is actually feeling this way. if a technology like this is used, it will obviously have loads of coding in it. sometimes there can be flaws in coding, or someone that can hack into it and change it. to have such a sensitive thing in a classroom may be dangerous for some students. another point is that not everyone has the same facial structure. some people even have deformities or problems that make their appearance different than other peoples. if this is the case, how would the program know to seperate these people with the facial recognition of everyone else? people express themselves differently, and most have different facial expressions, if people begin to depend on a computer to detect emotions, how will they be able to identify different emotions themselves? this leads to the point of critical thinking. as stated previously, students who rely on a program to detect their classmates feelings may not try to interpret these feelings themselves. these students would go off into the real world without knowing how to identify if someone is feeling angry, sad, annoyed, or more. this lessons their social and critical thinking skills that are needed in day to day life. perhaps this program could work on kids of certain age groups instead of every classroom. in late middleschool and early highschool, most kids are turning into teenagers. this means that they start going through puberty. puberty is a stage in life where kids start growing up and maturing. mood swings are constant, as well as several other feeling and emotions that are caused by hormones in their bodies. in a classroom full of teengers going through hormonal changes all at once, the computer may detect many negative emotions, or mix of several different emotions that are caused by mood swings. teachers may again become worried if their students are all anxious, sad, annoyed, bored, etc.. there are many other reasons as to why this machine might be useful and why it may not. these are some of things that can be positive or negative about a system that can detect emotions in a classroom. there are definitely many more which could be debated back and forth. in my personal opinion, i do not think schools need a machine that detects emotions. i feel that it is creepy, and instead of showing my emotions, i would try to conceal them from everyone. if i feel this way, how would millions of others feel? the emotional state, lesson planning, facial structure, critical thinking, puberty, are all things that are factors of, or may be affected by this machine. some are positive, some are not so positive. all in all, if this were to ever come to our schools, we would need a long and difficult discussion to put an end to the debate.