dear senator, i, student_name, am in favor of changing our democacy to popular vote. electoral college does no good to our society. its out of date, its irrational, everybody in this case has a great chance of becoming president. that is no good, we do not need idiots running our country. election by popular vote is the best way to go. you will have a certain outcome and votes will be fairly made. it benefits everybody. more than half of our population wants you guys to make the switch. the electoral college is not an up to date voting method. our founduing fathers made it many years ago while writing the constitution. it is a long process of nonsense that has no advantages to us, the people. by popular vote, its faster, simpler, and better. popular vote is basically a group of qualified citizens voting for the president. popular vote is the best way for people to directly voice their opinions by picking the president of their choice. if we use the electoral college, the electors of our state may not deliever it properly. over  percent of voters prefer direct elections. government officials such as richard nixon, jimmy carter, the u.s. chamber of commerce, and others all thought we should abolish the electoral college. many things are wrong with the electoral college, we dont directly vote for the president but for the slate of electors, who eventually vote for the president. it in no way benefits the people, they have no control over who the electors pick. in many cases, people have decided to not even vote because there was no hope. if there are greater chances of everybody being president, not only is there a fool running the country,he isnt going to worry about your interests or needs. if your own president wont help your interests, potential voters may be turned off. isnt that horrible, to feel that our president isnt our president? knowing that our vote will have less of an efect, we wont want to vote. voters in presedential elections are people who have something to say and actually want to express themselves. they are not the people who dont care and just vote to vote. you and the rest of the senate should consider this very deeply. it isnt just benefiting the people, but congress, the whole senate and most importantly, the president. it will make us a better nation and one as a whole. i hope you take this into great consideration and make the change. the only way to get back the peoples trust and votes is by taking baby steps. this is one great step and good things may come out of this. sincerely, proper_name