i am for driverless car. the reason i am for driverless cars is, because i belive there would less acceidents. google smart car car are show to be safe to driver by themselfs for a half a million miles. if it can drive about half a million miles imagine how far it can drive with a person in it. smart car with help prevent acceidents. if google has had cars that could drive independently since , im preety sure they have improved the smart cars by . the smart car still alert the driver when pulling in and out of driveways, they arent completly driverless. cars already have gps and other electronic things i thier cars, why not just get a smart car and never get lost again. or turn down the wrong street if the car all ready know hwere its going there is no way you could get lost. google modified toyota prius uses postion estimating sensors on the left rear wheel,a rotating sensor on the roof , a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver , and an inertial motin sensor. the founder of google car project, beives that the technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream. before  the sensors werent there the computers werent there the mapping wasnt there. with out the gps how would people get around a city they just moved to or didnt know that well. every one in there life at ine point have or will use a gps. unless you use a map that will more then likely get in the way of you diving. you taking your eyes off the road for a few seconds and enable you from seeing that one car that swerving in frount of you, or that one red light you just ran throw. or the pedestrian you just hit. all becase you took your eyes off the road to look at a map because you turn and got off the express way and the wrong exit. i think smart car will more than likely help with that. most of the time you use a gps because you dont know to get ther. not because you know how to get to the place your going. if you idnt have that gps you would be struck gonig around asking for directions. smart cars are new and improved.in a normal car if you need to answer your phone you need to took your eyes off the road but in smart cars you can just press one botton and answer the phone and continue driving. if there is something not availble to the driver tring to text on your phone the car system has a safety feature. safety is a huge concern. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers passengers ans pedestrians safe. laemaker will know that they are safety is best achieved with alert drivers. as a result there will be less air polution less car accidences. smart cars cut the fuels usage in half. i also belive such cars would fundamentally chnage the world