in , nasa discovered a land formation that looks like a face and since then it has become a national icon. conspiracy theorists think that we at nasa are hiding something. they think it was created by aliens. we know that it wasnt though because after all were the experts here. if we were hiding something, why wouldnt we release it to make more money? we have technology and the smarts to prove people wrong that think it was created by an alien. the conspiracy theorists are wrong. as better technology is developed and our images take on a higher resolution we have proof that the face on mars is just a land formation with an odd shadow. in , we first discovered the face on mars using the viking , but we couldnt really tell what it was because the resolution wasnt that good. then in , the technology developed over the span of  years, the resolution became better, and we could sort of tell what it was. then in , we really discovered what it was because the technology was way bettter and we could see a d image of it. as technology developed we could really start to tell that it was in fact a mesa. proving that the people were wrong and that they dont have as advanced technology as we do. the conspiracy theorists were once again wrong. they just look off of the images nasa puts out and think of the most bizzare theory and release it. when we had the mgs fly over cydonia where the face on mars is located on april , , he snapped pictures and really discovered it wasnt an alien formation. then, many people disagreed with our logic again and said that since it was a cloudy time in april  on mars, that the alien markings were hidden by haze. we then went for a second run on april , , a cloudless summer day and captured the photo using the the cameras maximum resolution, and still didnt see any alien markings. they were yet again wrong and this proves that it isnt an alien formation. in the end, the picture really shows a martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. these landforms are much like the ones we see on earth. theyre common on almost every planet. what garvin says is completely true, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. these formations are just another land formation. the people who thought they were alien markings are just trying to get attention. after all, we at nasa have always had the best technology to look into space and at other planets. people have tried to prove us wrong and we always come out on top of things. weve proven them wrong with images, other formations on earth that are equivalent to formations on mars, and the knowledge that we have. the people shouldnt question it because if it really was an alien marking wed share it with the public. these theories that its an alien marking are wrong and weve proven this.