in the article driverless cars are coming, the author speaks about how the future of transport can change. the possibility of sometime in the near future of transportation with no driver. such invention seems like something we can have in decades, yet many car companies and even google have variations of a driverless car. many people will be having a hard time when the decision of whether or not it is safe comes about considering the amount of people and their decisions. in this short essay i plan to inform the reader of my views and opinions of this driverless car. an invention such as a driverless car could change many things drastically, all of which could effect our daily lives. i believe that this invention can bring the unemployment rate in the world even higher, considering the amount of jobs there are revolving around driving. cab drivers would be out of jobs considering the car would be driven by itself. even traffic police could potentially be taken out of play with this invention because there would be no need for them anyway. many things must be thought of when attempting to change the way people work every day. not only can the unemployment rate drastically rise, but can such a machine be trusted when it comes to street safety? many things can potentially go wrong with this car, even the finest machines can malfunction even though the article states that googles driverless car has exceeded half a million miles without a crash. would crossing the street put every pedestrian in danger? if so who can be to blame if not the manufacturer of the car? these things must be put into consideration when something so dangerous gets put into the hands of technology. i am not saying that people driving is safe either, driving can be a very dangerous action if said driver has not been trained properly. the driverless car is a sensational and very idealistic invention, one can not just assume an invention as big can be put into play in the upcoming future. multiple laws would need to be passed, people who have been driving for years not knowing what to do if something goes wrong. this car can be both good and bad, and i believe in the future cars will not have drivers but not so soon. i believe that this cannot or will not be able to be made within the next twenty years. i hope that when the time comes to decide whether this will happen, every voter has been informed of the dangers as well as the benefits.