i am here to discuss with you the topic of the landform on mars. yes, its the one shaped like a human face. i have been getting many claims of it being a monument built by ancient life on mars. believe us, here at nasa we would love for the claims of alien life to be true, but weve been given substantial information that those claims are incorrect. there are many reasons why these claims are invalid. first of all, landforms like the socalled face appear on our home planet it would be easy to find secondly the appearance of a face was given merely by the casting of shadows over the surface over the red plant and lastly, the intensely zoomed in picture showed no sign of anything that would hint at any type of civilization. here on earth, we have tons of natural landforms created by erosion, glaciers, and the sea. the landform on mars appears to be a mesa, a landform that happens to be very common in the western area of america. the climate of mars can be quite similar to that of the west, and that hints to us that because of the hot climate that usually occurs with the sun shining on mars, this landmark has formed only because of the climate and conditions of the area. it is a reasonable idea to consider and should be proof enough, but there are still some sceptics so i will continue. some may say, even if it was a natural landform, how on earth does it look exactly like a human face? well first of all, people see what they wish to see. they think its a face because it is such a fascinating and fantastic thing to think of. a human face on mars?! no way! the landform isnt actually shaped like a face, it is merely the shadows that are cast on it that cause the appearance of it being a face. however, upon closer inspection by nasa the landform was revealed merely to be a completely normal patch of land, nothing special at all. if all of what im saying isnt enough to convince you, i have got one more important point to make. nasa has gone to extensive lengths to examine this landform that has caused such a big fuss among the people. in the april of , scientists set out to explore the face of mars once more. it was an apparently cloudless day and it was that day that they took the picture. the picture was zoomed in as far as it could have been, so that anything on the face of the planet could be seen. there werent any signs of life, no tents where extraterrestrial life would sleep and no proof of anything building this landform. to sum all of this up, there is simply just no way that this landform could have been built by alien life. there are too many facts and too much research done on this landform, we know all there is to know and what we can say for sure is, there is simply no way the face was createed by aliens. youll just have to face the facts and wonder how on earth this picture managed to look exactly like a human face. the mystery was fun while it lasted, but now that we have the facts, it is time to lay this case to rest.