driverless cars can go in many different ways for me. i have postive effects on the subject such as, a person not having to drive as much is they dont want to, less accidents, and less distraction. i also have negative effects on driverless cars. not being in control  of the time, being distracted with other actions, and defects with the car. to most diverless cars sound like a great idea. i know a person like my mother would love the idea of driverless cars because she hates driving. anyone who really not fond of driving all the time and are really busy alot of the time in their life must get tired of driving. i feel as if the driverless cars would be a huge plus for them! also i feel as if less accidents would happen if driverless cars were made. the world is full of wreckless drivers and theirs really nothing we can do about it. but if everyone car is driving at the same abount of safety then that should lower the rate if accidents around the world. plus its like driving with an extra brian in the car,because the car has special ablilties. this creation would also help the mind of teens as well. there are teens all over the world getting ready to drive or are already driving. teens can be really distracted by just being a teenager. and by the car being a extra helping hand on driving could help the teens do certain things while driving such as chaning the radio, adjusting windows or mirros even making a phone and that could not only help teens but everyone. even though i have many positive effects on the driverless cars there is still negative affects. driving can being a very dangerous thing. there always something you have to look out for while driving. your mind has be focus everything around it most importantly people. even thought it is a driverless car i feel as most of the time you should be  incontrolled of the car just to make sure nothing bad happen outside your sight. you should be able to control everything. also not driving your driverless car might give people the idea that its their time to do what ever. which is not the case! even though you are not driving you still should be completely focus. you should not be texing or anything els that would keep yours eyes off the road for more than a few seconds. lastly with newer cars their will always be deffects in the cars. if the car is brand new then any problems the car has might more difficuly to figure out. and driverless cars have deffects written all over it. so there goes my position on driverless cars. that even though driverless cars sound like a great idea we always should keep an open mind on cons of the invention. also that saftey should be a number one factor in the whole situation. i love the idea of making advantages in the world today. just as long as they work well and make life safer.