the author supports the idea that venus is a worthy pursuit despiting all dangers by making it seem like a challenge and having interesting facts about what kind of planet it is. the author starts it off by referring to venus as  earths twin . in the artcle it states,often referred to as earths  twin , venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size.the challenge of exploring venus . this explains how they start to talk about venus being interesting. then the author starts talking abut how venus is a difficult planet for humans to study and details about it. sometimes, us as humans like challenges and they like to test their limit to see how far they can go. in the article it states,numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging plnet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us.the challenge of exploring venus . this explains that they see it as a challenge. another reason that the author supports the claim is they start stating unusual facts about venus despite the circumstances. in the text it states,also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any other planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun.the challenge of exploring venus . this explains that they draw in more attention stating unusual facts. the author also talks about how professionals like astronomers find it interesting. in the text it states,astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our system.the challenge of exploring venus . this explains why people who go up into space see it as a fascinating thing. the author makes it seem like venus is our closest option to visit for space travel. the author tries to infrom us that studying venus is a good thing by looking at it as meeting our curiousities and as us getting insight on what it really is. in the text it states,striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because of human curiousity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavours.the challenge of exploring venus . this explains how they appeal to this as gaining insight on the planet and seeing it as a challenge. the author of this text supports the idea that going into studying the fact that venus is a great pursuit despite the dangers by providing infromation thatll make you curious and having you look at it as a challenge that us humans would want to complete.