in order to inform the fellow citizens about the advantages of limiting car usage, lets first talk about how it impacts society, what will happen if society doesnt reduce the excessive amount of car usage, and what they can do to improve societies living conditions. driving has majorly changed since back then, driving is an everyday thing for society most kids get dropped off to school by car, adults drive to work, and families go on trips by car. driving has succesfully impacted society in a positive way in this generation, but it does have some negative and unseen sides to it. limiting access to a car can positively change the outcome of a suburb, whether it be the united states, or canada. according source , in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. that gives the reader an idea of how the suburb is like without the use of cars, everything is closer to your house. you can walk to the nearest bakery or grocery store, creating the central idea of the stereotypical perfect town seen in shows. in order to build that idea, cities around the world are being influenced by that concept. according to source , uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. that proves the fact that if cars are used at the minimum, the city will change for the better. according to source , the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. in conclusion, with less usage of cars, the better conditions the city would have. if society doesnt start reducing the amount of car usage in their city, it will end up being a horrible decision. according to source , after days of nearrecorded pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of global the city. that being said, cars cause the city to endure smog, causing leaders to input a partial ban. in order to fathom the idea of how many drivers refused to follow that law source  states, almost , drivers were fined. that can easily manifest the idea of how society wont be able to live without their cars, which can end up being disasterous. smog seems to be a major result of car usage in cities, but in the future, it will lead into a worse situation. in bogota, colombia, an event was created to ban the use of cars. according to source , the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. to conclude, if cities tried to reduce car usage, itll drastically decrease the risk of smog and greenhouse effect. improving the living conditions of society will produce a tremendous amount of positive effects towards the city. according to source , president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in american behavior. that being said, america is planning to attempt reducing car usages in the country. also according to source , recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. that also manifests the idea that america itself, is slowly reducing its numbers of car usage. whether it be the expensive prices of cars or the hard driving tests, the less people who drive, the better the environment. according to source , the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. that forms the idea that without cars driving around, children have an excuse to go walk around outside. rather than being inside not doing anything, and taking a car ride to where they need to go vaubans rule helps provide children with a different and active childhood. driving is slowly causing the countries to change, children dont go out that much. technology already limits childrens excercise and their time outside, but driving causes children to barely be outside. also, excessive driving can cause horrible conditions towards the environment itself. limiting car usage and how it impacts society, what will happen if society doesnt reduce the excessive amount of car usage, and what they can do to improve societies living conditions are all explained, creating the idea that the less drivers there are, the better outcome itll be.