to begin with, the advantages of limiting car usage, for example vauban germany residents of this upscale community are suburban poineers, they gave up their cars just to save up and move. some street parking areas, driveways, and homes with garages are generally forbidden in this experiment. car ownerships also has to buy land jus for parking and to sit their cars on, their ownership is only allowed that garages at the edge of the development where they buy space and homes for the cars. the percentage of vaubans germany families that do not own cars is  and its  of families that sold their car just to move here. the autouse of the car separates the united states from the suburban life that is a movement called smart planning. passenger cars are responsible fro  of greenhouse gas emission in europe. up to  in some carintensive areas in the untied states. in addition to, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city, if your car didnt have a license plate that means to leave the car at home or drive it instead and get a  fine. it was , drivers was fined, according to the passage it was twentyseven people who had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. the passage says that  in the captial of france. after fivedays of intensifying smog, the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. disels make up  of vehicles in france, compared to a . average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, says the reuters. reuters found that paris had  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london. finally, bogota columbia is a program thats set up to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. it was  straight years cars had been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the passage says  their goal is to promote alternative transportation and try to reduce smog. violators faced  fines. the businessman carlos arturo plaza says its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. the day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mids, parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city, uneven sidewalks but they have been replaced, new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have did over and rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic. to sum it up, people have to work together to the keep the earth and the air clean for cars. cars now in days are expensive for people to buy thats what the buses are for and it really helps people save money and enjoy their life til they feel they need a vehicle for their kids. they want people to follow the rules and get their license to drive their car and things so that want have to get a fine for driving without what you need. transportation is one of the biggest things in the world because people now in days walk, catch rides, use the bus, use a bicycle, and etc., people need transportation but some use the buses to help them save or people with transportation sale theres to save and move in a better environment.