in the passage the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. in the passage it states astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this explains the importance of astronomers exploring venus because it could have some various styles like covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the significant thing about this is that numerous factors see venus as a challenging planet for humans to learn more about, despite the dangerous obstacles it brings among us. one of the many obstacles of traveling to venus is venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system this proves its way difficult to even step a foot on venus without even getting your foot molted by the boiling temperatures of venuss surface. another reason thats a risk to vist venus is that a thick atmosphere of alomost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. this conditions show highly extreme pressure that is  times greater than what we experience on earth. this shows more extreme than anything humans have encountered here on earth. in conclusion, venus is a highly caution area for humans to counter but luckly scientists nasa have discovered unique ways to overcome there problems by inventing a vehicle hovering over the surfaces to avoid such bizzare surface that could potentially end their lives. not only are they creating vehicles but also mechanical computers that have the ability to make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. the significance is that scientists and researchers are developing unique machanics to out come the problems to enter or step foot on venus. these brave people have showed striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.