in the article making mona lisa smile, the facial action coding system is introduced. it is a new technology that helps computers identify most human emtions. this tehcnology could be of value for students. the facial action coding system can be beneficially useful to read the emtions of students in a classroom to provide insight on how students feel about specific classes and how they react to challenging subjects, and to change the way classes are taught. according to the author, in paragraph four, the facial action coding system can identify various emotions. the software can even identify mixed emotions when people have an expressionless or neutral face. the facs software has the proper anatomical information for the human body. it can easily identify what a person is feeling even if they have several emotions present at once. in paragraph six dr. huang states that a classroom computer with the facs software could recognize what a student is feeling, whether they are bored or confused. if a computer can identifythe emotions of students in a classroom, then this can be used to make modifications to the lesson or maybe the whole class. for example, if a student is struggling in a certain subject and the computer were to identify the whole classroom as confused or bored then the teacher would have to make improvements to the lesson. this would benefit the students who are feeling lost or bored. if the facs software could identify the emotions of the student, then this can be used to find improvements for certain classes that students struggle in. in paragraph six, dr. huang says that most human communication can be nonverbal. if a student was in a difficult class and was to embarrassed to ask for help, the facs software has the capacity to identify the precise muscle moevment for the expression of cofusion in that student. paragraphs seven and eight of the passage describe the small muscle movements made to convey a true smile. the author then goes on to say that these muscles can be spotted to prove whether or not someone is displaying a sincere emotion. paragraph nine also explains that making a certain facial expression can cause you to feel that certain emotion. the facs software is advanced enough where it could idnetify if a student is truly confused or not and it can help find new ways to teach by determining the sincere emotion of every student. the article making mona lisa smile introduces the facial action coding system, facs, that helps identify human emtions. this software can be beneficial in many wyas, such as in a classroom. the facial action coding system can be used to read the emtions of students in a classroom to provide information on how students feel about certain classes and topics and challenges, and to provide on how classes can be taught differently.