limiting car usage can be an advantage for every city. while there have been efforts in the past who decades to make cities denser and better for walking, planners are now taking the concept to the suburbs. many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a much larger role in a new six year federal transportation bill to be approved this year. all of our development since world war ll has been centered on the car and that will have to change. as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars and  percent sold a car to move here. paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of global city, diesel fuel was blamed, since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. dieseles make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, according to reuters. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city, uneven, pitten sidewalks, rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic, and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from incipient shift in america behavior. recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. the sociology professor at drexel university and director of its mobilities research and policy center said that differents things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long term cultural shift. demographic shifts in the driving population suggest that the trend may accelerate. there has been a large drop in the porcentage of  to  year olds getting a license, while older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age. in conclution it has beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment since transportation is the second largeest source of americas emissions, just behind power plants. it also has negative implications for the car industry but americas love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling, the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis.