dear senator, the debate regarding the necessity of the electoral college and its validity has aroused some tension among the citizens of america, and the government as well. this process is not only used to decide the president of our nation, but to ensure the equality of the voting. by establishing our county as a democracy, we made a promise to maintain a systematic balance between the government and its people. without the existence of the electoral college, where would this balace be? the electoral college is the basis upon which our country is built, and is vital to uphold the balance and equality between government and people. the electoral college has many benefits towards the nation that many people are unaware of. for example, in order to do well, a candidate must have connections nationwide. in source , line , it states the electoral college requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. this means that no candidate is guaranteed a win if they only appeal to one area or region. this creates an overall balance throughout the nation, and makes sure only a portion of the country doesnt have all the power. also, this allows the people to have a clear understanding of who theyre voting for, and what this means. equality is key, and without this equality, where would our nation be? by continuing the use of the electoral college, we have decided to be the best we can be. it says in source , line  the electoral college is a process, not a place. the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and the election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. this provides valid information to support the necessary balance of people and government. the electoral college also produces a winner inarguably qualified due to the amount of votes received. this is clearly described in source , line , the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. due to the use of this process, the election of a president can be efficient and simple. the president can now be some may argue that this process does not clearly represent the people or their votes. this is because some may vote for a slate of electors as opposed to the president. however, this belief can be decidedly rejected due to the lack of valid evidence to support the claim. how are voters expected to vote fairly if they are not given the support to do so? overall, it can be declared that the electoral college plays a vital role in maintaining the internal balance of our nation that the citizens inhabiting it are so reliant on. choosing to reject this process would be deciding to injure our nation, its future, and its people.