cars have become a part of everyday life over the years. we depend on them for transportation from one place to the next. have you ever thought about what it would be like to live without a car? well, globally, changes are being made. there have been car bans and even a community that completely quit using cars. there are advantages of limiting car usage. limiting car usage can lead to a less stressful life. the residents of vauban, germany, have taken a huge step. they have given up their cars. as stated in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars. a statement from a local resident, also found in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars, says, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. the limit on car usage has allowed the residents to go back to a simpler life. a life where everyday noises such as children playing and bicycle wheels rolling along the pavement can be heard. limiting car usage impacts the environment greatly in a positive way. the article titled the end of car culture states, ...transportation is the second largest source of americas emmisions, just behind power plants. cars are a leading cause of air pollution around the world. for example, the smog in paris, france, had gotten so bad that they had to put a temporary partial ban on driving. due to this rule, congestion was down  percent. cutting back on the usage of cars would have an incredicle impact on global air pollution. a simple step in the right direction can change the environment is a positive way. being happier and decreasing air pollution are only two advantages of limiting car usage. there is a lot that can come from taking cars out of our daily routines. it may be hard to adjust at first but the impact it would have on the earth would be worth it. taking responsibility and care of our earth is a change that needs to happen. it is a possible and reasonable solution to our pollution problem.