driverless cars seem new and exciting for technology and safety when it comes to driving. these cars that are talked of have systems put in them that are above genius. i believe that these driverless cars are a great idea and that they should happen. these driverless cars will have, a whole lot of sensors and be a lot safer than a human driver. people can only see so much when driving and with radios and phones as a distraction, safety on the road has plummetted. having sensors and video cameras mounted near the rearview mirror and other places, will allow the car to see what a human driver cannot. having a dubbed lidar that uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings is something a human can never do. the car will be fully aware of what is above, below, to the right, to the left, behind and infront of it. it will be able to notice split secoind changes that could help save people from car crashes and bad road conditions. some people believe that technology is going to take over and there will be no need for human labor anymore. i do not know if that is true or not, but i do know that these cars can help everyone in one way or another. they may be taking over the place of human drivers, but these cars could allow disabled people to get from one place to another without having the need for someone else to take them. the driverless cars will also help taxi customers, for they will not have to deal with taxi drivers. taxi drivers are not always the niciest or cleanest people to deal with and they are strangers, but with a driverless car you will not have to worry about any of that. driverless cars could also help with traffic. the cars will be able to take care of the speed limit so you will never be behind a slow driver or be constantly worried that your will get pulled over because you accidentally went  miles over the speed limit. the ability the cars can have will help safety by letting parents rest assure that their children will be safe while driving. they will not have to worry that they are texting and driving for the car will drive safely for them. the idea of a driverless car is an amazing one. their are upgrades to these cars that can help everyone. whether you are a worried parent worrying about your teenager driving or a disabled person wanting to go somewhere on your own these cars can help all and are safer than human drivers will ever be.