the author of the challenge of exploring venus gives many reasons on how and why humans should explore venus despite its many dangers. a reason that the author provided in the article on why humans should explore venus, was that venus use to be just like earth. going along with this, the author also gives ways of how humans could study and possibly live on venus. the last big way that the author shows on why humans should push torwards studying venus, was that discovering venus would allow humans to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. in this article the author provides many ways of how and why humans should study and explore venus despite its dangers. in paragraph  the author provides information from astronomers saying that venus use to be just like earth. in this paragraph the author states that venus use to be covered with large oceans and could have also supported various forms of life. the author also states many other facts on how venus use to be like earth. venus use to have many features that where very close to earth. venus use to have many valleys, mountains, and craters. in this article it states astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. with these many facts about venus the author also says that one day humans may be able to even live on venus. a huge reason why the author thinks that venus is worth exploring is because one day this planet could be habitable for humans. in paragraph  the author provides information on how humans could live on venus. the author states that the way humans could live on venus would be by floating above all of the harsh conditions on venuss ground. by hovering at about  or so miles above venuss landscape humans would be able to avoid all of the planets dangerous conditions. an example of this theory that the author provided in the article was that just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many stroms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfreindly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. the most important reason that the author thinks that humans should study and maybe even live on venus is becuse the oppurtunites it would open up for humans. in the last paragraph, paragraph , the author provides many reasons on why discovering and living on venus would be so extravigant. in this last paragraph the author states that by studying and living on venus it would allow humans to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this quote from the article shows just how great it could be for humans to take the time and effort to study venus. in the article the author shows that studying and possibly living on venus would be worth taking on the dangers of venus. the author even provides many ways on how humans could avoid those dangers. these facts that the author provides supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. this is easily true because the author even goes ahead and shows why we should at least try to learn as much as we can about venus. overall the author supports the idea of living on venus and doing as much research on the plant because scientists have come up with many safe ways of doing it.