in the article driverless cars are coming, the author gives us the idea of positive and negative aspects of driverless cars being invented and usable to others. i am against driverless cars, although, good ideas about it are stated. google cofounder, sergey brin, believes that these cars will change the world by lowering the amount of gas used that is polluting the air, and using technology to invent better things for everyone. the invention and usage could indeed lower the amount of drunk drivers, but the percentage of accidents would remain about the same. since smarter cars will be made out of pieces of techonology, such as motion sensors, it could always be broken without notice, and not work correctly. the article stated that touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. the question is, what if the touch sensor is broken, or what if the touch sensor can detect a different item being placed on it, to give the effect of a driver holding the wheel? the article states, gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing up into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. yes, an additional vibrate to the drivers seat can notify the driver about something happening, but they would be unsure of if it is a sign for the driver to take over, or a sign that tells a main part of the car is not functioning properly. i believe that the law in majority of the places on earth will deny the allowance of driverless cars, but that is fully on their opinion. driverless cars should not be trusted because it will make humans more lazy and less productive, like they already are now with recent technology releases. people currently driving with their full actions are actually being motivated to use human skills, and at the same time, learn from driving. driverless cars can lead to teens uneligible to drive, take action and pretend that they are driving, when they have no prior knowledge or licensedrivers permit. driverless cars have a possibility of encouraging teens or younger adults who look older than the age they are to become rebellious with their family member owning this type of car. i would have to agree when the article is stating if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? the driverless car driver could always make an excuse of putting the technology at fault, and asking the injured person to let it slide, when the other driver is obviously hurt. you cannot detect if it is the companys fault unless they inspect the car for the driver being guilty, or the manufacturer. driverless cars should not be permitted to be invented due to its fundamental change in the world, stated by sergey brin. the techology of the car could be damaged without the drivers notice. the driverless effect can cause other people without a license andor knowledge to become drivers of their own. the truth will be hard to spill out during an accident on if it is the drivers fault or the manufacturers fault.