back when viking  took the original photo of the face on mars, people have thought that it was an alien symbol. nasa as since debunked this theory. with the improved pictures from the mars global surveyor, it is very clear to see that it is a natural landform, just like those on earth. the face on mars is easily identified as a natural landform. the face on mars cannot be an alien artifact because it has been proven to be a mesa by photographs, is thought to be alien because of movies and magazines, and was created by shadows. one of the best ways to prove that things exist is through pictures. this was shown to be true by the most recent picture of the face, back in april , . by this most recent picture, it is clear to see that the eyes and nose of the face were created by shadows casted by the rock formations. with the  picture, it was thought that something might be hidden behind the clouds present that day. since this most recent picture was taken on a clear day, there is no way that it could be confused for something else, or anything could be hidden. along with clear photographs, the face is only relevant because of theorist and popular culture. like the article unmasking the face on mars says, the face on mars has since become a pop icon. the author goes on to say that it has starred in a movie, books, and magazines. if the face hadnt become so famous, it is possible that theorist wouldnt even have claimed it as alien artifact. the final reason that the face couldnt be a face is because it was created by shadows. if the face had been viewed by the viking  on a different day, it is possible that nobody would have thought that it was a face. as can be seen by the different photos, which were likely taken at different times of day, the shadows are much less prevolent on the mesa. it is still recognizable as the face, but only very slightly. along with that, there are also many also possible landforms that, under the right circumstances, looks like a face because of shadows. based on all of the evidence, it is impossible to think that the face on mars was created by aliens. even with all of the pictures taken, and most references being from the media, and how the creation was based on the time of day, it is difficult to believe that people still believe this. while some people might still believe this, there are many ways that this has been proven wrong. these are just a few of them.