in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a challenge that is worth the risks. the author does this by comparing the atmosphere of venus to those on earth. the author also includes how exploring venus will benefit scientists despite the risks. in the challenge of exploring venus the author does a well job by persuauding the reader that venus should be explored because of the positive effect it may have. the author shows that the conditions of venus are possible by comparing those to the ones on earth in the challenge of exploring venus. the author includes the comparison to show how the conditons will be possible to undergo because they are similar as to those on earth. i am able to identify those comparisons when the author states, astonomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system the challenge of exploring venus. the quote shows the reader that venus is much like earth according to astonomers by using the phrase earthlike. by including astronomers are facinated by venus... the author is using the support of others to support his suggestion about studying venus as well. another way the author compares venus to earth is in the fourth paragraph where he states, ...could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this phrase has a positive connotation to show the reader the postive similarites about earth and venus. the phrase supported various forms of life has a postive connotation because the author wants to give the reader hope that it is possible that venus may be able to do the same just like earth. another way the author supports the idea that venus is worth exploring is by showing how the explortation will benfit scientists. by showing the benefits that exploring venus has, the author is able to say that the benefits will outweigh the risks. one way the author shows the benfits is by stating, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float about the fray. the quote studying venus would possibly further our technology, while benefiting scientists as well as us. to further the authors idea of exploring venus, the author then provides the reader with a comparison of flying over storms to flying over venus. this comparison shows that the author thinks the conditions will be just as easy as flying over a storm. the author shows the benefits by stating, ..scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. the author restated his support, which was a good way to get the point across to the reader. by using the choice of words the author used, the author made it seem as though studying venus was more of a need than a want. he did this by stating would need to get up close and personal... the author did a sufficient job at supporting the idea of exploration in venus in the challenge of exploring venus. the author was able to show his support in various forms. the author compared the conditions of venus to those of earth and used the support of others as well. the author shows how exploring venus would benefit us as well as scientists. as a reader, the author was able to convince me by providing the reader with all the postive comeback that would be recieved by exploring venus, as well as the similar conditons that would be experienced.