in the challenge of eploring venus, the author supports the idea that venus is a worthy planet for exploration. even though it is very dangerous to explore heshe explains how venus might be one of the planets humans will want to vist because it could hold secrets to our planets birth and death. then they tell in full detail how we could possibly vist venus safely. these few key details help the author build and support the suggested idea that we should vist venus. first we must know that going to venus will not be easy for humans to do. in the text the author writes,a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highy corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this further proves that venus is going to be a serious challenge for man kind to vist because of the crazy condtions humans will have to face. in order to vist venus safely we need to be able to plan a way to survive venuss extreme conditions. in the text the author provides examples of how humans will do so such as,the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplains travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying out of their way. this futher proves that traveling to venus in the furture is possible. also that scientists are coming up with ways on how we can safely get to venuss surface. most importantly venus could help us understnad more about space. in the text the author writes,if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further vists to its surface? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this point further proves that venus is a place humans should want to explore because it could hold answers for earths begginings and how it might end. also venus could hold secrets about our universes beggining and end. in concusion the author proves that venus should be further investigated because even though it faces many dangers it is possible to vist. also visting venus could give humans valuble information on our planets life as well as unlock keys to how our universe could have begun and is going to end. the author does more than an perfect job at telling why humans should go to venus.