the age of cars has come to a grinding stop. atleast, thats what the general consensus of these  articles seems to be. although current youth do not see car buying as a major thing in their lives right now, it is highly unlikely it will remain as such because of the structure of an average american lifestyle. cars are a massive staple of the world and hold many things together and allow for fast, easy, convenient travel. the young people of today do not currently have to use cars to get where they are going because of many factors such as friends with cars, human powered forms of transportation  such as bicycles, skateboards, etc.and parents with cars. once these children move away from home to a college or to a job elsewhere they will need a car to maintain a normal lifestyle. we are currently in a second babyboom, this means that there are many young people that do not need cars and thus do not have one, swaying the data away from the car culture. while it is true that some people are trying to reduce their carbon footprint by driving less and using public transportation, the number of them is very small and irrelevant when compared to all people in the world. cars maintain a large amount of appeal that cannot be found in any other form of transportation this appeal is that it is your vehicle, to do whatever you want with and be free, it is also easy and convenient to get from place to place, it is a place to hang out with your friends andor a significant other, it is also faster than any other form of transportation short of a helicopter or plane. cars have so many benefits that people will not just quit driving because of increased carbon emissions, most of which is not entirely the fault of cars. while cars do put out a large amount of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, that amount is inconseqeuntial compared to the massive amou nts of carbon dioxide emitted by volcanos and by other human creations. one volcanic eruption emits around the same amount of carbon dioxide in a few hours as the entire country of america does in  years. cars are not the true issue here, the main reason carbon dioxide is on tthe rise is because of the lack of trees and worldwide deforestation. all plant life can convert carbon dioxide into oxygen during photosynthesis, this means that more plant life equals less carbon dioxide. instead of trying to reduce the number of cars in the world and make life harder on many people, the focus of the world should be to increase the amount of vegetation in the world so as to counterbalance the number of cars in the world. cars have long been an important factor in the world social, political, and economical structure. before the second world war, fuhrer adolf hitler decided that his people needed a cheap, basic car so as to increase germanys economic prowess. due to this vision volkswagen, the peoples car, was started. volkswagen marked the start of cheap, affordable cars for everyday people. although germany lost world war ii, their technology and ideas diffused to much of the world thanks to american and soviet research. their idea of a peoples car spread around the world and the s marked the start of massive sprawling suburbs that relied on personal vehicles to get to and from work, the store, school, or anywhere outside of the suburbs. this was a totally new type of lifestyle it wasnt urban life where you could walk or ride a bus wherever you needed, and it wasnt rural where you made everything by hand and didnt travel often. no, this was something entirely new that was brought about because of the advent of cheap affordable personal transportation. now everyone can get to work relying on only themselves and not bus drivers or train operators, people have a new sense of freedom afforded them by this magnificent new machine, the car. the same ideas and principles that made cars such an important part of culture and life in the s still remain in our lives today. cars will remain an important part of world culture until another form of trasportation is easier, more convenient, andor cheaper. a car gives its driver a fast, freeing, and flexible form of transportation unparalleled by anything today. car use should not be limited, it should be encouraged. ? ?? triforce, illuminati confirmed ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? cars are the vehicle of the future ??? ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?? ?? ? ? ????? ??? ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?? ?? ? ? ?????