first off , in my opinion i think that there is no face on the moon. some of nasa believe that some aliens made the face on the moon years ago. i believe that there is no face and that is beacuse there are no aliens. if there is a face on the moon it was probably made by an astroid or a meteorid that crashed there a few years ago and it was just now starting to form more into a face. if it were aliens who created the face on the moon, why didnt they come back time after time so the humans could see them. honestly, who is there to blame for this mysterious face on the moon? many people may ask, what should we do to figure out if there is a face or not. well in my opinion, i think we should have nasa send someone or some people to the moon and see whats really going on. nasa also doesnt have evidence that there are aliens that did it. they just assume that there are aliens basically. maybe there is really no face on the moon. i really think that maybe nasa should either just let this go or they should just send someone to space to chck it out. i just dont like how nasa has no evidence that there are asliens who made the face. i think maybe nasa should just go check it out for themselves. second,  years ago when viking  snapped a photo of the face on the moon, it didnt really look all that good. even when they took the photo from  and  the pictures still didnt look as nice as they should. people could always just snap a picture and rearrange things in the photo and then make it seem like there is an object there when there really isnt anything there. in the paragraph it even says new highresolution images and d altimetry from naas mars global survey spacecraft reveal the face on mars for what it really is a mesa. that could possibly mean that when they were looking at photos they could have saw something else but rearranged the photo to see another thing that they didnt see but they wanted the world to belive them that a face wa on the moon. that is my opinion on if there is a face on the moon.