debates are going on about whether driverless cars should be developed. i support the development of driverless cars because theyre safer, more affordable, and will be more effective than todays transportation. to begin, driverless cars will be much safer than normal cars because they dont cause accidents. paragraph  states within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. another reason as to why driverless cars are safer than the ones we have today is because they keep the drivers alert, even when they arent driving. paragraph  says some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern. driverless cars are also way more affordable than the cars we have today. sergey brin, google cofounder, sees a future where driverless taxis use half the fuels that todays taxis use, as stated in paragraph . since driverless cars are much less likely to get in a car crash, they are more affordable for the customer as well. paragraph  also states that driverless taxis will offer more flexibility than a bus, so owning a driverless car will be more affordable and get you to your destination quicker. not only are driverless cars safer and more affordable, but they can also get you to your destination sooner. paragraph  states that sensors have become more advanced and will respond much quicker to danger, such as outofcontrol skids or rollovers. paragraph  states their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. also stated in paragraph , the author stays that driverless cars are more flexible and efficient than buses or taxis. even though driverless cars are proven to be more efficient and safer, people debate about whether they should be developed. i believe that they should be developed because they are cheaper, safer, and more effective than todays transportation methods.