when it comes to the future everybody starts to thinks about flying cars or driverless cars. well if you didnt know we arent that far from driverless cars. in fact google has had driverless cars since . you probably havent heard about that but it is true. these cars arent  driverless. every once in a while there is going to be a time where the car will need a human to take over. everybody seems to love these ideas that we will have driverless cars soon. personally i dont like. i feel like nothing is going to change. in fact i feel like there is going to be more crashes happening. i am against the development of driverless cars because people will get distracted easily, people wont have fast reflexes, and people will crash more often. i am against driverless cars because people will get distracted easily. people, especially teens will be on the phone the whole time. this means that they will not be paying attention to the road and watching in case they have to take over the car. also they will be falling asleep. the driver will start to get bored by just watching the road. then they will start to fall asleep. this will risk themselves and if they have passengers too to crash. also if they will be talking to someone. they might have a passenger with them that is a close friend. that friend could be telling a story to the driver that makes the driver not focused on the road but focused on the story instead. another reason why i am against the development of driverless cars because people wont have fast reflexes. the driver could be eating while the car is driving itself. the next thing they know is that they have to start driving. the driver is going to take a while trying to put the food to the side and next thing they know is they will be crashing into some other car. also they could be taking to a friend. if that friend is making the driver laugh the driver wont be ready if they driver has to drive the car himself. lastly the driver would be on the phone. theyll think that since the car is driving itself that it is fine to be on the phone and they wont have to worry about anything. well maybe out of nowhere the driver has to drive themselves, they wont be ready to take over while being on the phone. last reason why im against the development of driverless cars because people will crash more often. if they crash they can cause death of course. the driver thinks that sinec it drives itself then it wont crash at all. well that is wrong and stupid to think about. also they will blame the car. this means that they will say it was the cars fault for not warning me or something. when the driver clearly knws that it was their fault for crashing. lastly they will say they lost control. most of the times when there is a crash its because someone was on the phone.they always say it wont happen to them.they have to be really careful when it comes to taking over the car when they have to. its crazy to think that you will crash, but one small mistake and it could happen. as you can see driverless cars are a big risk. if car companies really want to make these cars then they have to really think about the risks that they are making too. i really dont like this idea because of the risks that are going to happen. i am against the development of driverless cars because people will get distracted easily, people wont have fast reflexes, and people will crash more often. if these casrs do manage to become future cars then people will have to understand the responsibilty to drive these cars.