you may think that the landform that resembles a human face is proof that there is alien life on mars, but it actually does not prove anything. there are many reasons that the mesa could be there, and alien life is the least likely. mesas are common around the area that the face was found, and recent pictures have proved that it is just a landform. even taking the picture on a cloudless, sunny day proved nothing. it is simply a landform, and nothing more. you might argue that it is unlikely that the landform is a mesa because it isnt natural, or that it looks unnatural. while it does look unnatrual, they are actually very common around the area that the face was found. saying that it cant be a mesa because mesas arent common simply isnt true. cydonia has many mesas, the face included. there are plenty of mountains on earth, and we all know that those arent manmade. no one talks about one certain mountain that is manmade, while the rest arent. why should mars be any different? they are all natural landforms, there isnt one thats just man made. you may also argue that the first picture was taken on a day that was cloudy, or that the picture was unclear. you would be correct, which is why nasa went back eighteen years later and took the photo again on a cloudless, clear and sunny day. the picture was taken in summer, which is generally pretty cloudless in mars. there was practically nothing that might obstruct the view of the face, and what did we find? nothing. we found a landform, just like we had found eighteen years earlier. there was nothing to obstruct the view. that means that when we did look and find nothing, that there was nothing there. you still might not be convinced. you might say that we simply werent close enough to find any strange alien markings, or that cameras quality wasnt good enough to see any of the strange alien markings, but that would also be correct. we took a picture of the mysterious face three times. once in , once in , and finaly in . each time the picture was taken, the cameras quality was better. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to the  meters in the  photo. with the image being that detailed, we would have been able to spot things as small as shacks next to the mysterious face. we didnt, however. we found nothing except for the landmark, which proves that it is nothing more than an unusual landmark. in conclusion, there is countless proof that the face on mars is nothing more than an unusal mesa. mesas are common in cydonia, which is where the landmark was spotted. we have taken three photos, the quality better with each, and each time nothing other than the landmark was spotted. we even went back to take the photo on a cloudless, clear and sunny day with our best camera yet, and we still found nothing. that is all the proof that i need, and its all the proof you need. there is nothing on mars other than an unusual landmark, that happens to look like a face.