the views of having cars that drive without the driver actually having some sort of interaction is crazy. three main points im going to discuss are, what are possible promblems that well face, what would happen if the vechile is involved in an accdient, and where would the cars today go. what are possible promblems we could face? some problems are could face are that where would we get the pieces to fix the car. where would the car work best on the cement road or does ot have to be a specific road. what if someone cant afford the car. ill be honest i think the cost fir a vehicle so well advanced and luxurious would be hard to keep maintained. its already hard enough for us to keep our vehicle up to date. just imagagine a typical audi that is normal, leather seats, back up camera, and bluetooth. that audi would only cost bit over ,. now imagine an audi with those same features, the cost may go a nit higher. in conclusion i think its redicuolis for a car to cost a lost more fo the same features except it drives its own self. what would or may happen if a driveless car gets into an accdient? i would think that the car would have the fault because it should have sensors that should detect where and when the vechile is in danger. it also shouldnt make the driver accontable for what happened. if the vechile crashed thats on the manufacturers part. they should be aware of whats happening with the vechile beforenhand. the driver purchesed the vechile because they trust that the manufacture knows that the specific vechile has been tested in every element and that its been proven safe for any human being to drive. all in all my point is that if a crash happens it should be the manufactures fault because the vechile should be safe enough to drive. where the cars from today go? if the cars that are driveless come into the picture of the future would cars from today still be around for those who cant afford it. they would still possibly be around but they would have a seprate lane for them. which isnt really fair but still. they wouldnhave some sort of sticker indicating what kind of car they are, but why would you want to have a sticker that indetifes what specific car you have. i would think that the cars still look the same but instead have some sort of indificton saying what kind it is. i hate how they would do something like that. it propstrious . in my words nothing not even cars should be judged. in conclusion no matter what ends up happining in the futue lets just hope that all those things listed above happen. it would be cool if something like that happen. will it? i have no clue but what do i personaly think of this whole topic. well it sounds like an interesting idea of this happening and if it does happen it would have its flaws and it would have its amazing outputs. ill be honest something this exciting, interesting, and cool would be interesting to have.