i believe that driverless cars will be a great product and will be built in the near future. driverless cars can help prevent a lot of mistakes of drivers. one really good mistake it can prevent from happening is a driver passing out while they are still driving, the car could either take over or vibrate during a event when the driver needs to take over and can wake them up. the author mentioned in the article that most states dont allow the practie of driverless cars because they believe theyre not safe. but how would they know if theyre safe or not if they wont allow manufacturers to test them? i believe that the states that wont allow the testing should build special places so manufacturers can test them out. self driving cars would help car crashes from happening. most of the cars that manufacturers are making is called smart cars and they are starting to build their way to driverless cars. many of these smart cars that the manufacturers are building contain many sensors, in the s automakers used speed sensors at the wheels to create antilock brakes which can prevent drivers from backing into other objects. in , bmw released the development of a car that can handle its self up to  miles per hour, but special sensors make sure that the drivers keep ahold of the wheel at all times. most of the cars that have been developed are far away from being completely driverless. but the author mentioned in the article that some car companies are planning to release self driving cars by the year . i believe that this will happen because technology just keeps increasing and will help manufacturers find a way to completely model a self driving car. the author also mentioned in the artilce that google has had cars that can drive independently under special conditions since . these cars that google has created have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far google has yet to make a car completely driverless. like everyother company the car still alerts the driver when they are need to take over the wheel. with all of this information from the article i believe that driverless cars will be built soon by lots of manufacturers and will be a great product to have. the article had plently of good things to say about driveless cars, and i believe that driverless cars will be built in the near future and will be a good product for drivers to have.