the invention of the car was a revolution in itself, developing a new, faster way to get to far away places. however, the more people use transportation the more it seems to affect our everyday lives in both positive and negative ways. transportation can cause a lot of pollution which could in later years really affect how people live their lives today, but a new carfree revolution could be just what the world needs to delay that probable outcome. pollution comes from all different kinds of things like cars, factories, and even smoking. right now this is the only world in which is sutible for people to live on and all these things that pollute the air could risk how much longer people get to have it. andrew selsky says that in bogota, columbia the  million citizens have dedicated a day in which no personal car transportation is used. this one day has not only helped reduce the pollution, but also benefit the town in many different ways. such as new parks and stores have been able to open, sidewalks have been repaved, rushhour restictions cutting the traffic down, and also the construction of  miles of bicycle paths. this carfree day has also reached out into other countries as well and according to enrique riera, the mayor of asunción, paraguay, these people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders. a businessman named carlos arturo plaza says that the carfree day in bogota is, a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. just one day without having to drive and worry about the risks of driving can take a weight of stress off of some peoples shoulders. in vauban, germany there are no residents that own a single car. elisabeth rosenthal described the city saying that, street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district... some of the towns residents said that having a car would always have them tense and they were much happier living in a no car city. having to deal with every day stress is hard enough, but when you have to deal with additional driving stress it can really take a toll on some people. recent studies suggest that americans are buying fower cars, driving less and getting fower licenses as each year goes by, says rosenthal. america has long been known as one of the worlds prime car cultured countries in the world, but since the peak of miles driven in  these miles have been steadily decrreasing with every year. studies have shown that there has been a big drop in the percentage of  to yearolds who get their license. the percentage of young drivers getting their licenses has decreased by  between the years  and  in america alone. a decrease in people owning their own vehicles means that there could be a decrease in the pollution that cars burden the earth with every year. bogota, colombia is a great example of a new revolution soon to come. this hopeful revolution will not only decrease pollution, but stress as well. a decrease in the popullation of young people getting their licenses could also greatly affect the way in which the world transports people from place to place. transportation can cause a lot of pollution which could in later years really affect how people live their lives today, but a new carfree revolution could be just what the world needs to delay that probable outcome.