in the article, driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. after personally reading this article, i believe a driverless car would be a positive impact on the road today. the article mentions many positive things including fuel efficency, crash proof, advanced safety sensors, and an understanding computer that knows when driving is too difficult for its self. i believe that driverless cars will become a positive impact due to extreme environmental safety, driver safety, and intelligent computer understanding. in the first paragraph, the author states that, the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus.. in our environment, we have had many mishaps dealing with cars and the pollution they cause to our environment from the day they were made. when the author states that the driverless cars would use half the fuel as that of a taxi, it brings hope for the environment that so far no popular vehicle could provide. the cars will not only be protecting the environment, but also humans. the author informs us that the driverless car has gone half a millon miles without a crashp which is a major factor when it comes to the health and well being of humans on and around the roadways. the author continues to talk about googles modified car that, needed a whole lot of sensorsp and had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skidsp. to a beginning driver like myself, a car can be very overwhelming with everything and one you must beware of. the driverless cars are decked out with sensors and cameras to do exactly that. all of the sensors and montiors will help the driver and passagers continue driving without the worry of an accident unlike how driving is now. the driverless not only have smart sensors, they also have smart minds. the driverless car comes with an extreme amount of sensors for protection but the car is also so smart, it understands when driving is beyond its ability and that a human must drive in this area. the author tells us just how smart these cars are, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents.p. the driverless car is not exactly driverless yet, but it is due to the important promise that anyone in or around the driverless car will be safe. in conclusion, the driverless car is more fuel efficent and environmentally safe compared to the vehicles we drive today. not only is the driverless car safe to the environment though, it is also safe to all passengers and pedestrians. the driverless car has many sensors and cameras so that when it is driving, it is as if an aware human is driving instead. the driverless car does have its limits though but it is not afraid to admit it. when roadways become too difficult of the car to drive its self, the car informs the driver when hisher turn is to drive. the driverless is a fall proof, safe car to be driving on our roads today. i am personally excited and very supportive of the newest autopilot car to arrive this year in , and so should you.