the face is a natural landform not a structure created by aliens because scientists have confirmed it. many people still dont belive its a natural landform. i have the following three reasons why i know that the face is a natural landform. reason one the martian mesa is a common landform around cydonia. second reason after the picture was uploaded to the jpl web site they confirmed it was a natural landform. last reason what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms. first reason the martian mesa is a common landform around cydonia. as it says in paragraph two  the face appeared on their monitors but the sensation was short lived. also on paragraph wo it says  scientists figured it was just another mrtian mesa, common enough around cydonia. cydonia is a red planet with an abundant amount of martian mesas. thats why i know the face is just a martian mesa but confusing enough to be taken as an act that aliens might of done. second reason after the picture was uploaded to the jpl web site they confirmed it was a natural landform. on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia the people waited anxiously to see if it was alien made or a natural landform. on paragraph seven it says  thousand of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing... a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. on april ,  it was confirmed that the face was just a natural landform not an alien monument as people thought. last reason what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms. on paragraph twelve it says  what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the america west. it also says on paragraph twelve  it reminds me most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. for those reasons i know that the face is a natural landform. the face is a natural landform not an alien structure because scientists confirmed it. i know this for the three following reasons. reason one the martian mesa is a common landform in cydonia. reason two after the picture was uploaded to the jpl web site it was confirmed it was a landform. third reasom what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms. for those three reasons i know that the face in mars is a natural landform not a monument created by aliens as people belive or want to believe.