in the article, the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursute despite the dangers it presents. i agree with this, i think that venus is worthy enough to study even though its has many dangers to the planet. one claim that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is that people send many spaceship to land on venus, but no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours. a piece of evidence from the text that supports my claim says, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe ths issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. this supports my claim because venus is a challenging planet for humans to sutdy because we cant get a spaceship to land without it crashing after a few hours. but it is still worthy enough to study despite the dangers it presents. a second claim that sudying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is presents is that although venus is much like our planet, we may not be able to survive in venus. a piece of evidence from the text that supports my claim says, on the planets surface, tempatures average over  degrees fahrenhiet, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own panet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encunter on earth. this supports my claim because venus has the hottest surfface tempature of any plant in out solar system. but it is still worthy enough to study despite the dangers it presents. a third claim that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is that people trying to study cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anythng else, from a distnace unless they get up close. a piece of evidence that supports my claim says, hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmospere. another piece of evidence from the text says, therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus woud need to get up close and personal despite the risks. this evidence from the text supports my claim because, people trying to research venus have a hrad time doing it unless they could get up close to the the planets surface. many researchers are working on ways to make the machines last longer despite the risk it may have. but it is still worthy enough to study despite the dangers it presents. overall, i support the authors suggestion that studying venus is a worthy pursute desite the dangers it presents. venus is a worthy pursute desite the dangers it presents because researchers hve a lot to learn from this planet and what it has to hold. just like it says in the text, our travles on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. i believe that when there are things that may be difficult, there will always be a way of getting throuh to it, there will always be someone willing to get through to it, despitte the dangers it presents.