is the face on mars created by aliens or humans? this topic can be very debatable depending on an individuals sate of mind. it may be seen as a natural landform or believed that it was created purposely. some may even say it was the aliens who created it, while others may disagree. in all, this topic should be about looking at the facts than a matter of opinions. the face on mars may seem as though it was created by aliens, while theres proof of it being a natural landform on mars. to begin with, the face on mars is a natural landform. it became a priority, or an important task, to get a picture as soon as possible, to satisfy everyones beliefs. on april , , a nasa team, finally got a picture of it,  times sharper than the original showing there was no alien monument after all. to prove it once again, the nasa team captured another picture on april , . the photo that was taken, was said to use the best quality, to show any mysterious unkowns. the face on mars wasnt equivalent to the name at all, it officially became an ordinary landform as such on earth. as continued, some will sate that it is an alien monument. there have been disagreements, even by scientist, believing it was an alien artifact. when first discovered, it seemed as though it was an egyptian pharoah. when photographs were taken, some argued that it was due to it being winter on mars that the alien monument was missed, but as seen in the photographs, that is not proven to be the reason. the most recent picture was one taken to officially declare that there was no alien monument, using the cameras maximum resolution, which were used to show any objects surrounding it. as seen in the most recent phototgraph, its equivalent to what a butte or mesa would look like. in conlusion, the face on mars is a topic that can be seen with two sides. depending on a persons beliefs or their state of mind, one may think differently. when looking at the facts, it is shown that it was mistaken to be an alien artifact when it really was just a natural landform. nasas teams have been working on a way to prove it, taking massive amounts of time to get the right photographs revealing something equivalent to a butte or messa, but there will always be some who disagree. some may say that it was nasas fault for not showing the real unkown and hiding it to themselves, and taking it at the wrong time. the face on mars is well believed to be known as an alien artifact or an ordinary landform, causing many disputes to a persons beliefs and opinions.