personally i believe that the idea of driverless cars is incredibly neat and could benefit different people in different ways. advancements in technology are always exciting however, i feel as though this development just shows how lazy society is becoming by wanting to do the least amount of manual work as possible throughout the day. while these cars may be convenient, i stuggle to believe they are neccessary to our lives. another negative outcome of driverless cars is diving will be a skill that nobody has anymore if it is used by less and less people over the years. also, a car that does not need a driver would eliminate some jobs from the workforce, like taxi drivers or chauffers, which would be harmful to the economy. driverless cars are currently using sensory technology to give the ability to know surroundings and drive itself so a driver does not have to be bothered to drive the car themself. when this thought is taken into consideration, one could notice how the amount of work that is being put into eliminating the work of driving seems contradictory and pointless. it is arguable that driverless cars may serve purpose to the lives of disabled people who would otherwise be unable to drive themselves but even then, our current technology still requires a human to take over the vehicle at times in work zones, difficult traffic, or arouund accidents. driverless cars are exactly that cars without drivers. the slow decrease in people driving due to these vehicles will cause driving to be a skill that is eventually taken away by the hands of the future. also, if fleets of driverless formed a publictransport taxi system taxi drivers, bus drivers, and other transportation vehicle drivers would have their jobs removed from the workforce. the jobs may not be lost right away due to the fact that the our current technology still ...requires human skills..., but eventually cars would not need drivers at all and these jobs would no longer be needed. in my opinion, driverless cars are an interesting and exciting development in technology but they are not neccessary to our lives. these cars may be beneficial to some people, like disabled people for example, but could have negative affects on the lives of people whose income depends on the need of a vehicle to have a driver. for this reason i do not think that driverless cars should be what is the new normal for our roads.