in my personal opinion, i believe a computer that can read a humanss emotions by just the picture on their face, would be a great idea for children.  a classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored that detail would be exstreamly valuble, if it became real in the future. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instuctor. can you imagine of how student problems can solved, now with this new piece of technology? however, a good side may also have bad side. technology is still growing and becoming more useful then ever, we use techology everywhere, for daily life plans,communicating,playing games even shopping. with those pros, come with cons, technology also has become a tool for unkindness like cyber bullying, not only that. but sick minded people, who find ways to spy on others inside their private homes through their computer cameras. yes, their are simple remedies, like put your computer away with the top down, or when your on soical media. dont give friends your password or post anything you know would be harmful, so a perosn can hack into it, connect to wifis that dont allow everyone to connect to them, because it doesnt happen all the time a person with the right system can see what your doing on your phone. in a conclusion, my point is now, that scientists want computers to calculate emotions . hackers could find a stronger way, to make things dangerouse for people by reading their emotions through the persons private computer unless this idea only stay in school sytems. now, i know i may sound paraniod or even carzy, but if were honest technology is scary. not saying we should never use it or through it away, of course not ,its become peoples life blood now, we it for everything. more over, its the people behind the techonogy that do the harm. not the technology itself. i just really dont want to give more unkind people a better chance of physicaly or emtionaly hurting someone. at the end of the day, i just dont want to give more unkind people like bullies,hackers and others be given a better chance of physiaclly or emitonaly hurting someone. its great if scientists to come up with new ways to save people through techonogy, reading a perosns emotions can fix things and not just for children but young adults, adults the elderly .even people with specal dissablities, if their being tested, a computer can tell if they understand through the emitionals they give infront of the computer. i just want it to have a postive effact rather then a negitve one.