facial action coding system is a new software that has given computers the ability to identify the emotion of a person. it does this by constructing a d model of the face. this new innovative software can identify six emotions of a human. these emotions are happiness, disgust, anger, sadness, and fear. this tecnology can be useful in many different ways in todays world. there are also some things that may not be so good about this either. this software has many positve things about it that can help students and teachers across the world. the software can help inside the classrooms. using this software to calculate and identify peoples emotions, it would be very easy to see if a student is struggling. many students who struggle keep it to themselves hoping to catch on. this may not be the case in every student, though. dr. huang predicts that, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. if this software can actually detect this, then it would make learning and teaching way easier. teachers could try different teaching methods to help with the growth and progress of their students and help them understand what theyre doing. they could aslo try something that is more fun and appesaling to the students. this technology could be lifesaving in the classroom. although this software could help many people everywhere, how does everyone feel about this? if used in the classrooms, some parents and students may not want this to be a part of their learning environment. many students could be sad all of the time due to person issues and home life. would they want their teacher to know that they were always upset? i think that it would be a good idea to first have recieved permission from every student and parent before allowing this into the classrooms. i also think that this software could literally save lives. if it is able to identify these emotions, it could prevent students from harming themselves. the software can determine your emotion based on every little detail of your face. in pararaph  the author states, meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crowsfeet around your eyes. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. with this being said, if you try to hide your emotions, the computer will still be able to tell. i think school counslors should have this tecnology in schools right now. getting proper equipment to identify how a student is feeling could help the counselors talk to them about their problems because not all students will share how they feel. with all the information that i provided, i definitely think that this technology is valuable. the software provides accurate results and it could eaily help students and teachers everyday in the classroom. what more could you ask for than a safe and reliable software that could raise test scores and possibly save some lives? this may just be the next big thing.