i am against driverless cars. i believe that driverless cars, although they may change the world, are too advanced a technology, and some people wouldnt like them. driverless cars would be run by computers, well whos to say the computer wont malfunction or get a virus, ending in the taking of a life? paragraph nine brings in the same problem when it comes to the computer driven cars. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufaturer? driverless cars could cause more accidents than preventing less. television and movies have always seemed to have an interest with self driving cars, as paragraph two put it. look at all the cultural icons that have had self driving cars, inspector gadget, the jetsons, and batman being three icons. the self driving car seems a bit preconcieved for our technology today. i know how many viruses and crashes a computer has, and if that happened on a highway, going  mph, that would cause a wreck. of course there are sensors,in a car, but they woukldnt be fast enough to come to a halt without a driver slamming the breaks. in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilick brakes. sensors have became more and more advanced with technology, since the s. smart roads, could have become more developed, if we had found a better way of sending the signals through to the cars. cars now, have sensors telling you when youre going to back into something, and theres even cameras that you can put on the hatch of the trunk for a better view to back up with. the technology in the traffic jam assistant requires a human driver when a problem occurs. the problem with self driving cars, is that they dont know where a recent accident is, or where work zones are. these cars are not the safest models out there, and i wouldnt allow myself to drive one. driving laws would have to change due to these self driving cars. not all the states are allowing the self driving cars to be tested. traffic laws woukld need to be change. theres also the insurance policy, who would be to blame in an accident? the car manufacturer for it malfunctioning, or the driver behind the wheel? these car that are driven entirely by themselves, seem to put others at risk. many people could be injured from one small glitch in a command code being sent to the car. i am against having self driving cars, because driverless cars could cause more accidents. more people would get injured, or even killed, in more automobile accidents than they already do. television has sparked this idea of self driving cars, but these cars are still under development. self driving cars need to be tested more, and proven more reliable, before being sold on the market. these cars are too advanced for the world at the moment, and with more work they may finally be reliable and safe to drive.