cars nowadays are a big part of our lifes, they take us to where we need to go and help us go to far away places. even though cars are important in our lifes, there are alot of advantages to limited car usage. some places such as vauban, germany have given up their cars. car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to parklarge garages at the edge of the development, where carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home. this results in less people owning or having cars and reducing green house gas emissions from tailpipes. passangers cars are responsible for  percent of green house gass emmissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states source . private ownership of cars are slowly choking our cities, if we limit our car usage little by little it may have a huge effect in our ecosystem. in continuation, there have been situations where the air pollution got so bad that they had to ban driving so they could clear the air. for example in paris, after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of global citysource . the drivers were fined a euro fine if they did not leave their cars at home. in the end the smog cleared and the french party recinded the ban for oddnumbered plates. this is one of the many examples that proves that just by having less cars driving around it eventually changes the way the atmosphere looks and cleans the atmosphere a little. smog is a sign of high air pollution, it indicates that the air is not healthy and this can be harmful to our enviroment. it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. as indicated in the passagesource , carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, just one day without cars can reduce smog imagine if we go weeks without a huge number of cars driving around. this idea might sound crazy to some people but it has suprisingly helped the enviroment. this however is not the only advantage of reducing car usage. some other advantages are that if we go to our jobs in a bike everyday or just go for a walk instead of a drive we are also being more productive and active, hence making us healthier. although some people might find leaving their cars behind is a bad idea, studies have shown that people who do so gets used to the idea and find less reason to resume the habit of car commuting. for example instead of driving to the beach we should ride our bikes or take public busses to get there. without cars we learn to appreciate the beauty of nature more and notice things about the place were we live that we have never seen before. i have came to notice that when you are driving you really dont notice things because you are to busy focusing on the road, but when u have a walk around your neighborhood or anywhere for that matter you see things you have never noticed before and you leaarn to appreciate nature more. the idea of leaving our cars behind is hard for some people, but if you think about the effect it will have on the enviroment it is worth it. in conclusion, carfree cities might sound like a joke to some people but it is helping out in clensing our enviroment increasingly. as indicated in the passage, the end of car culture, if the pattern persistsand many sociologists believe it willit will have beneficial implications for carbon emmissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind power plants. we are responsible for how our enviroment is going to look like in the future years, wouldnt it be better for it to look like a beautiful clear sunny day or a foggy grey fuss? quiting a habit like driving is very hard but the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.