in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present because the planet is like earths twin. according to the article venus is the second planet from the sun, its a very challenging place to examine, and humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this planet. every mission was ummanned, and for a good reason because no spacecraft survived the landing for mroe than a few hours. although, with all the challenges, scientists are still continuing to study the planet. venus has a thick atmostphere of  percent carbon dioxide. it is even more challenging because the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the planet surfaces temperatures average over  degree fahrenheit, and the atmoshperic pressure is  times greater than what is on earth. the conditions there is very extreme, for example, the planet is covered with oceans, it can crush a submarine when is dived into the deepest parts of the ocean. even metals can be liquefied. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it is very earthlike. humans believe that it was once coverd largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has features that are like earth. it has valleys, mountains, and craters. someday, venus could be opened as an option for a planetary visit but it is crucial due to the long time frame of space travel. nasa has one idea of how we could send humans to study venus. according to article, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. just like jet airplanes traveling higher altitudes to fly over storms. a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the harsh contact with the grounds conditions. the article states that, solar power there would be plentiful, and the radiation would not exceed earth levels. the condition is not easy, but the planet is surivivable for humans. in conclusion, venus is a survivable planet for humans because it has many earthlike features. due to the ground condition, nasa has came up with the idea of hovering over the surface to aviod any contacts with the toxic groud. the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit, which most will agree with because it is proven that venus is a survivable planet. it may have many dangerous situations, but luckly, we have scientists who studies things like this to make it possible for humans to go through each danger we might encounter, if we were to one day live on the planet.