gaining vast information and knowlege on the planet of venus would be worth the dangers it pourtreys, because it is the most earthlike planet in our solar system. in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author explains that venus is very valuable planet to scientists and naca, even though all previous missions for exploring it have not lasted for no more than a few hours. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. so it is very important to gain more information and data on such a unquie planet. by gaining information on venus we may learn more about our own planet, earth, which is worth the dangers exploring it presents. while scientists and astronomers would gain vast data and information if they were to explore venus up close, exploring it is not an easy task. in the article it states that each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no scapecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours . also it exclaimed that the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet and venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system . so it is very hard and dangous to send any kind of big technology to venus, without it getting destroyed let alone sending a human and explecting them to make it out alive. even if we were able to send a probe to venus, the article explains that venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes . while there are thousands of reasons for naca scientists to give up on finding information on the planet of venus, they still are trying new ways to make it up there, despite the dangers. scientists find it crucial to continue in their research, for several reasons. the main reason is becuase, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of size, and occasionally the closest in distance too . which makes it important to use venus to learn more about our own planet. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters,which is one of the reasons it is so earth like . also it is important to learn more about venus becuase we currently contain little knowlege about venus becuase researches cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance . for these reasons it is important for naca and other scientists across the world to continue to try and gain a more vast arae of information. in conclution, while venus has presented many obsticles for scientists to get around, they find the prize of great value. although venus is extremly hard to explore because of its ruff teraine and extreme temperatures. scientists find it to be of great value because of its earth like appeal and its unknown information. therefore, scientists and naca will continue to atempt to gain more data on the planet of venous despite the dificulties.