diverless cars i think could be a very good thing to this world. there are some down falls to them but if we put in the right time, i bielieve that we could make it a very useful tool in our enviroment. in this passage i am going to tell you why i bielieve that we should go to computer cars, or at least computer cars that give the human the right to driver, rather than only human conroled cars. my first argue is that it could help us with drunk or tired drivers. for example if someone was out late drinking, or was intoxicated. they could easily get home with out anyone being worried about there safety or safety of others because the computer is taking care of all of that. there would be no more drunk driving and i think everyone agrees that would be a great thing to happen in this world.it would save many lives every year. also with tired drivers, say that your on vacationand have a gery long drive ahead of you. or coming home from a very long day of work. and keep nodding off while driving. you could just flip the car into computer mode and have the car drive without having to worry about falling asleep behind the wheel. also the driver wont have to worry about being distrcted by screaming kids, loud noises, your text messages popping up while driving etc.all those distracts gone. this is a computer is does not reconize any of those actions. it will only know its job, and that job is to drive the car safely my second reason is i think it would be much safer in genral. imaired drivers or perfectly fine drivers.it doesnt matter who you take. computers are smarter then humans they will not make the same dumb mistakes humans make like running a red light, or going above the speed limit, or driveing reckless in snowy icy conditions.the car will do everything it has to do to keep you and your family safe. also if everyone on the road has computer driven cars. no body will have to worry about crazy drivers everyone will be calm and okay. because a safe device is in control of your. my last reason is the police. i bielieve that if these cars become a thing the enviroment will become a better place. also there will be less police chases. and im not saying the police will be off the road completely but if they dont have to worry about reckless drivers as much, they will be able to go out and deal with much more serious crime, because they know that these computers will follow the rules of the road. say one day there was a police chase though. these are computers here. the police should be able to hack into the car and shut it down completly before any harm is done to any one. those are my  reasons that i bielieve that computer driven cars would be a great resource to our community the police services, drunk or impaired drivers, and just safer driving in general. if you dont think that these cars are safe, i think you should change your opinion before they would be relased they would under go numerous ammonunts of testing to make sure that, they okay to be driven on the open roads. once again those are my  reasons. thankyou for reading.