have you ever tried becoming a seagoing cowboy? if not, i suggest that you consider joining the program. the job of a seagoing cowboy is to take care of horses, young cows, and mules which are sent overseas to people that need them. while being in the seagoing cowboy program, there are many positive things such as being able to experience adventures, visiting many unique places, and having the opportunity to help people in need. a seagoing cowboy is able to experience many adventures. when luke was a seagoing cowboy, he had the chance of experiencing a storm while at sea. think about how exciting and adventurous that would be! also luke says that he found time to have fun on board, especially once all the animals were taken care of or unloaded. the cowbobys would then play baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds, or set up different sporting tournements. experiencing a storm at sea and playing many fun games on board are just two examples of the many adventures that could take place as a seagoing cowboy. if you are a seagoing cowboy, you not only have adventures but you also can see and visit many unique places that an average person wouldnt have the opportunity to see or experience. in lukes nine years as a seagoing cowboy, he was able to see and experience some pretty interesting things in europe and china. he specifically saw the acropolis in greece, and thought that that experience was very special. on top of seeing the acropolis, he also was able to take a gondola ride in venice, italy. there would also be many more places to go and people to see. the main reason for becoming a seagoing cowboy would be to help people in need. luke specifically helped people affected by world war ii. the people affected by world war ii needed food, clothing, animals, and more. luke helped with the animals. luke states that he was very grateful for the opportunity of becoming a seagoing cowboy so he could help people in need. he says that it made him more aware of people of other countries and their needs. becoming a seagoing cowboy is a great experience and very beneficial. luke says, the cattleboat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a smalltown boy.