the author is right that venus is a worthy persuit including the dangers that it causes. the author want to examine it more closely but it will have some challenges and time. in the article it say that,maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. meaning that venus is difficult to be on. the planet also got clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. this meaning that the clouds are dangerous. the temperature average is over  degree fahrenheit and it is hard for a human to live on. also the atomsperic pressure is  times greater than what we live on our own planet. the conditions that venus have is greater than earth. venus have weathers like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting. is hard to survive in venus. venus once was the most earthlike planet in our solar system. which is why scientitst want to even travel furture into venus surface. in the past, venus was covered with mostly oceans and couldve form life. venus is still like earth. some of the similar things are valleys, mountains, and craters. venus is sometimes the option for a planetary visit since other planets dont got the conditions like venus. nasa has a idea to send humans to study venus which will take time. nasa came up with the jet airplanes. which it can hovered through venus and avoid it unfriendly conditions. even though the degree fahranheit would still be high, the air pressure will be close to sea level on earth. in the last sentence of paragraph , the author say,not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. as in meaning that humans could survive venus. the author point is trying to prove that studying venus isnt easy. in paragraph  is talking about how venus have many challenges and researchers just cant study it.  exmaples is that, the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions. another one is photos and videos arent effective. last one is, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else. the researchers and scientists are trying to find another way to understand venus and need to get up close. researchers are also working on machines that can last long enogh to know more about the planet. the author put paragraph  in to show how difficult it is to study venus. the author point of writing this article was to prove how risky it is. the author say,striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. which means humans will stlll find a way to look into venus because of how curious we are. the author have proven their point by showing evidence throughout the whole article about how venus is hard to study. the author also say that technology from modern day could help but also cant help for extreme conditions. his or her idea of studying into venus is worthy but risky was proven.