there are a lot of advantages when it comes to limiting car usage. car ownerships are allowed,but there are only two places to park. cars owners have to buy space in the thousdands that means you are spending more money then you should be. having a car is a lot to worry about the gas and car notes and things like that were if you didnt have a car it would be less stress on you. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions. stores have placed walk ways on main streets to inform people that walking is better then just getting in a car. the private cars owned by the middle class are choking the cities. this problem wont go on much longer the environental protection agency is promoting car reduced. if a lot of cars drive at once it will produce air problems just like the one in paris they have ban driving to clear the air of the global city. it was a law everyone had to follow or they would be fined  dollars or your car could be impounded. also in china the cold nights and warm days makes layer of air trap which causes car emissions which is why we are sorounded by smog but paris has more smog than china. some places like bogota,colombia have days called car free day where they could not use their cars thre hole day they took buses, biked, skated,or hiked to work. its a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution but this act didnt just start in the mids. it will be a good thing not to have cars for a day then everyone would be getting in space even the ones that dont wont to. if you really look at it recent studies show that americans are buying fewer cars and not as many people are getting their licenses as the years go by. maybe driving isnt all it cracked up to be in the end if you think about owning a car is a little stress all the things you have to make sure your car have just so you can keep it on the road and sometimes you also have to put a lot of money into a car to get it fix. maybe not having a car is not a bad thing anymore just think about it and you tell me.