the claim as an imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even trying tot hide their emotions. perhaps the new software developed improvements in perceiving emotions of others. it explains within facial expression for each emotion. by using the software as they use to do tracks and making it d realistic, it can identify mixed emotions. each expression is compared against a neutal face which meaning no show of emotion. as an example, imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen then a smiliar ad might follow but if you frown the next ad will be different. i know that its not true that if you make a confusion face in front of the computer screen it wont appear a confusion. lets say you make of your own, using the computer to make a d of a person face which it could be anybody, you control and how you feel into it, itll appear what you put in and it will show how you felt about it by loking of your final results on making the portrait. for humans which they perform the same impressive calculation of how much emotions come into what you feel. as an example you have a friend and you look upon their face, you wonder and can tell if their sad or happy. its way different as they say on software than in person as a human. you can automatically describe how the person feel is by looking and talking to them. it shows a lot and you can define if they are good or not. by knowing the differences on defining facial expression each on software and as a human, they are two completely different things and how it can be solve too. as being explained how they calculated by using technology and making d mona lisa, showing emotion to it collecting your actions. by how you make it as weighting the different units. in human which person per person, you can define their feelings and talk about it. theres no way you can hide away your feelings because sometimes you can sense it. it shows more out and can easily say what they feel than as software which is not believable or no comparasion.