why should you participate in the seagoing cowboys program? this program sent people across the sea with animals, food, and other resources that other countries needed after world war two. i have personally participated in this program. after crossing the pacific ocean multiple times and the atlantic ocean more than  times, i would say this experience changed my life completely for the better. others should join this charity type program, it will improve you and your life. becoming a seagoing cowboy is a great experience to have participated in. you get to see many natural and manmade landmarks you otherwise would not see. you get to visit many other cities and countries you would never be able to go to if you werent hired as a cowboy on a boat. luckily, you can easily become a seagoing cowboy to make your life so much more exciting. also, since youve always wanted to sail the seas, this would be a great opportunity. youll always be excited as you float upon an uknown section of the earth. it almost sounds like a fairytale, but you can fortunatley actually live it. during what will be the greatest time of your life, you wont be lonely either. as a seagoing cowboy, its a chance to be social and put yourself in a friendly environment. you can play games and sports with the other participants. find someone with the same hobby and have a conversation with them, so you will have a pal to do your favorite hobby with. just have a talk about the things you saw, what you did, what you were thinking before you decided that it was obviously a good idea to become a seagoing cowboy for the unrra. play tabletennis with them, maybe baseball, or volleyball. do some reading by yourself or wih your pal to keep your brain just as good as its always been. maybe you want to box someone, or help someone out. as a seagoing cowboy, you would be helping a lot of people and even countries get back on track after the devestating world war, which is unfortunatley the second world war. it could be a way to contribute to a charity. by directly delivering food, animals, and help to those who are helpless. now, when you think about how thats what youre doing by going out to the sea, it makes you feel good, doesnt it? not only does it make you feel great about your own life, but it actually makes another countries inhabitants feel good about their life, that they have their life despite the ruins of their country and their world after the war. so, its obviously better for everyone when you become a seagoing cowboy. since youll be helping other countries, having fun with friends, and experiencing a lot soon, you may be secondguessing yourself and thinking, what if i dont want to go to water, and i dont want to sail the seas? well, assuming you dont like the water, you dont go on a boat often. since one main thing of being a seagoing cowboy is the experince, youll be trying something you havent done or dont usually do. you may still not like the fact you are on a boat in the sea, but after that, there are more benefits than there are things you dont like, which would be only one con. so you should join and participate in the seagoing cowboys program, make your life better, and others too.