exploring venus would not be an easy task, as mentioned by the author of this article, but the author believes that studing venus is worth the dangers it presents. the author lists some reasons for studying the planet and many reasons why it would be dificult. venus is a very forboding place that is not kind to the human race. the author lists some reasons why venus is hard to study, such as the atmosphere is  percent carbon dioxide, and the clouds are of corrosive sulfric acid. the carbon dioxide atmosphere makes the pressure put on the surface  times greater than what is on earth. the sulfric acid can eat throught many metals over time and will constantly erode anything we send there. the surface tempature of venus is about  degrees fahrenheit which is hot enough to melt tin. the author also give some reasons why we should try to visit venus. one is that venus may have been like earth long ago. venus once had large liquid oceans that could of supported life forms, and it has many geological similarities to earth such as the surface being rocky, sediment buiding up, mountians, and creaters. venus is also the closest planet at times and could be crucial to space travel as a stop along the way. many new technologies would come from trying to visit venus. some listed by the author are simplified electronics made out of silicon carbide, these components have been able to survive for three weeks in similar conditions to the surface of venus. another technology would be bringing back mechanical computers used in world war ii and repourpose, and advance them. mechanical computers may last longer int he harsh conditions, but lack the speed needed for complex computations. the author gives several reasons why trying to study venus would be benifical and backs up their claims with sufficent evidence. the author also gives several counter claims to let readers see the other side of the debate and lets them choose. technology is another thing listed that dosnt have a whole lot to do with the debate but is more of a positive by product, so that could also be a reason why we should visit. overall the author does a exceptional job in argurig why we should try to study venus even if it is difficult, the human race will prosper.