think about a country without cars. you might say thats rediculous but there are many pros to not having a fuel running engine as your transportation all the time. there are some families that dont even own cars. automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically to reduce geenhouse gas emissions from tail pipes. passanger cars are responsble for more than  percent of greenhouse gas emissions and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. there have been efforts in the past two decades to make sities denser, and better for walking, planners are now taking the concept to the suburbs. basic presets are being compact and more accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking. stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. using to many cars for transportation isnt so good for any city, state, country for example france. after days of near record pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the city. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. most cars run on fuel so diesel fueal was blamed the majority of pollution in the air that cars produced. delivery companies would complain of lost revanue, the exceptions were only made for plug in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers. public transit was free of charge. its a really good opporunity to take away all the stress and lower are pollution. cars are great for transportation but the days without cars can be part of an improvement all around the world. parks and sports center can bloom throughout the city, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. if we persist with using car transportation as a resource less it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviornment, since transportation is the second largest source of america emissions.