many people are wondering should we still study venus despite the dangers it presents? people also wonder how are venus and earth are alike and why we call venus or sister planet? in this article the author is telling the readers that studying venus is worthy despite the dangers it presents. in this essay i will be telling you why the author this it is worthy to study venus. the first reason why the author thinks it is important to study venus is because earth and venus are very much alike. venus could not only have humans livng on its planet by animals too. just like earth. the article states that venus is covered largley with oceans and could support various forms of life. much like earth and how earth has huges bodies of water that have fishes, sharks ect., living in them. the article also states that venus has a surface of rocky sediments and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains and carters. earth also has plenty of rocky areas that people can live on. this information proves that venus can not only have humans living on its plantes but animals as well and how earth and venus provied ways for humans to live on their planet. we have idea that could be made for us to visit venus and stay safe. yes, venus has weather dangers and tempreture dangers but we have the technology now that we can visit venus and stay safe from all of those dangers. the article states that nasa has this idea of creating a vehicle that can aviod all unfriendly ground conditions by stating up and out of their way. the article also states that venuss temperature will still remain the same but the air pressure in the vehicle would be close to that of sea level on earth. so that the person traveling in this object will stay safe and stil get all of the information heshe needs from venus. this information lets us know that nasa has the idea of creating a safe way of getting information about venus. overall, despite all the dangers that venus has i personally agree with the author that we should still study venus. if we never studied venus we would have no idea why we call it out sister planet. or how a human could potentaillly live on venus. so i think that it is important to study venus so we know all of the answers to our question.