i am for the driverless car. i feel that these cars could make life easier. lets think about some of the things that come with the car though. the car has features that are mind blowing. some of those features are sensors for surroundings and a vibration of the seat etc. also this car is almost selfdriving, you hardly have to even touch the steering wheel. also it could help you dramatically. this car makes a long trip a easy and fast one like your destination is right around the corner. first, the sensors are important for the car. auto makers used sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. but within  years those sensors has become more advanced to detect and help you respond to danger. the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce the power of the engine, allowing a better control of the car than a human driver could handle. also the sensors could be used for your surroundings. when there is traffic and the car cant handle it, it sends you a message to take the wheel. this could prevent accidnets by alot. next, this car a practically selfdriving. this car can handle driving functions up to  miles per hour. the car also has special touch features to make sure if there is an emergency that you can take hold of the wheel. it can steer, accelerate, and brake all by themselves. but again the driver has to remain alert because the car may notify heshe when they need to regain control of the vehicle. some of the notifications are heads up displays, vibration of the seat, or a sound. this car could actually help you out alot. say your a person who cant multi task very well. its raining outside and you cant direct your hand to the windshield wipers nozzle while keeping your eyes on the road. see now thats where the driverless car come in. while the car is driving and its raining outside and the windows get really wet, you can simply turn the winshield wipers on hassle free. this car could make you life alot easier. as a conclusion i have provided reason why i am for the driverless car. it has sensors to help me out on the road, its pratically self driving, and it could make my life alot easier. there are many other great reasons why i am for this car, but there was simply not enough space. now i have one question, why wouldnt you buy it?