exploring somewhere new could be fun or could be a waste of time. though their are many dangers in going to new places that you have never been before, it is akways worth a shot. so where are we actually talking about going? venus, despite the dangers, is a worthy pursuit. i believe that it is worthy, because it is the most earthlike planet in the solar system, it still has some features that are analogous to earth, and it can be the nearest option for a planetary visit. firstly, i believe that venus is a worthy pursuit, because it is the most earthlike plant in our solar system. scientist believe that venus probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. you can find this is the text saying,astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. secondly, i believe that venus is a worthy pursuit, because it has some features that are analogous to those on earth. though venus may have been covered in oceans or supported forms of life, it also has features that earth didnt know could even be there. you can find this in the text reading,today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. lastly, i believe that venus is a worthy pursuit, because it can be our nearest option for a planetary visit. though traveling to mars or the moon is what we usually set explorations for, venus is the nearest planet we could visit. traveling to venus can sometimes be crucial when given the time frames of space travel. i have found this statement that allows me to believe that,...recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. so traveling can be considered fun or a waste of time. what do you think? are you travelling to venus? considering my following points, that venus is the most earthlike planet, it has features analogous to those on earth, and it can be our nearest option for a planetary visit, i believe that venus is a worthy pursuit, despite its danger.