in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author supports his claim by stating that the reasoning for continuing research on how to get to venuss surface is, because it was once very similar to earths surface long ago. astronomers claim that venus probably had oceans and supported many different life forms just like earth. the author states that the value of returning to venus seems idisputable due to the fact that it is sometimes our nearest option. since it is our nearest option and giving consideration to how long time frames of space travel are, this is a pretty good claim. so far the authors claims are, that it is our nearest option and it was once very much like earth and habitable. the only problem now is venuss surface conditons. on venuss surface the temperatures average is over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than it is on earth. however the author goes on to state that nasa has a possible solution to the conditions on venuss surface. nasas possible soolution would be to have a blimp like vehicle hover  miles above venuss surface. even though the temperature would be around  degrees fahrenheit it is still survivable for humans. however researchers cannot take samples of venuss surface by hovering in a ship safely above the planet. the author states that instead of looking at the problems as risks we should look at them as challenges. the author claims that striviing to meet the challenges presented by venus has value because human curiosity will likely lead us to many more equally intimidating endeavors. also that our travels beyond earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. so the authors claims for furthering research on how to get to venus are, its the nearest planet to us, it used to be very hospitable and much like earth, and that we should see the risks as challenges and find ways to get past them. the author supported these claims very well.