the electoral college is a cruel, pointless process that simply makes a percentage of votes, or all of them if you look at it that way, to mean nothing, and allows for circumstances like the  election. there are plenty of reasons, and plenty of contradictions in in defense of the electoral college five reasons to kep our despised mehod of choosing the president. to begin, the winnertakeall system is very unfair to the voters. voters in certain, dominated areas are supposed to know what they are voting for, yet get nothing to teach them? not that it matters regardless, since every person within a state supports a political party, right, and, depending on your states veiw, all republicansdemocrats have no idea what they are voting for, correct? like bradford plumer says, you shouldnt have to move to ohio to be able to get a vote. there is also the point countered mr. posners article, which is that those in partydominated states will have a feeling their vote doesnt count, and he sais that one vote will not swing an election. then why do you beleive an upside of the elecoral college is that those in more neutral states will feel their vote counts? or do those in partydominated states not matter, since those in neutrals think way more about their votes, and are the only ones you should trust, according to him? in practice, they are the only deciding factor . there are also the many unwanted results from electoral colleges, such as the  elections outcome defying the people. what is the electoral college? states you are voting for electors when you vote, but what is the point if they can simply defy you? it would be like if after the president was chosen, the senate could overule him with a  vote. there is also the point in plumers article about the time hawaii sent two slates, which forced the desicion to nixon, who had to validate only the opponets votes in fear of otherwise receiving bad publicity. there is also the strange way of resolving a tie, which boils down to the same thing as the winnertakeall system, except if more people support it doesnt matter. it would be like if everybody in the room wasnt alowed to vote, other than one voted, but everybody in the room agreed anyway for some strange, miraculous reason. of course, the one guy in the next room doesnt agree, and completely takes out your vote, regardless of the fact that there were  people in this one. now, there is the gregarious amount of contradictory statements that can be found within mr. posners article. one has already been mentioned in the winnertakeall system paragraph. he also conveintly provides a dispute that had nothing to do with a close vote in the electoral college, and everything to do with what is wrong with this winnertakeall system, being the  election. in the same paragraph, me mentions how an electoral tie is highly unlikely as if a tie between the millions of us citizens is. his reason  can be easily solved by simply giving the presidency to the candidate who receives a plurality of votes, rather than a majority. reasons number  and  both contradict reason  as well, stating that everybody gets a vote, only swing states should get a vote, and only bigger states should get a vote even when there is a  split, where , mind you. thus, the electoral college is completely unfair to voters, and should be abolished. voters should not have to vote for other votes which could very well defy theirs, why not just have the electoral cllege do all the voting then? it is both redundant and unfair.