driving is often one of the most frightning things to many peole whether they are starting to get their permit, or if theyve been driving for a long time. the idea of driverless cars came to the mind of sergey brin, the cofounder of google. he even envisions a future where the public can have access to a transportation system such as cars that can drive themselves, and a publictransport taxi system that uses half the fuel of modern cars. in the article, driverless cars are coming, the author wrote about the positive and negative sides to these inventions. the article covers many things about them however, it does not fully explain the true nature of such vehicles being available for public use. these cars should not be allowed to be bought and used by the public. as stated in paragraph two of the article, it states that these driverless cars arent fully driverless. these cars have no crash thus far, but how safe is it really compare to their rival brands? google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents, what the sentence means is that these cars dont have one hundred percent control of how they drive. they require the driver to be full alert when pulling in and out of their driveways. little do they know, that accidents can still happen when they have claimed they are better than any other car brand that uses the same radars and sensors. google isnt the first company to think of a smart car which isnt a surprise to those who have looked into different car brands. companies like tesla, mercedesbenz, audi and nissan plan to have driverless cars by the year . in , bmw announced their development of a car called the traffic jam assistant. the difference between the traffic jam assistant and the driverless car is that bmw added a design to where the car itself notifies the driver when human skill is required. another design element to the car is that the drivers seat actually vibrates to alert the driver when the vehicle is in danger of backing into any object. this choice of car is more safer than the driverless car as the google car relies on the driver to focus on the road. every driver has looked away from the road before, so it wouldnt be a surprise if an accident were to occur. though there is another safety mesasure added to the google car, a camera to watch the driver to make sure they keep their eyes on the road ahead. this could lead to some issues for privacy as people have been sensitive in the pass about their identities being shown to corporations. not only could this lead to court sessions, but also lead to a possible debt for the company. as stated earlier, the author did list both negative and positive things about the google car. paragraph eight shows the psychological side for drivers with this car, wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? we have to interpet the driving fun in a new way, dr. werner huber stated. manufacturers hope to do that by having entertainment and information systems that have displays that turn off when the driver needs to pay attention, an option drivers who want to use their electronic devices do not have. it is stated that this option is a safety feature however it could be more of a distraction. the use of electronics has increased, and todays modern society is easily distracted by this. when the car needs the driver to take the wheel, how will the driver react while theyre busy looking at a screen? safety is a big concern, and so everything should be looked at and thought through. states nationwide have already made it illegal to drive test computerdriven cars. some states have limited the use of it, and it is because the safety of the cars are still not certain. if the car is proven to be of safe use, new laws will have to be made and so will the coverage of liability in a case of an accident. if most states have seen it as unsafe, why continue to research ways to make smart cars? automechanics have focused on their work, and assume that these problems will be solved in the near future. how can we be so sure? technology everyday is improving little by little, and so is the need to travel. we have the technology to make whatever the mind wants to create, but some ideas should stay ideas. its not a terrible ideas, but it could bring more trouble for everyone business to home workers alike. safety to the public should always be the number one concern, not how high tech the car itself is. instead of causing more accidents due to the car mechanics, we should let the drivers learn properly how to drive.