driverless cars are an innovative creation that are slowly entering the world. their creators are working hard to improve them so that their passengers can be comfortable, but more importantly safe. big companies like google, general motors, bmw, and tesla are looking into the science of driverless cars. they are finding new functions in driverless cars that normal cars dont offer. this new technology could be a huge step forward for mankind in the science world. in my opinion, driverless cars are a great idea that can provide many benefits for its users. one reason that engineers are so interested in driverless cars is because they could better the entire transportation system of the world. sergey brin says he sees a future where selfdriven cars provide a taxi system, and no one has to own their own car. these taxis would provide the passengers with more freedom than a bus or train would, and they would use less than half of the fuel that taxis today use. of course, this is just what brin envisions, but the sooner engineers work towards that goal, the sooner it will be achieved. scientists and engineers are adding more sensors to cars to imitate a human driver. sensors have provided more safety for drivers since the s. sensors can apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. already, we see technology being created that can control a car better than humans can, ultimately providing more safety. also, these sensors could prevent accidents, such as braking the car before hitting a pedesetrian that the driver didnt see. sensors provide a sort of cushion to fall back on in the case that a driver becomes distracted. in , bmw created a car that can do many tasks by itself, letting the driver relax. many people fear that the cars could get out of control, but as with the traffic jam assistant that bmw created, drivers can still take control of the car. when the car realizes that there are difficult conditions ahead, it notifies the driver to let them take over, providing the utmost safety. some car companies are working to creat incar entertainment that would instantly turn off when the driver needs to take over. this feature is a better alternative to texting or calling someone or a phone, and could actually provide more safety as well as being a source of entertainment. driverless cars are also beneficial in the fact that they could eventually provide transportation for people with disabilities. for example, blind people can not drive, which many see as a struggle for day to day life. with driverless cars, blind passengers wouldnt have to drive, and therefore could have more freedom with traveling. the same idea applies to those with other impairments, such as a broken limb or a mental illness. driverless cars are far from being ready for the average personn to use in daily life, but they are slowly getting there. the overall concern for manufacturers are the safety of their passengers. in times to come, driverless cars could actually provide more safety than human driven cars. not only that, but they could also make transportation for all people less of a task.