why does nasa consider the face of mars to be a natural landform? they claim that the face is the martian equivalent to a butte or mesa. there are multiple points of evidence that support this claim. firstly, nasa has traveled to the location multiple times, and photographed it extensively. in the passage, it is stated that nasa sent two different spacecraft to photograph the formation three different times. while viking is camera appears to capture a facelike structure, this is not the case. in the passage, it is said that to confirm that this was a natural occurence, nasa sent the mars global surveyor to capture another image. this image was much sharper, and appeared to favor the idea that the site was natural. some people were not satisified due to a claimed haze that hid the structure during the cloudy, windy period on mars. the global surveyor was sent back a second time, and this time, it captured clear, still images that are at the absolute maximum resolution. about . meters per pixel. this was more than enough to capture an image of any structures on the site, but none were found. in addition, nasa has no reason to keep the public misinformed about the socalled alien face. quite the opposite actually, as nasa would benefit immensely from the funds that could be acquired using the publicity. if there was conclusive evidence supporting the claim the alien face was a monument constructed by ancient martian civilizations and not just a natural formation on the planet, nasa would advertise the claim and its evidence in an attempt to receive more funding. on the other hand, i can see how some people could be fooled into believing that there was once a civilization on mars. in the passage, nasa uses a caption that says the structure resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. however, now that nasa has investigated the site and taken multiple photos confirming the site as a rock formation, the structure should be regarded as a regular martian mesa that posseses an uncanny resemblance to a human face. in conclusion, the face of mars has been proven to be little more than a large rock formation that simply bore an unnatural resemblance to a human face. the belief that it is otherwise a structure of ancient alien origin is unsubstantiated and incorrect.