emotions are apart of everyday life. the way humans react to emotions is not always easy to recognize though. as a result, misunderstandings come in and miscommunication happens and life gets that much more complicated. in the article, making mona lisa smile, by nick dalto, it talks about a new technology called the facial action coding system. this particular system is able to use computers to identify human emotions based on their facial expressions. the use of the facial action coding system to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it could show when a student is not understanding based on their expressions, it could help the teacher to know when andor if a student has the lesson downpacked, and the technology is set up based on experts opinions and reasrch. the facial action coding system is something worth investing in because the world is becoming more and more advanced and with this system, computers could possibly know whether a student doesnt understand what is being taught. in the article, the author explains how the system works. the text says, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions... each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. this example shows how with the software, it will be able to pick up on when a student is expressing signs of distress because they dont understand. the author also uses the example of web ads. he says, ...if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. this proves how the technology will be used to observe and then change to the persons preference. this would be a big help in the classroom because students have different styles of learning and the computer can help to identify which one a student prefers. if the system continues to grow, it could somehow enable the teacher to know when a student is ready to move on to another lesson because they already know what is being taught. in parapgraph six, the text explains how the programming can be modified. an expert says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this particular example from the text shows how the technology is so advanced that it help the teacher by doing hisher job. the software could somehow notify the teacher when a student is ready to move on or when one needs to work on the lesson a little longer. the technonlogy is set up based on experts research and opinions, so as there are more studies done, the system would be able to tell more accurately what a student is feeling and the lesson could be adjusted based on that. in paragraph five, the author supports his claim by saying that dr. huangs new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. dr. huangs research shows that the software will be continously changing and with those changes, comes advances that will be better equipped to help a child in their classroom. the author uses dr. huangs opinions to further his claim. dr. huang states, using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movements. the explaining of the software proves that it will help children in classrooms because it was built upon years of studying and experiments. and those tests were used to build a software that could possibly change the world. facial expressions can sometimes make one amused or angry or they could even make a person fall in love. the problem is, it is hard for a person to read another persons face unless theyre an expert. in making mona lisa smile, the author argues how a technology called the facial action coding system will help computers correctly idenity human emotions based on their facial expressions. the use of that software would be very valuable in a classroom because it could be aware of when a student does not comprehend what is going on, it could help the teacher to know when students are really getting the concept of whats being taught and because the technology is being constantly modified based on research and opinion, it would be reliable. with this technology in classrooms, confusion about what the student feels about the class and the work will be a thing of the past.