this new software could be very good to our schools and teachers could really tell what their students are feeling just by looking at the students. facial action coding system could be good for a classroom setting. it can be used for lots of things but the things that are important are, that the system could be used to see if a student is really retaining the lesson that they are being taught. the other use it can be used for is that the system can be used to see if a student is upset or mad when first walking into school. the last use for this system is if the student is getting frustrated by the work that their teacher has assigned to them. the part of seeing if a student can really understand a lesson. the given student might not want to tell the teacher that he doesnt understand a lesson so that the student doesnt feel embarrased. this way using the technology the teacher can make that student feel comfortable, and try to see where the student is getting confused at. the teacher can help the student. hopefully they understand the lesson a little more after a one on one. the other use of this facs is that the teachers or staff of the school could possibly see if a student comes into school upset or angry. if so the adult could try and see why the student is upset or angry. this would really help the student feel more positive in school. if the adult would comfort the student and see where their problems are coming from then it would help the student feel more safe inside the school. the final use of the technology is that while a student is doing their work. their teacher can see if their student is getting frustrated by it or if they are just completely lost in the lesson. this could result into the student getting help from their teachers and not getting low test scores. and most teachers wouldnt have to worry about their student failing the class. the teacher could assign tutoring to the student and they could get some extra help with what they continue to struggle on. the ending result is that this technology should most definetly be in schools. this technology could literally change the ways certain people view the idea of school and the work that it comes with. the number of kids failing classes each year would most likely decrease since they could be getting a better understanding on the lesson. facs should be in our school system.