have you ever wanted to go to the other side of the world? as a seagoing cowboy you can do that and much more. you can see sights and learn about them. you learn about hard work and how to do different things. you can have fun while doing a job. last, you get to help others who have less then you. if you like this stuff then this is the job for you. one cool thing about being a seagoing cowboy is that you get to see a lot of cool sights. you can travel to different parts of the world. in the article it talks about how luke went to china, greece, and other parts of europe. another thing about the sights is that you can learn new stuff about the places you see. also you can meet new people and maybe even talk with them. last, you can have your friends come with you and you can see the sights with them and enjoy both. the sights are great but what you learn is also great. there are lots of things to learn on a cattle boat. one thing about being a seagoing cowboy is that you learn about hard work. like in the article it talks about lukes aunt katie and her farm that he worked on and how that prepared him for the hard work on the cattle boat. one thing that will help you learn hard work is caring for the animals on the boat. so when you come home your parents will be happy that you learned what hard work is so they can trust you with different things. another thing you on a cattle boat is doing your share of work, because if you are not doing your share of work then your crew mates are going to get mad fast. being on a cattle boat also keeps you busy so you can stay out of trouble in school or at home. all the stuff that you learn is good, but everyone wants to have some fun while doing a job. another reason that you should go on a cattle boat is that it is fun. no one wants to do something that is not fun. on the way back you get to play baseball, volleyball, tabletennis, fencing, and boxing. you can also read or whittle if you would rather do that. it also says in the article that luke had fun on board the ship especially when they were returning. it is good to do a job that is fun to you, but also do a job that helps others and not your selve. one last reason you should go on the trip is that it opens up your eyes to all the people who could use our help in the world. like helping people who could use the food from the animals that you are bringing over or they could use the money that they would make by selling the animal. like in the article it talks about luke and how it opened up the world to him by saying im grateful for the opportunity, it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. these reasons that i have given you show why you should work on a cattle boat. you will see great sights, understand about hard work, you get to enjoy it while doing a job, and you get to help out the world by the way luke did. so why would you pass up the chance of doing all those things by becoming a seagoing cowboy?