in the article driverless cars are coming, the author clearly states that they have made new technologies to allow driverless cars. this can be a good thing and a bad thing. here are examples on why these cars would change the public transport taxi system, as paragraph one states. the driverless cars are a new evolution of taxis. they are useful in so many ways. the cars are installed with a video camera on the rearview mirror, automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. these cars have multiple safety feautres within them. this would be the safest way to travel without having to do anything but get in and turn it on. the problem most people are worrying about is malfunctions with the steering and just little bugs the car will have. although they have taken the prototypes on the road and driven around with them, they all have seem to taken some minor damage. there are problems with almost every car in the world. it all just takes time. the auto steering and autobraking systems in the car make these cars such a hassle. as paragraph  states about the legality and regulations of these cars, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. if we do allow these cars, we will need new traffic laws and make sure that we know who covers the liability. if something goes wrong with these cars, the liability should be put on the manufacturer. although, they should come up with a warrantytype deal. that would allow people after so many days accident free after the purchase, to then push the liability onto the manufacturer. in conclussion, to make these cars safe and able to be driven. many little and big steps will be needed to make this happen. laws will need to be changed and liability issues will need to be placed. these cars would be the turn of the st century. although there are some people who dont like the fact that the car will be driven with technology. even though technology will be applied to this car, you will still be alert when driving because if something stops working you have to take over. that is what most people dont support about these cars. i think this would be a wonderful idea to go through with, but there would be lots of little bugs with it in the first test run of letting everyone have these cars.