the develop of the driverless cars is not a good idea. in the article driverless cars are coming, there is more negative outcomes about this idea. driving for some people may be boring and very hard to stay awake when driving. its better to control your own car then to get into an accident because your car didnt drive right or something bad happened. i think this idea of driverless cars is not good for our future. there may be some positive things about a driverless car. like it can drive for a long time and you dont have to control it. in the text, the car can handle driving functions at speeds of  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold on the wheel. meaning the car will drive for a long time only if the driver has his hand on the wheel. but what if they dont they might end up in a crash or something worst. another thing is that it tells you when you need to control it again. in the text it says, gm had developed drivers seats that vibrate attention whenever a problem occurs. thats good even though there can be bad things about that. especially if the driver is not paying attention. in the other hand, the idea of driverless cars has more negative parts about it. for example the drivers need to be attective just incase they need to drive the car. in the text it says, this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. which means the driver must always have their attention on the road if they are not driving. another thing is that as a driver you must drive when you near accident sight or a traffic area. in the text, they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues.the cars may control themselves but when there is a accident or traffic the owner must drive it which isnt really nice.if an accident happens the owner can be accused. in the text, if the technology fails and someone is injuried, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer. that is not good at all because it may not be the owners fault but he still gonna get accused of the accident. having a driverless is not a really good idea at all. the car may control itself but theres still times when a driver needs to control it. some people are to busy yelling at their kids, changing their kids diapers, getting ready for work, and texting on their phone. they are not going to have time to control the car just because it cant drive through areas where they is accidents. they bought the car because it drives by itself, not to drive when it was in a bad area. in the text it says, this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. people may not have the time or be ready to driver leading them to a accident or worst. the idea of having driverless cars is not a good idea. it may have some good things about the car but there is more negative things to the idea of a driveless car. not everyone has the time to drive the car when it needs to be controlled. having driveless cars is not good it may cause more accidents or other problems.