human curiosity has always proven to be powerful, powerful enough to maybe even surpass some barriers that were seem as impossible. to satisfy ones curiosity means you will have to go beyond expectations, beyond normal techniques and way of thinking. but, what if the obstacle thats obstructing your way to learn more about something that interests you has been undefeated for years, perhaps, even decades? the scientific community has always been interested on earths closest shining sister, venus, due to the fact that at one point it might have been just like the earth plentiful of life and diversity. however, the actual conditions of the planet makes it almost impossible to send any kind of exploration device to it. lets start by adressing the challenges and the possible solutions to them a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet the challenge of exploring venus. in this section the author states some of the harsh conditions that can be easily found on the planet, challenges that are found nowhere in earth. adding to that, no human invention or technique has been proven to survive in such conditions. if the planet is so inhospitable, then why is the scientific community planning on send further visits? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travelthe challenge of exploring venus. this part, estates that venus may once have been just like the earth and may still be holding the secret for life in other planets. hence why it is of so much importance for the scientific community. will be any possible to visit and investigate venus in a future? nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces the challenge of exploring venus. in summary, the nasa is actually working on mechanisms and devices that, even though they may not look so advanced, they might be strong enough to survive venus harsh conditions. it also gives a brief and understandable description of such mechanisms. in conclusion, will exploration to venus be possible someday? we dont know for sure, but for what it seems, we might not take very long to send expeditions to venus. thanks to scientific associations, like nasa, that day might not be that far away. maybe thanks to technology from the s, we actually might fulfill that dream. when the time comes, thats when well know for sure.