in the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despit the dangers it despites. through the story it shows it is a worthy pursuit but dangerous because venus is most like ours in many ways, the structure is set up just about the same way, and going past the dangers they have the great technology to help themthrough it. the pursuit of this mission is worthy because the planet is mostly like ours. the two planets venus and earth are called sister planets paragraph. these planets are most alike becasuse venus once had rocky surfaces, mountains, valleys, oceans and more. for example in paragraph  it says  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could havd supported various forms of life. this proves that even though there witll be some slight dangers it is still a worthy pursuit knowing it is our sister planet and is structually the same as ours or was once before. knowing the similarities with venus and earth can take a step back with some of the dangers yet make it very fascinating to take a visit to see venus venus and alot of actions in the world will always have there dangers. in venus and studying venus can be cautious at the sam etime becuause the tempretures are slightly higher than what earth gets. it states in paragraph  temps. would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth.  yes there are dangers with temperature and weather on venus but there are more advantages to it than the negatives. last advantage that nasa could use to study and collect data from venus is the technology we have these days. they have mechanical computers, gears and levers to help them and shocking devices. it says  the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. there are so mnay advantages to this study. looking at the objects they have and the resources they have to study and get informtion on venus makes it all out more interesting on them to study venus and make a visit like the people have talked about through the story. although there are many disadvantages and some negatives if you look at the positives and look at the similarities it is a worthy pursuit because it is most like earth in many ways, they have better techology uses these days, but yet some dangers to it.