i think that driverless cars are a good thing but you have to remember that they are reallydriverless people still have to be in the car and be ready at anytime. in the text it states that in  google made cars that could drive independenly under specific conditons. it also states that antilock brakes and driver asssistance still seems a long way from the dream of calling a driverless cab to take us wherever we desire. this shows that driverless cars can be a good thing. in the text it states that in  google made cars that could drive independely under specific conditions. their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but google cars arent truly driverless but they still alert drivers to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with the omplicated traffic issues such as roadwork and car acidents. google ist the firts ones to come up with this kind of thing. in the late s, general motors created a concept car that could run on a special track, the track was embeddded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a reciever on the front end of the car. it also states that antilock brakes and driver asssistance still seems a long way from the dream of calling a driverless cab to take us wherever we desire. sebastin thrun, founder of the google car project, believes that the technology has finally begun to cath up to the dream. before  there was no wat to make something interesting, the sensors werent there, thecomputers werent there and the mapping wasnt there. in ,bmw annoced the development of the traffic jam assistant. the car could handle driving functions at a speed up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. this shows that driverless cars can be a good thing. i think that its a good thing because it allows drivers to send a text while the car is driving itself and as soon as they send the text they can watch the road for any accidents or roadwork and then take over until they have passed. telsa has projected that in  a release for a car capable of drivng on autopilot  percent of the time. also mercedesbenz,audi,and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselces by . this is why i think that driverless cars are a good thing.