some people say that the face on mars is something that was built by ancient aliens, much like the theories that people come up with about the structures on earth. some people have even stated that the aliens could be trying to cover it up by hiding it during the time they take it. then there are the firm believers that this is just a land mass that consists of the surroundings and resembles a mesa type biome. since there have been developments over time, showing the different variations of the face and what it has become over the years. there are different arguements and different points of view, but there are different time periods with different variations of the same thing, so it will be proven that is is a natural land mass, and not a martian made structure. there is a lot of things that points toward this being a natural land mass and that it is not a martian made structure, or that the government is trying to cover it up. one thing that shows that it is a natural structure is when the article states, scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough aroud cydonia... this means that there are multiple things like this, but the only things that make this one different is the fact that is has unusual shadows in it that make it look human or like a structure that was built. after this happened and people got news of it and figured out it wasnt real, the conspiracy theorists came out and made it seem like a cover up, but this isnt true, because nasa could have gotten publicity from it, as well as many funds. this mesa is no different from anything that we have in western united states, there we have many mesas that could look equally as strange, but we dont bother, because we want to believe that there is other life, or that there is something strange going on in other planets. over the years, the images of this land mass have gotten more and more clear, and we have come to realize, that no, it is not a face, but it is a large point with shadowy parts in it. from the picture from , it is really blurry, and you cant really tell what it is, which is what got people hopes up and thought it may be a structure, due to the shadows and the formation around it. the  one is a bit clearer, but it still is a bit unclear of what it is or could be, because it does look like it could be something like the sphinx in egypt, but with the same formation around it. the  image looks way more clear, and this one shows something completely different than what we expected, it is just a regular mesa, with cracks, dips and shadows, and the same formation around it as before. there is something you can tell about the  picture though, if you look closely, it is the same image as all the others, because you can see the dips in it where the eyes and mouth are, just more clear so they dont really show up, and since everything is more clear, you can see the cracks, which could have added to the effect. even after all of the theories that were made, and nasa defending themselves, as well as people trying to prove them wrong, and prove that there was something that the government did to cover it up. all of this could still be fought, who knows, there could be life out there somewhere besides on earth, but as of now, there is no proof, and this image will still remain a natural land structure. some people are dissapointed by this, others are motivated to keep moving and possibly one day find some signs of life, so maybe humans would be prepped and set in case of disaster. there is nothing wrong with personal opinions, but for the most part and from what pictures and plenty of evidence have proven, this is still no more than a natural occurence do to the way land forms over time. so even though people may keep looking for any signs of something that could be a conspiracy, or you just want to find something supernatural or strange, but the fact stands that there are many thing like this, and just because it is on a different planet, does not make it anymore special, and it doesnt make it any different.