the author is make a discover for future. it tell why and how are we like human could stay a plane that is  or  times the tempertures, for the condition the humans will be able to survive in that planet.  percent of the venus is cardon diovide, and the astronomers are honor to study the planet. but the venus was a most earthlike which porfos that humans have a changes to live at that planet. yes, there is still more study to do, but it decdieu to send a craw to the planet because they try sending numerous of spacecraft to land on venus, but each one of them only landing, nor it just last about a few hours at the planet. knowing that the venus is a second planet could also tell why the planet is distan from have it a saft vantage point of the earth we have. venus has it terms of how is work to live the planent, and the challenge its had to a value, but not only that the travel on venus will be hard for the limited the dangers of the planet had. the doubts will expand amount many things on the way to new environmen,landform, and surface. nasa had try,reseach and doing new discoving about the venus which had infules by knowing it will not be an easy survivable for humans. nasa and others try to take of sample of venus such as rock,gas,and anything from the planet to reseach it on the land. numerous of researchers had work on the innovation to allow the approaches to had the enough to contribute bludered that venus is hinding from. the new ganenish had approaches the new technology , but the new electronics are now more apowerful. quick and calculationable. back in the old day its was not perfect like nows, but the old technology still existing now, and the vawesome the thought of the old computers now these days it may device make any calculation by using some of the gears and the levers, so it really did not require electronics at the time. there would be a day were most of the poplure of humans will live up in venus environment. venus might have some deepest parts of oceans like earth.beyond the years this day will be remeber in a different way, time, and place. venus would probably be a new earthlike , and which it might a supported various to the forms of the planet just like the earth .