limiting car usage has so many benefits to give us. it can even lead to saving the world. weve lived without them before so its not the end of the world if they are gone for even just a day. first of all, cars are responsible for pollutionnot all in the atmosphere such as the greenhouse gas emissions. according to source , experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes....passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. that is basically saying that having cars as often as we use them is harming the earth through their gas emissions. that cars are responsible for a certain percantage in the pollution. additionally, let us see about the few polluted cities or capitals such as paris. they almost achieved a new record for pollutution! but the way they are handling it is quite successful. on monday motorists with evennumbered licese plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffere a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. source this gives them a chance to reduce significantly the pollution by half if the license plates ratio were balanced. they are taking turns in car usage and lowering pollution and its a great bill or law to help reduce the pollution. they needed that because according to source , last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter comared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. thats a lot of pollution they have been carrying. but  the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. furthermore, theres more beneifts of reducing or limiting car usage. in bogata, colombia, they have a day without cars and its starting to spread to other communities as well. they want to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog and those that violates will face  fines. this sounds like a very great and effective idea. many people are participating in it and not only that parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.source  in conclusion, limiting car usage will give us a greater advantage not only in our businesses but also our air. reducing pollution is just the start of it, imagine many more benefits are there to come if we keep up with these conservative efforts.