in vauban, germany, citizens have made the decision to not use cars. to some people, this may be something that they could never imagine themselves doing, becuase it would make life more complicted. however, these people are pleased with their decision and would not have it any other way. furthermore, there are many advatages to making this change. by limiting car usage, citizens can improve their own health and economic state. by making the decision to stop using cars, one can become healthier, both mentally and physically. one citizen who has already taken this step said,when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way rosenthal . many people who chose to limit their car usage, decided to walk or ride bikes instead. by chosing the alternative, they are less stressed. there is something soothing about walking down the road in a quiet and peaceful environment. walking gives one time to reflect and think, while driving requires concentration and can be stressful. in addition to improving ones mental health, limiting car usage can also improve ones physical health. pollution from the air can take a tolll on someones physical health and the environment around them. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states rosenthal . pollution poisions the air of most cities where people live and breathing the pollution is not healthy for an individual. in cities like beijing, inhabitants wear air filters over their mouths in hopes fo escaping the pollution. limiting car uage can help improve air quality quickly. for example, after having multiple days of intense smog, paris decided to ban cars with evennumbered plates for one day. after this one day of limited car usage, the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday duffer . another advantage to limiting cars is that it could mean economic improvememt for individuls and countries. the banning of cars can mean improvement in the appearance of cities, which can have positive impacts on the economy of cities. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city unevem, pitted sidewalks have beeen replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks selsky . these improvements in the city can draw more people to them and stimulate the economy in places that have had difficulty before. in addition, individuals can save money by carpooling, biking, walking, or using public transit as an alternative optopn to driving. during the  rececession, people were forced to sell their cars due to lack of money. however, after they recovered from this, they decided not to return to car usage due to their content in the lifestyle they had chosen rosenthal  in conclusion, limiting ones usage of cars can have only positive impacts on ones life. this decision can have lasting impacts ones happiness, the environment, and the economy.