the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. sergey brin envisions a future with a pulbic transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. television and movies have been fascinated with cars that could drive by themselves. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions. i would be against the development of driverless cars because it would be expensive, would need more improve technology, and would need to make new laws for driverless cars. driverless cars can drive by themselves without a driver. it would fundamentally change the world. you can travel without handling the wheel at all.there are alot of technology that will help the car be driverless. in movies the criverless cars have been driven more than half a million miles without crashing. the founder of the google car project believes that the technology can make driverless taxi cabss to take them whereever they desire. it would be to expensive to make the driverless cars come true. with the technology on the car, it would have cost a lot of money. the radar for the cars cost two hundred million dollars if theer are no sensors, no computers, and no mapping. there are sensors that helps control the car. the combination of all the sensors would be necessary fro the driverless car to mimic the skills of a human at the wheel. it would be expensive because of all the technology that the driverless cars needs for it to drive on its own. it would need more improve technology to function the driverless car. googles modifed toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor to mimic a human at the wheel. you could build smartroads systems, but they will require massive upgrades to the existing roads. automakers used speed sensors at the wheel in the creation of the antilock brakes. it would take that much technology to make the driverless car to work. it would need new laws to keep the driver safe. the lawmakers would try to make laws that are safe for for drivers, passengers, and pedestrains safe. the lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alerted drivers. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in conmtrol at all times. most states say it is illegal to even test computerdriven cars. if the traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liabiblity in case of an accident. in conclusion, driverless cars are not safe to drive and risk the driver in danger.it takes lots of technology to control a driverless car.i do not agree with driverless cars because they are expensive, they would need more improve technology, and they would need to make more laws that would make the citizens safe. some people said that it is possible to make driverless cars in hte future. i think that if we made driverless cars, we would not be sure that everyone will be safe.