in this essay its all about venus and how hot it is and what it would be like to live there and what it would take to live there. so im going to start off by saying in my opion that it would not be fun to live there because of how hot it is. despite the dangers in this artical it explains how hard it would to be there becuase of the sutdys of how the scients. even tho that it looks like a cute little star from where we see it on planet earth. this planet can reach the tempature of  degrees fahrenheit thats pretty hot if you think about it. it takes up to about  to  degrees fahrenheit it make an average pizza at home now think of that twice as hot. because thats the only the average tempeture on the planet. and did you know that venus is the clostest planet to u. its also the next planet we go to for us to live on if we ever get that far in science. in my opionn i think that we will eventually get there now i dont know how long it will take us but i firmly belive that we we will get there. venus is also known as earth twin. because of terms of density and size. but we cant forget about our nerighbor by the name of mars. but the weird thing is that we all orbit the sun at differnt speeds. some cool things is that we have sent mulitple things to venus called space crafts but the sad thing is that non of the space crafts have lasted any longer than a acoulpe hors on venus. that is why we have not done any unmanned missions. the planet venus has almsot  perdcent carbon dioxide blankets. a couple rason why i dont think that we could live there right now is because. the atmsopheric pressure is  percent more higher than the earths is!!! so this means that the things on planet venus are way more extreme than anything we have ever encounterd here on earth. back to what i was saying with the tempature it is has the hottest surface in our solar system. a fun fact about venus is that it use to be fully covered in water which is kinda weird if you think about it because its the hottest surfaace a plantet surface has. what im trying to say is that venus would be so cool to live on but would also be really akward to live on because of how hot it is we would prolly have to wear hot suits to stay alive but i dont think ill be alive by the time we get thre because we cant even send machines there for a couple hours without them breaking so hopefully in the future we will be able to because it would be such an expirence for someone to live there and just be able to feel what its like to live on another planet.