though there may be hardship during the way, venus will most likely be a worthy opponent to take over. in paragraph , numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study despite its proximity to us. venus is a beautiful planet and its one of the hottest planets in our solar system. we may never be able see a manned ship land on venus unless our technology sends us to surprise. the part where venus is a challenging foe indeed will be more described as we move along in the next section. venuss history is unknown as we humans were not given the information for that particular part. as being a human can be strange, we always try our best to figure out any type of situation which led us to technology and civilization. in paragraph , if our sister planet is inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? also in paragraph ,  even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. in some ways you can say visiting an unknown place in the solar system could be a challenge. nasas are amazing in multiple ways and what makes this topic interesting is that nasa are curious about the unknowns of our solar system. in paragraph , nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. there are some ways to take up venuss challenge like dealing with the air pressure,and having solar power. also in paragraph ,  not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. though there hasnt been a solution, nasa should be able to find the answer. the author has a slight image of going beyond the limits of our thought process. followed in paragraph , our travels on earth and beyond should not be limiting by dangers and doubs but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. the author seems to have high hopes for the future and whats to come of venus. in lines  and  of paragraph ,  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself. taking the quote in consideration of lines  and  on paragraph , describes the original point on why venus is so worthy in its round form. all together venus will become a hard project to be finished because of its qualities and unknown history behind it. the authors suggestion is very enthusiastic in some ways. the story has plenty of good information describing the second planet. in some way you can say venuss surface is always talked about by many. though the process of scientists trying to understand venus will indeed be challenging and well have to wait and see the outome of venus in the near future.