ever since world war ii our development has been centered on the car, now people are questioning if whether or not we have gone in the correct direction. with many people coming to a realization that private transportation may not be the best option for travel, it is hard to deny. there are already developed places in the world experimenting with the abscence of cars in their society. vauban, germany is one of those places. vauban residents have undertaken the task of turning their streets completely carfree, and its working. the residents of the district even claim to enjoy a community without automobiles more, people claim to be less tense and happier without owning a car.  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, those who do live in areas dedicated to large garages at the edge of the development that car owners but for ,, along with a home. while efforts in the past to making cities denser have given people a better reason to walk, it hasnt gone away at all, people are still driving everywhere they go. in the united states car reduced communities are being promoted by the enviornmental protecetion agency, and legislators are starting to act on this. public transport serving suburbs will play a much larger role in a new federal transportation bill being approved this year. vauban is not the only place with that has experimenting with banning private transportation, paris has banned driving due to smog after days of nearrecord pollution to clear the air of the city. the smog rivaled beijing, china, one of the most poluted cities in the world. people blamed diesel fuel because of a french tax policy favors diesel over gasoline, diesel makes up  percent of cehicles in france. paris has more smog than other european capitals, many companies complained of lost revenue, but exceptions were made to allown plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers. public transit was also free of charge friday to monday. the smog cleared enough monday for the ban on oddnumbered plates to be lifted. bogota, columbia is also doing their part in attempting to reduce the amount of automobiles used in society, carfree day has been in effect for three years in bogota. with a large turnout, the streets were free of traffic jams as millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated, and took buses to work. people comment how it is a great opportunity to redice stress and air polution in columbia. municipal authorities from other countries travel to bogota to see the event, and they believe it to be a revolutionary change. since the day without cats was implemented into an improvement camapign that began in the mids,  miles of bicycle path has been constructed in columbia. in the united states, we are being affected by these other countries choices to give up air pollution for a less stressful and tense life. recent studies suggest a decrease in the amount of cars being bought by americans, as well as the amount of people getting lisceces. not buying cars are helping americans with their finances and improving their health. sociologists believe that if this pattern persists it will benefit the american public and enviornment greatly.