imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. new software has been developed that improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. this new software, the facial action coding system, has promising applications for a variety of inustries.nick dalto. the use of the facial action coding system is valuable because it can use facial recognition for ads, it can use facial recognition when working with computers in a classroom, and it can make computer graphics more realistic and expressive. the facial action coding system can use facial recognition for ads. it can use facial recognition by being in the computer camera, and everytime an ad pops up it can tell if you smile or frown, by smiling or frowning the computer will know whether to have similar or different ads, when showing ads. as stated in paragraph  ...if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. the facial action coding system can use facial recognition for working with computers in a classroom. it can be used when working with computers in a classroom because if it can read students faces then it would be able to know if the student is confused or bored. if it is able to know if the student is confused or bored then it can change the lesson ever so slightly so that it is more interesting and appealing to the student learning. as it says in paragraph  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored ... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the facial action coding system can be used for computer graphics and facial expressions. this technology can improve computer graphics by being able to read the faces of real people and adding their facial expressions into games which would make the game more realistic. another amazing idea for the use of this technology is the way it can use video surgery to help doctors and surgeons perform facial operations. it would scan the face of the patient and read its face, this could potentially help the surgeons know where his face is most injured and would also help the surgeons have a better look at the patients face during the operation. as said in paragraph  the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery. the facial action coding system can use facial recognition for ads, it can use facial recognition when working with computers in a classroom, and it can make computer graphics more realistic and expressive. these ideas are just the start of the new technology. the new technology is a gateway to many other technologies that will be built similar to the way this one was. as life goes on so does our technology and as humans create more and more technology, the smarter us humans get. i believe that this technology is just as valuable as the next and even more valuable than the last. all cricket media is copyrighted by carus publishing company. all quoted text came directly from the article, i give credit to all quoted texts to the author of the text nick dalto and carus publishing company.