many people on earth can argue that the face on mars is an alien artifact. others can argue as well with the explaination of why the face is not an alien artifact. in a way, there is no such evidence of this formation to be an exact subject of matter of an alien artifact. this is not bya any case true because there is no absolute evidence that there is an ancient civilization living on mars, the face is just a natural land form and what is called a meas, and the pixles on camras have improved over the years than what scientists used twentyfive years ago. in the case of a conspiricy therorist, they can give you some facts and ideas to support their idea of aliens and that they were the ones that created the face, there is just not enough evidence to support their claim to that. there is not even a single drop of evidence that there is an ancient civilization living on mars. in the text in unmasking the face on mars, it stated that few scientist belied that the face was an alien artifact because the mgs was sent into mars to take photos eighteen years later after the viking missions ended. there is still more reasons to say that the face is not created by aliens because the face is just a natural landform. like here on earth, there is many and many landforms. in the text, it said that when the moc snapped a picture of the face, it revealed a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. what the picture really shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa land forms that are common in the american west. even before when the space team took pictures of the face, their technology was not as sophisticated as it was eighteen yearas later when they took another picture of the face and reveling a martian mesa. there is better technology with camaras in  then there was twentyfive years ago. in the article, it says that mgs flew over the first time, michael malin and his moc teeam snapped a picture ten time sharper than the original viking photos. this indicated that the team had better equipted camaras than they had when the original photos were taken. although, some conspiricy therorist might give off some logical information that ther could be a civilization, there is still no sign nor any evidence that gives off of aliens living on mars and or even creating the face. over all, in that case, there is still logical evidence and reasons why people must think over twice before concluding the idea of another civilization living in our solar system. who knows? maybe one day there could be beings that we would encounter someday.