venus is the most dangerous planet for humans venus we can be fasinated by things that people discover and share with others . the most challenging clouds highly corrosiive sulfuric acid in venus atmophere. the author uses theory to assure that we can learn more about the planet and the things they have like what kind of rocks they. throughtout the planet venus the most dangerous planet for humans to live on no animals would survive the conditions venus is in. venus is important to study for if its still safe for humans to live and how long we can live for, the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the roiling venuisan landscape . that nasa wants to have scientist go to venus and study the planet in the air but not on the ground just floading in the hostile weather condiitions. another example of why the author wants pursuit venus despite the dangers presents. having enough energy can help scientist understand that venus has a higher temperature to that would effect humans not neeeding radiation for earth, at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to the sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful and radiation woukd not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable survivable for humans . that since venus temperature is higher but has plenty of solar power humans can survive despite how badly the conditions are in. secondly the author uses explanation and theory to persuade the readers how we can still explore the planet carefully. scientist are willing to study venus for to test samples of the planet, more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get close and personal despite the risks. or maybe we should think of them as challenges. scientist want to study things but cant to risk everything to have samples and challenge their selves on this journey understand what kind of species live their. venus is our sister planet from earth why its so inhospitablethat we new for so long,  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably coverd largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. wondering what if venus has still have the features of having land water animals from a long time ago. finally scientist are coming up with ideas that can help thrmj get samples that they need striving to meet the challenges presented, for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. having robotice go first collecting samples for three weeks that can last that long on the planet so scientist can study it from their labs. another study is that they are looking at other options for robotics to last longer than three weeks, another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanucal computers these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war  these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. that a group of scientist are looking at technology leading back in s because using the old might help because it doent envolve electronics when using computers today it more delicate when it comes dangerous conditions. the author is write they should pursuit venus despit how dangerous it is good thing to have a risk at. something having exploreing something new and dangeours even though it comes at a cost of things we can go back look at old technology thst can help us get the things we need.