while technolgy is being developed as time goes by, making mona lisa smile, is when technology wasnt good and for that, no one couldnt tell what shes feeling before facs facial action coding system revealed her hidden feelings. having a technology that can read expressions is valuable and should be allowed. there arent many affects to it and it would help many people to express or show at least a sign or a feeling. before feelings were being revealed and shown by a machine, people were already talented and smart enough to tell one another faces. in the article, the author told us that its not hard to tell when someone is either sad or happy, for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. this quote provides us information that looking at someones face can give us a lot of hints, even if they try to aviod it or show it. which means it is natural for somone to know notice it while some cant. another thing that the author tells us is that the muscles are visible and that theres nothing to hid when parts of our faces gives the viewer an opourtunity to either guess or say what they see,  to an expert, faces dont lie these muscles clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this quote perfectly explains that there are many majors and units where it deals with the muscles and movement in our bodiues. its easy to tell with or without parts of the face showing. lastly, the machine. as technology increases, a machine called facial action coding system, solved it better than using our proper eyes. dr. paul eckman, who combined his thoughts to create the machine, and dr. huang, who helped dr. paul eckman build the machine, helped themselves and others to know the hidden feelings of mona lisa and sooner will be used on others. in the article, it talks about how da vinci made mona lisa look different while he was drawingpainting her,  yet dr. huang observes that the artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. this quote means that da vinci was smart enough to switch up on the painting and made it seem so realistic and looked like shes going through a lot. while the readers recieve a lot of information about the technology and how it works, making mona lisa smile, was more of a for than against. theres nothing wrong using it while its helping scientist know whats going on inside a persons mind. not enough of against dosent mean this article is not helpful, it can still be helpful and especially for those who are for it. technology is helpful and valuable to many subjects or topics.