cars are seen as a necessity due to the fact that they make everyday lifetasks easier but wait, so can the internet, cellphones and other technological advancements of the modern era. cars are no longer as useful as they were made to seem due to the fact that the they come at too much of a figurative and literal cost when compared to other technological advancements or houses. cars emit a large amount of greenhouse gases choking cities which is a large contributer to air pollution. along with the toll they place on the enviroment, cars cause stress, leaving a mental and physical toll on your body as well. cars are no longer as useful as when they were first invented. they provided forms of easier transportation to communicate and socialize with others, reach the designated location within a shorter time, and limit how much people had to walk. they are stilled used for these purposes today, but are no longer neccessary. the internet allows you to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. although there hasnt been a solution to having to walk, there shouldnt need to be. cars give people another excuse for being lazy. in bogota, there is an annnual day known as carfree day. on this day, cars are banned from being used and only buses and taxis are permitted in this capital city of  million. with a city of so many you would think that the day would have a terrible turnout, but many people benefited from the experience. it alowed people to view the world face to face, instead of behind a sheet of glass. while either riding their bicycle or walking, people are able to take in the sites and try new things that theyd usally pass by while driving. cars emit a large amount of greenhouse gases choking cities which contribute to the worldwide problem known as air pollution. along with the toll they place on the enviroment, cars cause stress, leaving a mental and physical toll on your body as well. in europe, passenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emission. in some carintensive areas in the u.s. it is . it has gotten so bad that paris had to enforce a ban on partial driving to reduce nearrecord pollution. the stress this pollution leaves on the enviroment is similar to the physical and mental toll, caused by cars, on the body. the large amount of car usage causes traffic jams which can lead to stress and aggitation, and sitting in one position for so long can leave stress on the body cramping. cars can also cause mental stress due to the fact that they cost so much. many people choose not to own them do to this fact, but the ones who do are not only required to pay for the car, but also have to pay additional fees for things such as insurance. cars are no longer necessary. there have been many technological advancements made to do what cars can do without the toll placed on the enviroment and your body.