humans communicate in numerous ways. a popular form of communication humans use is emotional communication. the facial expressions humans convey can show their reactions and emotions clearly. new technology has now changed the way we can communicate with computers. in the article making mona lisa smile, the facial action coding system technology is valuable because it can help boost morale, track likes and dislikes to modify lessons, and adapt to different learning styles. a big advantage of the new technology called the facial action coding system is the boost in morale it will create. according to the article, the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them dalto. the article lists the indicators the computer searches for when the user is smiling, and if the reader follows these steps, they could be found smiling. in a simple action such as watching television, one may find themselves accidentally mimicking the facial expressions of the actors. scenarios such as this and the facial recognition can boost the happiness of the user and those around them spectacting. because of the boost in mood and technology, students will be excited about learning and that can make all the difference. one of the handy uses for the facial action coding system is determining the users likes and dislikes. this technology can be used during a lesson or activity and can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored dalto. by determining the emotions of the user, the computer can alter the lesson to make it most effective and get the most out of the lesson. using this feedback is essential in todays society to keep students entertained. lastly, an effective reason for using the facial action coding system is to appeal to various students communication style. not all students are outgoing and vocal when it comes to expressing their education and struggles. in the article, dr. huang says, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication dalto. student users will now be able to have a personal experience when learning online. because the computer can recognize likes and dislikes, stated in the previously, the student will not feel left out or behind. the computer will match the learning style that is as unique as their communication style. students will not have to go out of their way or feel embarassed to tell the teacher their concerns, the computer will fix them, making an improvement in todays classroom. the facial action coding system mentioned in making mona lisa smile by nick dalto is valuable is classrooms because it can help boost morale, track likes and dislikes to modify lessons, and adapt to different learning styles. having this technology accessible to students is beneficial to their education. emotions are something everyone has in common and from new breakthroughs, humans can use them to improve. modernizing education is as simple as a smile.