should we or should we not we should use computers to help identify emotions is up for debate, but in making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, he explains some new tech and why we should use computers to help us see emotions more clearly. dalto explains reasonons why they are useful in ways such as ads that can tell if you like them or not, education and telling of kids are confused or bored, and some other possible things this new technology could help with. however, i believe that even with all of our technology and advancements in many fields of it, we should not use it to help find emotions for us. human emotions are a very complex thing, and with that complexity it makes computers not very useful, even with their algorithims and equations. in paragraph  dalto explains how the process works the process begins... must move like human muscles...eckman has classified six basic emotions...your frontalis pars lateralis... raises your eyebrows when youre surprised. this is a pretty interesting way of seeing emotions and a very complicated one. however dalto writes your orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger. what he doesnt adress is other people face shaps, such as if you have naturaly small lips it doesnt mean that your angry, or that simply raising you eyebrow in a photograph means youre surprised, maybe the person is just striking a pose and nothing more. with all the people in the world, and all of them being different its hard to tell if the comupter will be able to read all of their emotions accuratly or at all. next, dalto explains to us that we use this calculation reading people emotions every day in paragraph . he says of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. in this statement he says that humans themselfs have a hard time decribing emotions on the face and what they mean sometimes. if you really think about this if we cannot describe emotions and were the ones doing them, why should we believe a computer thats coded, by us, will be able to? its not an easy thing to do, and even with psychologist such as dr. paul eckman its a seemingly impossible task to get a non emotion giving machine the ability to read emotions, accurately. in the article making mona lise smile author nick dalto writes about new tech and why is should be used. he provides some evidence and reasonings for things that this new technology could possibly improve or do for us. however dalto does not show the counter arguement in his article, and doesnt give any information on how this new tech could fail, or not work very well. its hard to tell where computers and technology will go in the future, but with this i can say that its a almost impossible job to give a computer, not able to feel emotion, the ability to read them accuratly. its an interesting idea to give computers and machines to ability to read emotions and possibly other advancements. but only time will tell if this new technology will be able to read our emotions. this technology could possibly put us on a path to understanding more about ourselfs, or it might fail and a new technology will start to be developed and worked on in its place. the dabate on if computers and machines reading human emotions and many other things is a big one, and only time will tell where it will end up.