the face on mars was not made by aliens or anything else. the details from from the old camera made it look like a face because it was blurry. they told people about the face and showed to help make money for nasa. it was made naturally from volcanoes and other things like sand storms. it would be impossible for aliens to do it from this distance and make it look that much like it from a bad camera. the detail from the camera made it look that way because we didnt have the best technology back then than we do now. also, each year we got better technology and it started to make it look less like a face each time. in the story before paragraph one it show pictures of each year they took a pic of it and it slowly became less of a face. once we got better technology it made stuff much easier for us to see and tell if it was made or it was just a coincidence. next, nasa told everyone about there discover and that made a lot of new movies and magizines come out from it. they wanted money so in paragraph five they talk all about it and about how they wanted stuff to happen. people thought they were trying to hide somethings about aliens making the faces as proof. the people wanted know a lot about this and waited for the pictures to come up on a website and many was disappointed. after, that face is made out of it sand and mostly rock from volcanos when they burst into flames and creates land forms. the wierd shadowing is comeing from all the sand around them and makes slight shadowing on the face to make it look like a face. it took many years for them to find something like this and then they realized it was just a landform. the only way for smoething like that to happen is by luck not aliens because aliens didnt do anything here or on mars. the sun was a big helper in making the face because nothing could cause that shadowing to happen on mars. i know that some people beleive that aliens are real and some people dont beleive in aliens. i kind of get why people think that in the first place because what possibly can creat such huge thing that looks like an humans face. all you have to do is think about it because it is impossible for there to be aliens around us. we are to far away from other life to be found by aliens there are trillions of trillions of stars with more planets by them. the possability of them finding us so fast is merely unbelievably impossible in my opinion. so aliens did not make the pyramids on earth and they did not make the face on mars . lastly, the face on mars did not get created by aliens it was created by nature. the only reason we thought we saw a face is because of the old camera that couldnt see it without blurring stuff out. the main reason they told people about the face is just to make some money for nasa in the first place. the face is not made out of metal or some alien material because all it is made out of is rock and the red sand that is on that planet. that is why aliens didnt make it because they couldnt of because they arent real.