the use of this technology is pointless, why do people need to know someones emotions. how will knowing if a student is happy help teachers know if a student is understanding the lesson. how can schools properly use this kind of information. will the imfomation of a students emotions help schools in the future. how will know a students emotion help teachers better educate their students? knowing someone is bored in class cant really help in knowing what the student needs to better themselves. like stated in the passage,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. although knowing if a student is confused on something does somewhat help in knowing what a student needs to work on, it isnt specific on what certain thing it is. how can schools properly use this kind of imformation? knowing a student is happy or sad cant really help in telling people if they are understaning the lesson.someone could be happy because the class is almost ending but still not understand a single thing that was just taught or visversa. another great example would be when a student is preparing for istep or a final, the student may be understanding the lesson but them worrying about fail wont help anyone. will this imformation help schools in the future? this type of technology might actually be useful in the future when thing are a bit more advance. schools will probably know how to properly use this kind of information for the students well being. by them maybe more emotion codes will be added or modified. but one can not tell the future so who knows. in conclusion,at the moment this techology seems useless and a waste of time and money, but one never know it might actually be very useful in the coming years. if this type of technology will be used in school the producer of it should show staff how to properly use it so that the imformation can be used. perhaps knowing if someone is feeling do can help schools provent horrible incidents to happen. the use of this technology is useless at the moment, why do people need to know ones emotions to better them in education.