imagine being a top scientist at nasa and viking  spacecraft spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. a lot of people thought of alien life possibility, but others thought it to be just a natural landform. what would your thoughts be about the image? the face of mars is a natural landform. theres similar landforms on earth, high pixel photos taken, and not enough reliable information to support the alien life theory. to begin, there are similar landforms on earth to the one on mars. as stated in the text, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. also stated in the text is garvin giving his opinion, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. another issue with the alien life theory is the fact that nasa has high quality cameras. quoting the text, each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. in the result of having high quality pictures you could see small details clearly. as stated in the article garvin said,  so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!  concluding that statement nothing other than the landform that had resembled a face was seen on mars. finally, there wasnt enough evidence to support the claim of alien life on mars. the first pictures were blurry and had haze or cloud coverage. this theory was more popular on the online world than in the science world. as stated in the text, the face on mars has since become a pop icon. it has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk showseven haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! this proves that this might be just for publicity and attention. there has been many conspiracy theorists. ultimately, the face on mars is just a natural landform. theres similar landforms on earth, high pixel photos taken, and not enough reliable information to support the alien life theory.