the author talks about how dangers venus could be if humans get there and start of the exploration in venus. venus has a lot of carbon dioxide which that could be bad for humans to inhail. in paragraph  it says almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. this means that most of venuss atomsphere is cover with a carbon diocide which could be bad for humans to inhail it. also the article talks about venus having clouds have highly corrosive sulfuric acid and its very dangerous for human to make contact with that dangerous matterial. in paragraph  it says even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. this means that its very dangerous for humans to go to venus and tried to explor the whole planet. the article also talks about the planets surface. the planets surface could reach over  degrees fahrenheit and that would be able to kill a human very quickly. in paragraph  it says on the planets surface tempertures average over  degrees fahrenheit. which this means that it could kill a human in a instant if a person went to venus and tried to explor venus. the article also talks about the pressure of the planets atmosphere. on paragraph  it says the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experence on our own planet. what this means it could kill a human in a instant if a person went to venus and tried to study venus. the article also talks about what would happen if humans took a submarine and metals to venus. in paragraph  it says such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest part of our ocean and would liquefy many metals. this means that venus has a lot pressure that can crush a submarine and also it has a very hot surface that can liguefy metals in instant. the article also talks about the venusian geology and weather in venuss. in paragraph  it says venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. this means that it has the same kind of weather but its more aggresive and more dangerous then the ones we have on earth.