in years past, the number of people interested in, and using cars around the world has dropped noticibly. a marked shift in the car culture of the world has occured, leaving many wondering what is tocome. limiting car usage has many positive aspects, such as saving money, that people tend to be less stressed when they do not drive as much, and reducing pollution and greenhouse emissions. one of the many positive aspects of reducing car usage is that one will save money if ones car usage is reduced. in an article by robert duffer called paris bans driving due to smog, he says on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were orderedto leave cars at home or suffer a euro fine . in paris, carowners were charged money for using cars on certain days. this was done in an effort to reduce traffic in the city. another article that addresses this is the end of car culture by elizabeth rosenthal. she says part of teh explanation certainly lies in the recession, because cashstrapped americans could not afford new cars... cars are a costly thing, and many people cannot afford to put the money in to having and maintaining an automobile. car cost so much,so reducing,or even eliminating usage will save anyone a great deal of money. this is one of the many advantages to limiting car usage. antoher reason to limit car usage is that people tend to be less stressed,and more happy when they do not have a car to worry about. in the end of car culture by elizabeth rosenthal, she talks about heidrun walter, who say thatshe is actually much happier no w that she does not own a car,and that owning a car was very stressful. no one wants to be stressed,so why would people want to put themselves through the trouble of owning a car? lowering car usage has been shown to reduce stress, which is a good thing for people, mentally and physically. andrew selsky also addressesthis in carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, where he says its a good opportunity to take away stress. as is outlined here, rducing car usage lowers stressin many people, which is definitely an advantage. reducing polution and greenhouse gas emissions is another advantage of limiting car usage. carscreated emissions dangerous to the environment, so reducing usage will have a positive effect on the environment. in carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, andrew selsky discusses the mayor of bogota, colombias descicion to have a day free of cars in the city. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. in bogota, as in most cities, smog from car pollution is widespread. lowering car usage lowers the levels of polution and dangerous emissions in cities. a similar situation is outlined in robert duffers paris bans driving due to smog, he says after days of nearrecord polution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. this gives further evidence that reducing car usage will lower pollution and smog in cities around the world. concurrently, elizabeth rosenthal, in her artilce in german suburb, life goes on without cars, she says passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gass emisssions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. this provides further evidence that cars release an enormous amount of pollution, and usage must be lowered. limtiting ones car usage has many positive consequences, some of these include saving money, reducing stress, and lowering polution levels. these are all great reasons to limit car usage, and many people are beginning to take hold of these advantages around the world.