i think that facial action coding system would be a good thing to have in schools. it would help teachers figure out what would be more fun and intresting for the kids to learn without them falling asleep or day dreaming. if you had to go back to school would you rather write a paper or watch a video of something you liked or was intersted in other then something you hate doing. it would be much easier to stay focused and on task. when i think of school i dont find it fun or something im looking forward to going to, but if they could give us assignments that we liked and had fun doing then everything would be easier for the students and the teachers would have less stress. alot of teachers can already tell that some students dont want to be at school and they can tell by there grades, but who wouldnt want to come to school if it was actually fun or interesting. they could use it on the computers for when they give us essays or videos to watch. if they noticed you didnt like the topic then they could change it and find something the whole class likes not just one person. they could also use it to know what subjects we need or could use help on. yea i think its a little creepy to have something looking at you but if it can help get your grades up and could get you a better job in the future why not do it. they could know what work sheets are harder then others and see what they need to cover in class more. alot of students dont like sitting in a class reading a book that they dont find interesting, because they get bored and tired of listening and then they slack off and it shows in there grades. it states in the artical that if you smile when a web ad apperars on the screen, a similar ad might fallow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different.. this could help all the boring time you have to spend watching adds or tv comericals. if you were intrested in then then you would have an better experiance and you would be more likly to buy the item. and if you didnt like the ad then they wouldnt show it and it would be something els. i think that they should put facs in classrooms so that the teachers could help there students in a more personal way. also it would be better for the students to learn about the software if they might have to use it in the fututre. if they do start using it i think there would be a major change in schools around evansville and it would help out so many people get jobs later on in life. they could also use it in many different ways in the everyday life.