the use of facial technology in a classroom is a fantastic idea. if a teacher knows how a student is feeling maybe behavior problems could be avoided. test scores could start to rise because if a teacher knows how you are feeling maybe they can adjust their teaching a little, so you might understand more. just think of all the possibilities that could happen if a school used facial technology. students get angry throughout the day and so do teachers. if you are hiding you are not angry and then one thing tips your boat, that can cause a big scene to occur. with the new facial technology things like this could be avoided because whoever is in your classroom would know how you are feeling today. it might even be a good thing to use this technology on teachers, not just students. teachers get angry and upset too, so using this technology could help a student know that their techer is struggling a little bit and maybe to give him or her an easier day. this could also allow the students to help better the teachers mood so things may get a little better for him or her. now test scores could really benefit from this new technology. if a tecaher knows when a student is bored or confused then the lesson could become modified. the teacher would know that maybe one student or even the whole class is not understanding what is being taught. the teacher could then do whatever they think is right and try and fic the lesson. at the bottom of paragraph two dr. huang says what i stated in the sentence above. think about it, test scores would sky rocket if teachers knew that a student was still confused, but maybe was afriad to ask a question. if the techers also knows a student is afraid to ask a question then that could help the teacher know to maybe boost the students cofidence more. if a teacher could find all of that out maybe he or she could simply run through the lesson again or ask the student if he or she might need a little extra help. in paragraph three is says that this technology can already identify six basic emotions and fear is one, so if more emotion are learned and recongnized then the teacher could really help solve a problem. many possibilities could and will come with this technology. students could use this not only with teachers, but also with their friends. kids tend to joke around and not realize when they are hurting someones feelings. this could allow these kids to know when too far has occured. like almost all kids some are afraid to stand up and say that something has hurt their feelings. this new technology may help the problems with bullying. maybe the bystanders of the bullying would see how truly upset the attacked person is feeling. kids do a really good job at pretending things do not hurt them, but in reality they hurt them a lot. i know the article does not say anything about this but this is a huge possibility this could be used for. we want to help kids so why not do it this way. this technology would help so much in a school. many problems occur in schools, that could potentionally be bypassed with this technology. students and teachers could all benefit from this technology. who is to say that if it works in a school that more advancements could come out of this new technology. we have no idea what the future holds, but this could be a big part of our future and helping us to unerstand each other a little more.