while one may think a driverless car is ideal for everyday transportation. many others may think its not a nessicary improvment at all. focusing on the disadvantages of this driverless car leaves one to look further into detail on the new developments and ask themselves how useful could this possibly be to me and my everyday routune.doing so allows one to think logically on why it might not be the best idea. throught the passage the author gives several examples on how benificial this car could be to mankind. saying that, it also gives a smorgashboard of nonbenificial and somewhat hastling examples. in paragraph  in states that  television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves.... implying that our society is intreuiged by the idea of a driverless car, but that response is immediatley followed up with  ....in reality, google has had cars that could drive independently under certain conditions since . . id like to point out the fact that weve had driverless cars for  years now, and although car companies are making more improvments to the cars we use today, we are still left with accomindations under specific conditions we have to inforce in order to safley drive. paragraph  refrences general motors car company, and engineers at berkeley trying to improve this idea of a driverless car. theyve gone a step further and created a concept car that could run on a special test track embedded with an electrical cable, corresponding with the concept car. shorty in the same paragraph it explains ...these smart cars worked surprisingly well, but they requuiered massive upgrades to exsisting roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical.. by saying that it allows us readers to understand how much thought is being but into this project, and even though it was a great idea sometimes you have to think logically. in paragraphs  it argues the advantage of roadside assisting. this paragraph explains very specific details of what the driverless car can do for you, such as  speacial touch sensors, self stirring, accelerate, and brakes. these addded details could be helpful in certain situations such as traffic, construction sites, ect. but is stated shortly after that under these specfic condtions tour driverless car can be of no assistance. at this point wed then have to take conrol of the car and deal with all theses agonizing, everday problems. so in conclusion a driverless car is meant to be benificial, but what is it actually helping you with?