the author believes that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. this is how he supports his idea. he thinks that venus would be a worthy pursuit because it seems like venus was once very much like earth. like earth, venus seems to have a similar features such as a surface of rocky sediment and other familiarfeatures such as valleys, mountains, and cratersparagragh . the author stating all that detail supports his idea because if venus has similar geological features as earth, then it might mean that sometime in the far future we might have a chance of actually visiting the planet and learning much more about it and just that chance alone could make venus a worthy pursuit. venus doesnt really have the most welcoming conditions but there may be a solution for that. the author supports his idea very well here because he states that nasa has a possible solution to those harsh conditions. a blimplike vehicle that floats  or so miles above the venusian landscape, it would be high enough for the tempurature to stay around  degree fahrenheit. although its still not an easy condition, humans can still survive itparagragh . the author using this to support his idea is very awesome because it gives a solution to one of the reason why we cant really go to venus. he goes on to talk about how using simplified electronics made up of silicon carbide could be the answer. scientist tested the electronics in a chamber that simulate a a condition much like how it would be on venus, it lasted  weeks in those conditionsparagragh . these all supports his idea very well because it shows that scientists are making progress and might be able to actually make a machine that can survive on venus long enough to collect rocks and other things that could help scientist learn moreabout the planet. the more the scientist learn about to the planet, the more solution that they can come up with to combat venuss harsh condition. last but not least he states that striving to meet the challenges presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. he also said that our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovationparagragh . him saying this is very well done because hes right, we should not limit ourselves because of fear and doubt. we should get over those fears and doubts so that can we can progress further and maybe one day visit other planets.