if you had the choice, would you rather sit back and not have to worry about driving ever again? or would you rather just drive normally, and what everyone is used to? i strongly believe in this sense, i believe that it isnt even worth the time to worry about this. there are many reasons why it isnt worth it such as it could be more dangerous, the cars would cost to much, that money could be going to something more helpful and better. with the price of these cars, not everyone would be having one, i would think that would just make things more complicated. first, as they stated in the passage, there could be some sort of alert to notify the driver when they need to take the wheel. thats just the problem, i asure you some people who would be travling far, what if they are sleeping, really zoned out, or just dont understand? what if they dont take the wheel in time that could result badly. its just an issue, people could be getting hurt, the driver. they could hit something or someone because they werent paying attention. more so the beginners, everyone would be testing it out, getting to know the system and that isnt safe. next, as they stated in the article, it costs millions to go through with this change. all the money that would be going towards this, i just believe there are other things we could be using that money on. im positive the cars would be costing a good amount also, not everyone could get that. just to change the roads , and get everyone started, it would just be costing so much. lastly, honestly whats the point? if people dont want to be driving they should just catch a taxi, or drive with other people. theres other better and more affordable options. whats the point in getting a car that drives you? its really not helpful in anyway. in conclusion, thats why i believe having driverless cars is really not something we need. our society is hardly doing anything on their own now a days, and the fact that driving isnt even really that difficult. i believe its a waste of money, it could be very dangerous, and there really is no point.