prof. thomas huang, prof. nicu sebe and dr. paul eckman have been able tro design, read and determine emotions using a computer software called facial action coding system facs. using this technology, they were able to make a computer generated d model of the face in this world famous painting. using the muscles that lay underneath the skin in this d model, the software is able to determine the emotion of the person based off of the physical characteristics and movement of the muscles. in using the facs software a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored predicted dr. huang paragraph . much like a classroom instructor, the computer and software will be able to modify the lesson and instruction to further engage and explain to the student. however, in a classroom, it seems that teachers will rarely change lesson plans to engage their students, and will further explain only if a specific question is asked, regardless of the look of confusion of the students faces. futhermore, teachers and program writers would have to code for and write many forms of the lesson to explain or engage the students before uploading it to the computer for lessons. if a student is bored or confused, the software and computer system will have to be able to  recognze the facial expression and  choose from several lesson plans to fit and better the facial expression of the studentuser. as a student, i do not find myself to be facially expressive on the computer, in fact the only expresson i have is within my mind, while my face remains blank. this would make it impossibke for the facs to identify bordom or confusion. there is also the possiblilty of the software confusing one of these facial expressions with that of concentration when reading or writing. the article states that  your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. paragraph  if the same algorithms facs would be used to determine the facial feature of mona lisa and her expression to aid the computer in determining the facial characteristics and emotions of a student. at our on technology based school, students can either rent laptops or provide their own for school work. if our personal computers cannot store the algorithms of facs to determine the facial features of students then it would be entirely useless. the school would have to purchase entirely new computers for every student in the school, with the ram and capacity to read emotions and contain the facs. these computers would have to be laptops so they can be transported between classes, school and home. this would be too costly for the school or students and improbable in being able to find and provide the correct kiond of computer. if the facs needs to be able to computer generate a d model of the face, the computer would run signifigantly slower because it is trying to read your emotions and run any other programs you have open for your class work. unlike the mona lisa, our faces are already threedimensional, however the computer software would have to be able to generate a computer model of the students face and expression by examining the muscles underneath in the model, which in all liklihood would take much longer to complete than it does for an expression to change or the comprehension of a subject ot take place. to conclude, although the facial action coding system would hypothetically work to decide emotions, it would be entirely too costly, time consuming, and unlikey in te effectivness of being able to read the expressions of students during class.