in the article making mona lisa smile, the author talks about a new software that has been developed called the facial action coding system. this new technology is able to identify facial expressions. the use of this technology is valuable in classrooms and can read the emotional expressions of students. the facial action coding system enables computers to detect human emotions. it does this by associating six basic emotions with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. the six basic emotions classified are happiness, surprise, anger, digust, fear, and sadness. the software claims that mona lisa is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  persent angry. this technology could be very valuable in classrooms because with this new software, classroom computers can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. the author gives an example of web ad popups. if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this application would be effective in teaching students and could help them retain information. by modifying a lesson based on each student, kids will be able to learn at their own pace they will not get bored as quickly and space out during lessons. students do not always say how they feel, so with technology that can detect expression, instructors will be able to communicate with the student and help them with their specific needs. every student learns differently in different ways and different speeds. with the facial action coding system, students will not be rushed or slowed down to learn. most of human communication, including emotional communication, is nonverbal and is actually shown through body language and facial expression. this new technology will be of great value in classrooms because it will be able to modify each lesson for each student according to their learning styles. this new software can detect how someone is feeling and can help to effectively instruct students.