manyresident of the community of suburban pioneer are going to a place where many other never gone before and even give up thyeir own cars. the street parking,drive way,and even garage are forbiden in new district. in outskirt of freigburg,near the french and swiss borders. vaubam is almost car free exect themain thoroughfare where i down town there owner a space for around , and even come with a house a  of family donot own their own car other wise a  dold their own car to live suburman community. france has a problem with cars the car where made to stay in a garage og a house until fuder notice but all owner were charge a  euro fine  other wissw around  cars have to be impounded because of their reaction. then around monday the smog had clrear out enough for some of the license plates where let ou also by tuesday. in bogota colombia the spread other country millions of colobians hiked,bike skated or took buses to work during a car free day for people not had use there car to be motivated to do new thing by riding bike having fun and ecercise car starting to be banned only buses and taxi where in use they also banned car that way they reduce the amount of smug in the enviroment the people where charge a  dollar fee if they wouldnot obey the law of no cars. rain started in bogota people couldnot participate in the event. two other colombian cities started the events. this made big improvement its started in the s. many good things happened the uneven side walks were fix and many store and resturant the rate went up because receive more custormer in rush hour. president obama said ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions people are buying fewer cars as the recent studies have shown fewer license were being out as each year goes by population growth has increase by the years the number of mile driven by a person was around  miles per hour in  the people couldnot really afford new cars and it will not help the uniploment rate. people think with changes stops car commuting as a result of recession may find less reason to resume the habit. the internet helps people communicate without having to go out of their home to visit them. new york bike sharing program helps many people to share time as family. they have done a study young people drecease the driving. ford motor made partner with the telecommunications industries the crated cities connected network to save time conserve reasources and lower emissions and improve safety for child,teen and mostly use adult.