limiting carusage would mean eliminating pollution to the air that we need to breathe. without the millions or cars we have the in world, the air we need to breathe would be way cleaner. eliminating cars would give people the opportunity to walk and get the excerise that they probably need. which is more important, your car or your health? the pollution to the air is put there by the cars we drive everyday. if we limit the usage of cars, the world would probably be a cleaner place than it is now. take paris, france for an example. they banned the driving of cars because the car had almost a nearrecord pollution. what if we, the people of the united states, drove our cars so much that there was smog everywhere and the government had no choice but to ban driving priviledges from everyone? no one would like that. but it doesnt have to come down to that. we can change that, today! if the people in paris refused to leave their cars at home, they were fined euros , and if they reacted a certain way, their cars were impounded. imagine if that was you. what if you had to pay  because you didnt want to leave your car at home and have your car impounded if you got an attitude about it? how would you feel? most of us dont like to ride the bus, but what if we had no choice? in bogota, colombia, they have the day without cars event, where only buses and taxis were allowed to use to roadways. the day without cars event has been going on since the mids, and its part of an improvemenet campaign. if every cities in the entire world had a day without cars event, that would generate a change to everyone at one time. just imagine, one a year, to go a day without driving your car. the world would be a much cleaner and safer place without cars. people die everyday because of car accidents. we could change that with just one event each year. in america, people are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by, according to elisabeth rosenthal. rosenthal also says that americas love affair for its vehicles seems to be cooling., meaning that we are starting to realize what our precious cars are doing the the environment. in april of , the number of miles each person drives was almost as low as it was back in january of . imagine if you were to live back in s. there were no cars, people had to walk were they need to go. yes, it took forever to get there, but it was the only transporation that they had. if we keep going at the rate that were going with these cars, there wont be any good air left to keep us alive.