a car free world?! that sounds splended! over seventy percent of vaubans families in germany do not own cars, and almost fiftyseven percent sold their car to move there due to the fact that they are almost ninety percent car free. there are so many advantages on limiting your car usage. think of it like this, you walk outside your front door and see hundreds of big bulky cars and trucks flying by giving off greenhouse gas emissions from their tailpipes, which is not good for you at all. is that what you want to see every morning? or do you want to swing up that front door, smell those roses, and see all your neighbors hopping on their bikes about to ride off to work. there are so many benefits of limiting car usage but a main one is the health of the people. how many times a day do you see an overweight person struggling to get in or out of their car? here in america it has become a casual sight. now picture this, you see that same person getting on a bike and driving to and from work. how long do you think it is going to take until they start to loose weight and start to feel healthier, inside and out. some ignorant people say that the car industry is boosting, but i agree with those intelligent people who are seeing that the industry has been slowly declining. you see more people taking taxis, carpooling, or texting their friends to pick them up. different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a longterm cultural shift. mimi sheller, an extremely smart professor at drexel university. she is refering to the decline in car buying and the amount of people getting their licenses. did you know that their has been a large drop in the percentage of  to  year olds getting a license, while the older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age. according to a study found last year, young people driving has decreased twentythree percent between twothousand one and twothousand nine. do the smart thing, get a bike and ditch the gas guzzling, greenhouse gas emissioning, car of yours today!