driverless cars are trying to become a thing you know? how do drivers even thing that is okay? how does the law think it is okay? driverless care, are you serious? it would reduces the wrecks that is forsure, if people wasnt so wreckless on these roads today we wouldnt have any wrecks, but drivers just dont care anymore they would let someone hit them just for the money. some people have been told the drivers seats will vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. it would reduce the cause of alot of wrecks, he says,  their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, a million miles is alot, with a brain driving, not a human that is far. human are in the car respond when needed or told to take the wheel cause danger is around. what if the driver falls asleep while they are waiting to drive again, or waiting for danger to come? it says gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. other options under condideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays. he also says, why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? how would someone respond to a dead body or how would the drivers family if they knew he was in a driverless car, trying to sleep and the car wrecked because he was asleep and didnt hear, see, or feel the warnings? the drivers family would want to sew the car manufactures. he says the manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the raod. while the driver watches the roas, the car watches the driver. driverless car shouldnt be aloud to become a thing even tho is has some good things, it also has alot of bad things too. to much stuff goes on behind a car that humans and only humans should have to take in responsiblity. they can be they cause of their own death, dont leave that up to the car.