im agaisnt the driverless cars are coming because i feel that it is not safe at all.you dont know what the driveless car is really accapable of, other then what they tell you. driveless cars wont be able to tell when an accident is occuring? how could our technology is that devloped or advanced? its not. it would take over a billion of years to be very advanced enough to be on the road. i dont even think sensors would even help for this car to be safe. what if they sensors are not picking up something important than your suck? maybe even in the middle of a train track because they senes to stop right away. not all technology is good technology. i dont believe that sensors are advancing to where it makes it safer to drive or handle driving tasks of their own. if a car was to charge the driveless car, would it pick up those senes that its about to be hit? no, because i dont believe its ready for things like that. yes, i do think that the driveless car was a good idea, but i dont think it was good to try and let it control a lot of things, such as the antilock breaks. i feel the breaks are going to only stop when it senses something is wrong, not when something is actually wrong. steering by its own? no! what it you hit a pot whole and the car starts to move in a different direction on its own and you have no control what so ever. how would it even know which way to steer or turn? it wouldnt be a safer feature, i think it would be an unsafe feature. i disagree with the driveless car. i feel it is not safe and advanced for our people. new laws would have to be made due to this driveless car and i dont believe people would be to happy with the new rules having to follow. it should also be illegal here to even test such a dangeruos computerised car. if someone where to get hurt, i would blame they manufactuer or making for the false addvertasing they were do, when they told me they driveless would be safe. i dont approve of this car.no car that has its own mind should be on the road.