its that time of year again. the election of the president of the united states! but does our vote really matter? i mean the electoral college does all the voting anyway. so should we change the electoral college to popular vote for the president or, keeping it the way it should be senator? to commence, the electoral college is pretty much the way the president is elected. there are currently  electors in the electoral college source . and in order to win the presidency you need to have at least  electoral votes. but why is it like that? in the  u.s. election al gore had more popular votes than george w. bush did nationwide. but he lost the election because bush had  electoral votes compared to gores  source . the electoral college is widely known for being unfair but, there is a reason for that. number  is the certainty of outcome. its less likely to dispute over the popular vote than it is than the electoral vote. the reason is because of the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. source . on the other hand, some americans have five reasons to keep our horrendous way to elect our president. a certainty of outcome. it is stated in source  that it is less likely to have a dispute of electoral votes than popular votes. and its because of the winning candidates share of popular votes. everyones president. its stated that the electoral college requires to a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. the south and northeast region dont have enough electoral votes to elect a president. so romney had no incentive of campaining in the south. swing states. the winnertakeall method is popular in each state in the u.s. giving the winning candidate to win the presidency. the tossup states are more likely to pay more attention to the campaign.  big states. larger states are more likey to have more electoral votes than smaller states. in contrast, florida and wyoming. florida has  and wyoming with only a mere  electoral votes. avoid runoff elections. the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. hence, senator there is no need to change the electoral college to popular votes. although, many americans despise the way it works. it still manages to elect a president in an unfair way.