as the world changes and humans present more and more issues involving the enviroment many things must change in order to survive. cars are a huge problem to not only the enviroment but to us people also. it has been proven by scientist that cars provide more stress to humans lives, cars are also responsible for a majority of the green house gasses emmited on earth, and cars in the modern day are playing a huge role in many people everday lives, most even depend on the car to move on with the ir days. what most dont know is that the use cars provide more issuse within their daily lives than not using them. for example a mother of two from vauban, germany states that  when she used a car everyday she used to be very tense, and now that she has given away her car theat she is much happier. scientist have proven that  having to keep a car up and running, and dealing with all of the maintence that comes with it is casing many families to begin pinching pennies. cars consume most of the money that people earn there for many people are becoming poor because they must take care of their automobile.  passenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe ...and up to  in most carintensive areas in the united states say scientist. after a day of a partial driving ban to clear the air of smog in paris congestion on the streets was down , and the smog nearly covering france also lessened. the main cause of the build up of smog over france is because of the cold nights and warm days caused the warm layer of air in the atmosphere to trap car emissions. the use of diesel fuel in france also contributed to the intensifiying smog considering that diesel fuel is used in  of vehicles in france. the emission of greenhouse gases from cars is destroying our enviroment and atmosphere which could potentially end up harming people in the long hall. so the decrese of car usage and the increse of riding bikes and walking to reach our destinations such as the people of vauban, germany could not only help the enviroment but make life slightly easier and less stressful.