a new technology to read the emotional expressions. do you every wonder what if a computer can detected if you are happy or sad? i think that facial action coding system to read the emontional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. not even for everybody around you to know, but for yourself. it sounds pretty cool. prof. thomas huang and prof. nicu sebe helped developed a way for you to know. it would be awesome just for your everyday life, but for your classroom would be more valuable. not only for students, but for the teachers and administrators. in paragraph  it states,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. now say your having a bad day and you have this  page essay to do. you know that your mad and you dont want to do it but your teacher has no clue. the new technology will help the teacher know how your feeling about the whole situation. the teacher might push the assignment back for you because heshe knows your not feeling the day and they know it will only stress you out. i think the technology is a good advantage to have in classrooms. teachers can know how the students feel about an activity or a project. the teachers might think its fun but the students might feel like its boring. if a student does not like a project, they dont put in as much effort. in paragraph  it states,a web ad appears do your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. in classrooms we do a lot with computers and ipads. ads pop up on the screens all time. there mostly annoying and we click out of it after we see the first one. but if its one that we like then were going to want to see another one. a new technology to read the emontional expressions. do you ever wonder what if a computer can detected if you are happy or sad? i think that facial action coding system to read the emontional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. not even for everybody around to know, but yourself. it sounds pretty cool.