dear mr. senator, i am writing you concerning a topic that is very important to our country, and the citizens that preside in it. the electoral college is the current method of determining who will be elected as the president of the united states of america. as you know, it does so by allowing our citizens to vote for electors that then choose who they want as president for us. citizens will most often vote for an elector that has sworn to vote for either the democratic or republican partys candidates for president. however, i dont quite agree with this method of election. through my research on this subject, i have discovered that not only do these citizens not have the access to vote directly for who they want to run their country, but also that many electors go back on their word and vote for another partys candidate. i believe the system should be changed and the president should be elected through popular vote, and im not alone, according to a gallup poll taken in , over  of the population agrees with me. if the popular vote elects the president, every citizen will have their own choice on who they want as a president. in an electoral college, many people will merely have their votes casted aside becausetheir decisions or thoughts arent the same as eveyone else in their state. though some people say an electoral college is positive because it requires the candidateto have more than just regional appeal, but if people in that state like a specific candidate, even if they vote for an elector, the rest of their state may not like that candidate, and that persons vote will be cast away. also, the electoral college doesnt always follow the peoples vote. for example, if there were to be a tie in the electoral college, the election would be given to the house of representatives. since many people vote for a different party candidate than who they vote for, for the house of representatives, they would not get their vote for president counted for anything, and the house may choose the president they dont want, without getting a say in any of it. not to mention the  election when al gore got more votes overall, but bush won the presidency due to the unfair, outdated system of the electoral college. the electoral college puts the decision of who will be the president into a couple hundred peoples hands, instead of every american citizen. another reason for changing the method to popular vote is the fact that all of the electors count the same. since each state only counts for one electoral vote, the one elector from wyoming, representing , voters, will count for the same as the  electors from, california, who represent  million voters. that simply isnt fair because its the same as saying the opinions of only , voters in wyoming are as influencial and important as the entire  million voters opinions from california. the fact that not all american citizens, promised to be able to vote for who will lead their country and influence their everyday life, are able to do so is absurd. many people argue and say that just one vote wont make a difference, but there are ,, people in california alone that are being disregarded and not counted for anything more than the , in wyoming. why should the people living in smaller states have more influence than those with larger populations? why shouldnt those . million people in california be able to make their own decision and choose their own vote for the president? the entire population of every single state in the united states of america, that has the legal right to do so, should be able to vote, and to have their vote actually counted for something instead of just having their decision made for them by someone theyve never even met. with the popular vote deciding who will be president, everyone will matter just the same, which is how it should be since we are all created equal, and we all should have the equal power to decide how our country will be governed and who will govern it, we should all be counted not just the small percentage that is at the top. thank you for your time and consideration. your fellow floridian and american, proper_name