since the s cars have been an integral part of our lives. it seems everyone has one nowadays. but this overuse of cars is starting to have a negative effect on our enviroment and is causing mass traffic jams that put cities on halt. we as a society must start limiting our car usage to help save our enviroment and to stop traffic jams that do not let the city run smoothly. cars were and still are one of the best inventions man has ever made, so it is understandable why people would have such a hard time letting go of something that is so useful. but one must understand that although the car is useful it is also hurting other things, whether it be inadvertant or not. cars have always been bad on the enviroment, now so more then ever. according to in german suburb, life goes on without cars passenger cars are responsible for   of greeenhouse emissions and up to  in some car intensive areas in the united states. this shows that we as a society are one the of the main reasons why are enviroment is crumbling around us. these greenhouse emissions and mass pollution by cars are hurting the enviroment whether we want it to or not. everybody must take a look at these numbers and see the negative effect they are having on the enviroment and realize that by simply not using a car they can help save the enviroment. another example of the bad effects cars have on the enviroment can be found in the article paris bans driving due to smog. in the article it talks about how paris had to enforce a driving ban due to the amount of pollution in the air from cars. the fact that a driving ban had to be implemented to stop pollution is absolutley ridiculous. this alone should show people that refuse to see the negative effects they are having on the enviroment around them that car usage should and must be cut down. by simply cutting down our usage of cars we as people can help save the enviroment. who would not want to be a part of that? cars have always been viewed at as the best mode of transportation. everyone believes that their car can always get them to the place they need the fastest. but what most people do not think about is the mass traffic jams in cities that the usage of cars can cause. if people simply cut down there car usage and try out other forms of transportation it actually could get them to the destination they want the quickest. an example of this can be found in the article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. in the article it says when they banned cars for the day the huge traffic jams in the city suddenly went away. this allowed people on bikes and buses to actually get around quicker than they usually could with their cars. so by not using cars people actually got around to the places they needed to be due to the lack of traffic jams in the city. the amount of cars driven on the road per day has risen to an astronomical number over the years. although cars may be efficient they also have many harmful effects. two of the worst are the effect they have on the enviroment and the mass traffic jams they cause. we as a society must recognize that by cutting down our usage of cars we can actually have a positive effect on our enviroment while also allowing ourselves the ability to bring traffic jams to a minimum.