dear state senator, the electoral college is a system that the united states has been using to elect its leaders for many years. a large number of people have come to believe that this method of voting is fraud because not everyones vote is truely heard. the way the electoral college works is every four years when people go to vote, people are not actually voting directly for their desired leader, but for a state elector. although this sounds like it would work flawlessly in theory, in some cases the number of electoral votes have overridden the number of popular votes. in the  election between bush and gore, bush ended up winning even though gore received more popular votes. the nation did not know who the president was going to be until the next year becuase the election came down to only a couple of hundred votes. although this is a rare occurance it shows how easily the electoral college can wrongly choose a president. if the united states elected a president by taking a popular vote, this issue would not exist. all of the extra systems that are put in place are simply not needed. if the electoral college was removed and the united states voted in leaders based on the national popular vote, this means that there would also be more people voting. many people, especially in one sided states such as texas and california, believe that their vote does not count becuase theyre state is guarenteed to favor one party every election. if the electoral college did not exist then knowing that every individual vote counts and that it does not matter where you live, more people are actually going to listen to what candidates have to say and are going to go out and vote. in conclusion, although the electoral college may sound good in theory, i believe that the united states voting system would be more legitimate if a national popular vote was taken so that everyones voice is heard no matter where they live. voters should be able to know that theyre vote will count so that the right leader is chosen for the right reason.