the challenge of exploring venus argues why humans should research venus, despite the difficulties that may follow. the author provides information about venus and what makes it such a hard planet to explore, but more importantly, why that should not stop researchers and scientists. through the authors compelling argument, readers are able to form their own opinion of whether venus should be explored. the author supports the idea of studying venus well by dicussing benefits, ways to avoid dangers on venus, and future experiments, all while including strong evidence and interesting hooks to captivate the readers. after sharing information about venus, the author begins to discuss the benefits of exploring the planet. the author supports their argument well by giving compelling evidence to back up their statements and opinions. it is stated in paragraph , astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this quote shows the value in exploring venus, further supporting the authors argument. the article goes on to share another compelling reason the fact that venus is our nearest option for a planetary visit, as stated in paragraph . the current limitations of space travel only allow for close visits for astronauts, making venus a compelling planet. by discussing the benefits of exploring venus and giving evidence to support it, the author starts off their argument very strong. next, the author shares how astronauts can get past the many dangers that venus presents. this acts as a refutation for any arguments that claim venus is too dangerous to explore. in paragraph , the author shares an idea of a blimplike vehicle that would allow astronauts to survive. they state, not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. there are also other approaches that can be taken that the author shares. in paragraph , simplified electronics are discussed because of their ability to survive on venus. this ongoing project shows that there are ways to explore venus and that the idea is not entirely impossible. the author also brings in evidence to support their claim by sharing the science behind simplified electronics. this shows that the statements made are not false and allows for the readers to understand how the electronics work. these refuations leave no doubt for any other arguments, creating a stronger support. the author later compels the readers with motivation and inspiration by arguing that the challenges should only bring more drive to explore the impossible. in paragraph , they state, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the author is able to finally bring to rest the argument that venus is too dangerous to explore. more importantly, it also shows the emotion that the author brings into the paper. all throughout the article, the author uses many hooks in order to draw the reader in. this technique makes the article more approchable and altogether much more interesting. discussing the value in exploring venus allows readers to believe that humans are capable of surpassing the challenges, despite the odds. it also draws more interest in, as not all people who read the article will be interested in space or the importance of it. even if someone who reads the article is not interested, they will at least be inspired at the end. the last sentence in the article states our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. imagination and innovation appeal to everyone, allowing for a stronger arguement that will presuade anyone who reads the article. overall, the challenge of exploring venus is a very presuasive article. the paper starts off with information about venus, drawing the reader in. the author explains the reasons why humans should not be daunted by the nature of the planet, and goes on to give evidence to support their reasons. solutions are given in order to survive venus challenges in order to refute any arguments against their claims. lastly, the author uses strong hooks and compelling arguments that appeal to anyone in order to create a persuasive article that interests the reader from beginning to end. the idea that venus should be explored is well supported in the article, leaving no one to be against it.