for the past two decades we as citizens have been trying to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, with little or no change. a major conductor of greenhouse gases would be automoblies also known as cars. for example france, cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. diesel made up  percent of vehicles in france, which was blamed for causing fivedays of intensifying smog that rivaled even beijing, china which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. in an article  suburb, life goes on without cars  by elisabeth rosenthal, it tells about vauban, a town occupied with , residents in germany where locals have given up their cars. street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district and vaubans streets are completely carfree except the main thoroughfare, where the tram to downtown freiburg runs, and a few streets on one edge of the community.  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way said heidrun walter a local resident of the town. vauban serves as a great example on how the majority of world should be. the time to take action is now. reducing car usage can benefit the world around us globally, less pollution equals a cleaner world we live in meaning a better environment. things like a day without a car should be global holiday. in  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota  by andrew selsky it describes how bogota, colombia had a day without cars that helped promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. cars are the main source of greenhouse gas emissions and need to be put on a limit. they produce pollution that is not only bad for the earth, but bad for our health as well. a solution to reduce cars emissions is having holidays in which no one can use cars and use other forms of transportation like bus or bike. it is important that we take action and aim for a better, cleaner tomorrow.