i am against the developement of driveless cars for various reasons. first, these cars are not  driveless. second, they can be really expensive and not affordable to many and finally, it cannot navigate through roadwork or accident in which a driver would need to take over. these cars are not  driveless in the article it said that the cars would not be able to navigate through roadwork , accidents , and etc. they also can not drive in or out of driveways or handle complicated driving issues. these things could lead to accidents in which someone could get seriously injured. next, these cars will probably or most likely be very very explensive in which millionsbillons of people would not be able to aford. even tho it is not a serious problem i feel like most people would like to have a driveless car of there own,but because of it being expensive it would be very very difficult. in the article it states that the engineers at berkeley tride to something similary as said in the pasage, these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to extisting roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical .in the passage it also said that radar was a device on the hilltop that cost  million dollars fianlly, it wouldnt be safe. lets say a driver was taking his driveless car to work in the morning and his lack of sleep from last night got to him in the car and he ended up falling asleep. in the passage it said that google cars werent truly driveless, that the driver would need to take over during complicated things a driveless car wasnt able to do things like move through accidents or roadwork and if someone got lack of sleep like they guy from above then the car would get into an accident because the person would be sleeping and this accident could lead to his death. the passage also said that in  bmw announced trafic jam assistance and that the car would handle speeds up to only  mph that speed is no where near how much people could now a days  mph is like for a small neightbor that raffic jam wouldnt be able to work during a regular street in which speeds could reach  etc. although the develepmonts of these driveless cars are increasing i still believ that it is not at its greatest length and i dont feel like we will reach one day when im alive mabye wehn im dead. as you can see i am against the developement of cars.