vroom! vroom! is the familiar and common sound heard all across the world. can you believe that cars can be so helpful and convienient, yet cause so many problems? the united states, environmental protection agency, jumped on board with its new promotion of, car reduced communities. this is a new act that will limit car usage, and help protect our earths environment. motorits all over the world are contributing to the greenhouse effect, stress, congestion, and pollution in the air we breathe. countries such as, columbia, france, and germany are trying to reduce pollution, and the long term affects of cars have on the world. middleclass families, ranging from chicago to shanghai, make a huge impact on our greenhouse. up to about fifty percent in the us alone emits carbon dioxide gas, instead of trying to reduce it. according to the international agency headquarters in london, the congestion and traffic within the capital of france, went down sixty percent, after fining citizens for being on the road after five days of a nearrecord pollution. the smog that covered this global city had one hundred fourty seven microorganisms per cubic meter. they had blamed diesel fuel as the reason for the smog. the cold nights and warm days trapped car emissions. if we started this new idea, we would see a large improvement within our enviromnment. beep! beep! traffic is such a stressful situation to be in. wheather it is on your way to work, going home, getting lunch, or going to see a friend, the streests are flooded. this new act will promote the simplicity of transportation. this will release a lot of stress on people, and make their lives happier and healthier. people will be more connected and involved with their community and surroundings. sidewalks are being layed out all throught cities, for people to find a new efficient way of transportation such as, walking or riding a bike. some countries are so used to not having a car or even having a space to put a vehicle. in vauban, germany, people are giving their cars up more and more. they just see the positive affects this carfree act has on them. today seventy percent of families that live there do not own cars. the rate of people getting their license has gone down dramaticlly as well. car companies are scared for their business if everyone tries to conserve energy. this limitation of moterized vehichles may be just what the world needs to improve its environment. this saves more energy, reduces pollution, keeps people healthy and stressfee. living a life of simplicity will make you more happier.