technology has become so advanced that we are able to get places without touching the wheel. or that is what people envision of when they think of driverless cars. in reality, the driverless car still needs a driver. driverless cars shouldnt be implemented on the streets until we are certain that they are safe. switching the a driverless vehicle could also cause you to forget how to drive since the driverless car will do it all for you. taking a drivers license test and education would prove to be futile as well since youre not going to be driving. driverless cars arent actually driverless and car manufacturing companies are falsely calling their cars something they arent. driverless cars shouldnt be used in the near time future. the driverless car seems too good to be true, and it is. dr. wener huber, a bmw project manager driver stated, why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? the car still needs a driver and signals them in a way that will get their attention, whether its flashing lights or a vibrating seat. getting behind the wheel of a driverless car can put your life in danger because technology isnt always reliable. until driverless cars are perfected with no flaws and safe, then they will be of use. if the car would get into a collision with another car, whose fault is it? the car wasnt doing what it was supposed to do and the person in the drivers seat couldnt do anything about it. the company who made the vehicle would be to blame because they released a car that wasnt safe to use for public transportation. at the age of sixteen is when teens usually get their drivers licenses. there would be no point in the younger generation obtaining a license because they wont be driving. hypothetically speaking, a ten year old could be behind the wheel of a driverless car, granted that the driver doesnt have to touch the wheel, and drive. cars should be manned by humans that have the power to respond to certain situations that a computer might not be programmed for. car manufacturers are falsely branding the idea of a driverless car. they are making it seem like the car does it all and that you can sit back and relax. the truth is the exact opposite of what they say. the driver of a driverless vehicle still needs to remain focused on the road and must be ready to take over the car at any given moment. our technology today is advanced, but not to the point where a computer can operate a car by itself. in a couple of years, many improvements can be made to the driverless car. by  car brands such as mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan are planning to have cars that can drive themselves. not now, but in the future driverless cars would be beneficial and make a big impact on the world. no more dreading long car rides. it will also be safer because drunk drivers would be driven home without any problems. driverless cars arent ready to be released into the world. they need to be developed so that everyones concerns are satisfied. it shouldnt be called a driverless car if a driver is still needed. questions about who can drive it and how old you have to be need to be answered. driverless cars are still a long way until they are ready to be used in public. driverless cars shouldnt be used in the near future.