venus is a planet that is in our soloar system. its our second planet from the sun.yes theres are a lot of dangers but we been wanting to be closer to it we want to get to know it better. venus is so to called evening star but why is that they say that its the brightest light in the evening at night. venus is sometimes referred to earths twin because venus is so close to the earth, meaning in density and size and with distance. as you might already know earth, venus, and mars are our our neighbor to the orbit sun but with different speeds. we sometimes closer to mar or venus it depentes. alot of people have tried to go visit venus but couldnt make it. or they unmanned because they knew it was dangours. theres are a thick atmosphere of almost  of carbon dioxide blankets in venus. what made it challenging were the clouds of highly corrosive. on the planet surface, the temperatures are the average of  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmosheric pressure is  times greater than whta we live in. if you thinnk of that its really hot it can burn down anything in less than a min or seconds. venus is the hottest temperature of any other planet that we have even if mercury is closer to the sun. the sun is extreming hot. astrono are fascinated by venus because it has been the most earth like planet in the solar system. venus had or have features liek earth bbut not so many like we do. like we have oceans they have that too. our planet has a surface of rocky sedimet and familiar features like i said, oceans, valleys, mountains, craters all that. nasa been trying so hard and they have a plan to sent humans to study venus. they arethinking of buliding a so what called a blimplike vehicle that was a hovering of  or so mile above the roiliing venusian lanscape. they want to sent to study venus but in a safe easy way. with there plan that they got gwant to make sure because temperatures, so they want it to be thirty miles above the surface so they dont have to touch it. yes they would be  degrees fahhrenheit but the pressure would be closer to the sea level on earth. no they might not be so easy conditions but they are survivale for humans. so thats the callange of exploring venus.