the face on mars is a a buttemesa landform on mars, that has started a huge controversy between skeptics and nasa, because it depicts a human face. at first we were skeptical about the validity of this landmark, and we were not sure about what it really was. some of our other scientists got on the case and according to paragraph  of the unmasking the face on mars article, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. people were not going to easily accept this easily. according to paragraph  in unmasking the face on mars article, it has starred in a holywood film,. appeared in books, magazines, radio talk showsevne haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years!. this transformed and fueled people to start being skeptical about wheather or not it was a sign of life or not. they started to deny that me and other scientists at nasa were telling the truth and even thought that we would rather hide it then tell anyone. i can prove that the face on mars is just a landform on mars because, we have taken high quality pictures on a clear day of the landform, we would share with the world if their was life on mars, and we have studied it enough to see it is just a rock, thats shadows that make it appear as a face. the first piece of evidence of this face just being a landform is that we have taken the highest quality pictures possible, and we even did it on a clear day. the pictures were way more high quality then the original pictures, and accoriding to passage  each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. this showed clear as day what the face on mars really looked like. we then even took more pictures on a clear day because people started to speculate and according to passage  the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. us scientists decided we had to take it on a clear day, so we did and now we can tell you that is  what the landmark looks like. the second piece of evidence for the face only being a natural landform is that if we knew their was life on mars we would tell the people. we would make a lot of money and we would be able to keep nasa going and get enough money to keep funding us. according to passage  some people think that the face on mars is a bona fide evidence of life on marsevidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. this just proves my point of we would tell the people, and we would let everyone know because their is no reason for us to hide this from the people, and we would make a lot of money and would be able to keep funding nasa. the last piece of evidence about the face on mars just being a natural landform is that we have observed the landform for long enough, and according to paragraph what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. this proves my point of us being able to identify just from the picture that it is a butte or a mesa, and it is easy for us to know, because we already have some all across the american west. we also know according to paragraph  that huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. this shows that we have observed this landform for long enough and taken enough pictures that we can identify that it is just a landform that has shadows that just make it portray a human face. in conclusion me and other scientists at nasa know what we are doing, and would like to inform everyone that the face on mars is just a landform. we would tell the people about this as quick as possible if it really wasnt, and we would not try to hide it from the public at all. i hope all skeptics understand that we have enough evidence to believe that this is not a human face, that is just a landform, that we have taken enough pictures to understand what it is, and that there is nothing to worry about.