limiting car usage is great, i mean the more money you save to go out and try or do different things. the biggest question everybody that reads these articles might ask. how do you get to other places for example the airport or if you wanted to go to disney or somewhere else. anyway back on topic. all of our developement since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that needs to change. says david goldberg, an official of transportation for america. the question every pereson who is legal to drive how much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid. first and foremost, vauban, home to , residents within a rectangular square mile, may be the most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life. passengers cars are responsible  percent of greenhoudse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. in the united states the enviormental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities. many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a larger part in a new sixyear federal transportation bill to be approved this year. in previous bills,  percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only  percent to other transport. next, after days of nearrecord pollution , paris enforcd a partial driving ban to clear th air of the global city. motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leve their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to the oddnumbered plate sthe following day. almost , drivers were fined according to the international news agencyreuters. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france ,after five days of intsensifying somg. diesel fuel was blammed, since france has a tax policy theat favors diesel over gasoline. paris typically ahs more smog than other european capitals. las week paris had  microgramsof particulate matter. public transit was free of charge from friday to monday. the somg cleared enough monday for the ruling french party rescined the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. last, recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licensices as each year goes by. that has left researchers pondering a fundamental question has america passed the peak of driving? americas love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter. as of april , the number of mile driven per person was nearrly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in the year . inconclusion all of the less car usage is being used all across the globe. things like this are good to keep up.