the facial action coding system is a really cool technology. new software has been developed that improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. i can see how much our world is developed and became more creative. i against the use technoloy to read the emotional expression of students because i think it is unnecessary. first reason why i disagree is we can read someone emotion through their action and the look on their face. instead of using technology why not talk each other face to face and express our feeling. i also have a strong feeling that we cant exactly know someone emotions and whats in their mind through computer. first of all, we can read someone emotion through just by action and the look on their faces. we show emotion in everything we do. we dont need teachnology or computer to tell if someone is happy or sad. our facial show it all. for example, when someone been having a good day or something good is coming up, we can see bightness and excitement on the face and we can tell that person is happy. as dr. paul eckman associated emotions with the characteristics movements of the facial muscles, when your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes raise your eyebrows when you are suprised. in that case it is really unnecessary to use technology to tell emotions. secondly, instead of using classroom computer that could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored i think it will be more effective if the student and teacher talk each other face to face its the teacher job to know if their students understand what they are teaching. of course can tell if the students confused or boed just by looking at them and the look on their faces. even the computer know whats the students confusing or their emotion, it cant do anythng about it. the computer cant teach them or help them, its the teacher that can help the students. its the people, the human that can help when someone emotional. its a waste of time and money to use technology to recognize students emotion at school. therefore, it is unnecessary to use technology at school to read the emotional expressions of students because we cant really read whats exactly in someone mind , the looks of a person the computer recognize might be happy and the person can be deep sad inside. even the computer is smart and can tell if a person is happy or sad. thats might not be onehunred percent accurate because we are human and it is just a pieces of materials. human are mysterious. human and human understand each other more than the computer understand the emotional expressions of human.