driverless cars are making a break across the world. cars have changed so much since first invented. these driverless cars are just now getting popular although first invented in  from google. these cars have driven thousands of miles without crashing but could a crash be coming soon with them becoming ever so popular? the developement of these cars is going the change the world, for the better. the idea of driverless cars would not be on the rise unless the idea of safety was presented to the world. safety is a major topic discussed with these cars. according to the article, there are now ways that a driver can basically become a passenger in the car but still be able to take over the car when needed. there are seats that will vibrate when the car is backing up but is close to an object. these vibrations are meant to alert the driver that they need to take over the wheel and control the car again. no matter what, the driver will still be in control of the car. with safety being a concern of many, the idea of drivers not paying attention while in the car is also a concern. according to the text, the newly inovated car will feature flashing lights when the driver needs to take over. according to the text,they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. this example from the text explains that these cars are only going to be helping the driver. the driver must stay alert during the driving process though. safety is always going to be a concern in this car, but gm and other car manufactering companies are taking the necessary precautions to ensure that the future cars are still going to be safe. the new car is going to have several safety features. according to the text one of the safety feature are heads up displays that appear on the windshield that need to be turned off immediately. this heads up will pop up and if you arent paying attention to the road, then it will not be turned off as soon as it should be. according the article, this feature is considered a safety feature, which is a big concern. although safety seems to be important with these cars, there are some ways that manufacters are inventing that may be unappealing to car buyers. the article states,manufacters are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. this can seem very creepy for some drivers. they might not find it very pleasing that someone is going to be watching them every second that they are in their car. this single factor could be the reason why many people might not purchase a driverless car. although there seems to a long list of safety features for the new driverless car, there are small features that could stand between buying or leaving. with vibrating seats or pop ups that need turned off immediately, google, gm, audi, nissan and others companies are taking the necessary precautions when developing the new driverless car.