in a world of advancing technology finding new ways to change everyday objects is becoming a trend. from improving smartphones to driverless cars the number of new innovations is limitless. driverlss cars is one thing that has really been advancing lately. automobile manufacturers are coming up with new ways to advance the car. new diverless features are starting to become the new trend in the automobile world. driverless cars are a good yet bad idea. there are many great features that are being developed in these cars, but its not the smartestsafest idea. allowing technology to control a car instead of a human can lead to many hazards. one thing that it can lead to is wrecks that happen out of the persons control. the technology could fail and cause the car to do things that it should not. cars that are run by technology also dont have the instincts that a human has. people have the ability to prdict the acts of another driver, like when they pull out in front of you. technology may not be able to detect these types of things leading to more accidents. driverless cars would also take away the need for people to learn how to drive. when a teen becomes of age to drive they wouldnt need to learn how since the car does it all for them. what would happen if the technology were to fail and needed to be manually driven? people wouldnt know how to opperate the car because it was all done for them. in the event of an accident or speeding who would be put at blame? the driver or the car? these types of things could lead to many disbutes about the cars themselves. although there are many down sides to a driverless car, many good things could come out it as well. all of the sensors on a driverless car could help in the evnt of a person not paying attention while driving. the sensors could make the car react according to the situation if the person controlling the car was not paying attention. if a drunk driver were to be operating the car the technology in the car could help save the drunk driver, and other drivers on the road from getting in an accident. driverless cars have good and bad points. it is a grat idea with great intentions, but not all intentions are good ones. these cars could help save people from accidents or it could lead to more. the ability of what these cars can do wont really be known until they are applied to the real world.