car usage around the world is causing an increase in pollution, greenhouse gas, and obesity. cities have had to shut down roads and ban driving just to clear the pollution in the air due to car usage. this is why the world must put limitations on car usage. if we limit the usage of cars we will be rewarded with numerous benefits, such as better health, clean cities, and new relationships, in turn. but cars take us everywhere we need to go and fast! why should we not use them?! many people exclaim when first hearing about this idea. while getting to your destination fast, you begin to speed up everything around you. trying to get everything over with as fast as possible. for example, a teenager is driving home, he notices he has  extra minutes because he was speeding, and he feels hungry. so what will he do? he will go drive through a mcdonalds and get his dinner. now, not only has he added to greenhouse gas and the pollution of his city, he is also polluting his body. another downfall of the use of cars is safety. millions of car accidents happen every single year killing thousands of people. cars give stupid people too much power and speed then they need. you would not experience a bike crash or public transit bus crash as often as you would a car crash. cars dont just affect personal safety, they endanger your city. driving hundreds of cars around one area will definitely lead to the collection of fuel emissions ehich in turn produces smog. paris, france had to put a restriction on car usage because of the fact that the citys air was covered in smog. who on earth wants to live in a city of smog. the restriction acted as a test, to see if they could omit fuel emissions and help reduce the smog. so, one day all the even licensed plates were banned from driving while, the next day all the odds were banned from driving. this plan worked so well it didnt last more than a couple of days. car usage is a big issue worldwide and it needs to be stopped. wouldnt the limitation of car usage be a waste of cars? no. the answer is plain and simple no. countries worldwide are taking action to wean people off of using personal cars. in bogota colombia, they have the day without cars, a holiday in which you can not, at any time , use your automobile. the city of  million all use bicycles, and other forms of non technological transportation to move around the city. people who do not participate will be subject to paying money. this day has caused new bike paths to be built, parks, sport centers to grow more popular, and decreases the air pollution of colombia. another country taking part in the no car festivities is germany. in vauban you will experience a car free community. this town has stores built within walking distance, and offers public transport to travel around the town. im much happier this way said a german mother of . she walks the town and speaks of the noises she hears such as the swish of bicycles and chatter of children. the limitation of the cars has brightened the communtiy as a whole and allowed for its residents to be more happy and healthy as they walk or bike most places. also, studies show that happiness and good health are directly related so while fixing the negative effects of car use you are also stopping the vicious cycle of obesity . over all, the world would be a much better place without a high usage of cars. these new ideas and innovations are testing the ideals of a car free society and frankly, they are getting positive results. without cars, the world would be a much cleaner, healthier and happier place for all.