can you imagine a new innovated world with cars that could drive itself! crazy right! in the article driverless cars are coming, i have read about the evolution of the driverless car and i think it would be a great and cool innovation in the near future. in this essay i will explain my position on driverless cars. one reason why driverless cars would be a good innovation because it would be a safer way to get from one place to another. as it explains in paragraph , in order for the car to drive itself it would need sensors. the sensors will be advanced to detect the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. so forth, the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes and reduce power from the engine. but, the driver will always need to be focused at all times because the sensors will not detect other work zones and accidents. another reason why driverless cars would be a good innovation because it would possibly help young and rising drivers have a little more understanding of road smarts and how driving in the real world works. using driverless cars can actually be used in drivers ed in the future. now that that the world is more advanced when students are learning how to drive, the students wont need a teacher to teach them. companies could put a digital teacher in the driverless car with the same sensors to make the students more safe when they learn to drive. the last reason why driverless cars would be a good innovation because it would just simply be cool to say that the united states have driverless cars that are more safe and durable. the most important reason to have driverless cars is to keep the citizens safe. i wouldnt say driverless cars would prevent car accidents , i would say it will decrease the number of accidents in the united states. in conclusion, driverless cars, in my opinion, would be a great innovation to cars in america. driverless cars will allow safety on the roads, it could help young drivers, and it would just be cool to have a driverless car. i wouldnt be suprised if i see a car with no driver floating around in my area in the future.