dear senator the electoral college process was established by the founding fathers as a compromise between the election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. the electoral college consists of the selection of electors. the electoral college consists of  electors. a majority of  votes is required to elect the president. i am arguing for the change of the electoral college in the favor of changing it to the election of popular vote. i believe that if the people were given the chance to vote for president the outcome would differ. as it stands the president is elected by the electoral college. if the people were tasked with voting for the president then they would choose who they want. not who the electors want. the electors vote for whoever would look good for office. that means that the president wont always do whats right for america. the people desevre to choose the president. in a way it would be giving the people more freedom. if the electoral college stayed the way it is then americans would feel the freedom they were born with. the electoral college wouldnt be needed if the government allowed qualified citizens to vote. it would save quite a bit of money and time. we wouldnt be wasting paper for ballots. the resources used to set up voting booths could be targeted at something else instead of wasting paper that will be thrown away. the votes from american citizens are not taken into consideration. we are wasting many resources making people think they are voting when its really all up to the electoral college to who the president will be. i strongly agree with the fact that the electoral college should be taken out of power. if the electoral college stays in the power of deciding who the president will be then they can control the power. they decide who to put in office and if they want someone who will pass health care laws then theyll pick the presidential candidate that will most likely pass health care laws. in the future i hope that the electoral college will not exist. if the electoral college no longer exists then the people will be free to vote for whoever. this will make american citizens feel more free if they have the power to decide who the next president will be. sincerely proper_name