the facial action coding system presents a possibility for people to understand exactly how others are feeling just based on their facial expressions. the technology creates a d computer model of the human face which includes all  of the major face muscles. the software then analyzes the face, taking into account all movements of the muscles. this computer model is then compared to a neutral face that shows no emotion to identofy exactly what that individual is feeling. the facial action coding system offers a great opportunity for students to clearly understand the material they are learning, confidently be able to excel on a standardized test, and receive a better education overall. the facial action coding system will alllow students to understand the material they are studying much more clearly and completely. the system can evalutate a students face and be able to show whether that student is happy, bored, or confused. if the student appears to be bored or confused, the computer could then possibly modify the lesson and make the content easier to understand or enjoy. this would have extremely positive effects on classroom productivity. if all students were able to completely understand material, they would not only be well prepared for a standardized test, but they would also be prepared to continue their path in life towards a university or fulltime career. many students stress over certain standardized tests. some students dont understand the material they have learned leading up to the test, while others just dont do well on tests. this software could dramatically increase the overall scores of students standardized tests. the use of this software could also help to alleviate the stress of some students that are preparing to take these standardized tests. because certain tests are used to determine whether a student can enter a certain university or take a certain class, the facial action coding system could also allow students to pursue the career that they enjoy. it would allow them to take the classes and go to the universities that apply to their own personal interests. overall, the system could help students achieve their life goal when they otherwise might be unable to. because the facial action coding system would allow students to test into classes they enjoy and possibly enter their dream university, it would directly help that student to get a more fulfilling educatiion. without the system, some students are unable to take certain classes or attend certain univesities because their grades or test scores may be too low. if they are able to take classes they enjoy at their dream university, then they will be more prepared for the world they encounter when they leave high school or college. attending a university that they enjoy could allow individuals to receive a degree in a field in which they are passionate and pursue a career that they enjoys that could also benefit them with a steady income and insurance benefits. because it allows them to get a better education, clearly understand the material, and be better prepared for certain tests, the facial action coding system presents a great possibility for students to be successful. the system would allow students to clearly understand the material by analyzing their facial patterns and showing whether they are happy, bored, or confused. it would allow students to better prepare for standardized tests because it would help the students to clearly and completely understand what they are learning. this could also allow them a chance at a better education because higher grader and better test scores could allow them into their dream university. this would enable them to get an extremely benficial education that would set them on the track towards success. because it would better the education of students around the world, the facial action coding system would be very valuable in a classroom.