self driving cars, weve seen them in movies and on television. not science fiction anymore. google has been trying to develop a fully selfdriving car, that consumers can buy and use. not most people are against these potential dangerous vehicles, because of the drivers lack of control and the fear of something failing in the car. in fact, some people are so afraid of letting these things on the street, that some states for example, california, nevada, florida, and even the district of columbia, have put down laws to prevent these potentially dangerous tools on the streets. i am all for these new advancements in traveling technology, because they will help to reduce crashes, braking would be much more easier to detect, and they will for sure keep their driviers eyes locked on the road. now will many car crashes happening every year, people might assume that a slf driving car, not aware of the things surrounding it, would be more likely to cause a crash then regular cars...right? wrong! google, the company trying to develop these machines, have found out ways of preventing even more crashes in these vehicles. first, they actaully took a toyata prius, and attached a camera, sensors, and even a gps reciever to the car. the gps would help guide the thing, the sensors would help with braking and knowing if something is near by or coming towards the person inside, and the camera would as well, help the driver out when on the road. the camera also revovles constantly on the roof and creates a d model of the cars surroundings to help out the driver. dont believe it would work? what if i told you they actually tested it, and the car made it mkore then half a million miles with a crash! yeah! now of course some drivers are either on their phone or doing something else to even pay attention to the road and whats ahead. yeah, you know who you are. now of course google has figured out a solution to those problems as well. some of these things ive already mentioned, so i wont go into too much detail. for one the self driving car would have the lidar sensor camera to help make you aware of the surroundings. now there will be a camera inside to make sure the person is focused on the road, and if thy arent will send a wakeup call to the driver to make them do what they need to do. now one downside is the self driving cars they said would also have entertainment, that is another thing to distract the driver, but they fugured out that problem as well. they made it to where when the driver needs to focus on the road, the tech youre on would immediately switch itself off, to let the driver know that something is gonna happen, unlike phones that dont do that, again increasing the probability of crashing. now the drivers eyes are most important while driving. a driver must be fully aware of its surroundings, or else something could happen to them, or somebody else. google realized this as well, and added a few new features. again, a few of these things i might have already talked about, so i wont go into too much detail. a camera would be inside the vehicle to allow a person to watch the driver, to make sure their doing what theyre supposed to be doing, and even though its a selfdriving car, the camera will also make sure that the persons hands are on the steering wheel as well. now again, i dont like that they decided to put in entertainment for the driver, distracting them and increasing the chances of a crash, but again they took care of that by making them immediately switch off whenever the car believes that its in danger. now then, are self driving cars okay to use? right now i think theyre decent enough to use, but not ready for consumer use. i mean even though they did keep in mind the negatives and the positives to these cars, they still need a little more work, in my opinion. but i do believe they will be ready to use, and will be safe because of the new features they added, but get rid of that entertainment part of the car!