have you ever wondered what are some of the true dangers of exploring venus? venus is a broiling hot planet due to it being the second farthest planet from the sun, which is our closest star. scientists have created multiple technological devices, but have they created enough for them to explore planets, such as venus. did you know people say venus is a female planet. in case the reader has not yet figured it out, this essay is about the planet in our solar system known as venus. venus has a bad reputation and for a pretty good reason. no spaceship has ever landed there, neither has a space craft and survived for more than a few hours. this is because of the toxic gases that suround venus. its been three decades, thirty years, since scientists attempted to try to land another spaceship on venus. this is because those toxic gases that suround venus are ninetyseven percent of carbon dioxide and sulfuric acids, which is deadly for any living organisms lungs from planet earth. planet venuss toxic atmosphere makes it difficult for us humans to explore venus. venus has many other dangers to explore this planet as well. weather, natural diasters beyond what earths people has ever seen, heat, and itss atomospheric pressure. venus may be farther away from the sun by mercury is the first closest planet to the sun and is cooler than venus. venuss average temperature is over eighthundred degrees fahrenheit. venus has the hottest surface temperature than any other planet in our entire solar system. venus has an atmospheric pressure that is ninety times greater than what we experience on earth, our home planet. venusian geology shows venus has natural diasters including erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequently occuring lighting strikes. the lighting could easily get to venuss surface. venus has many other dangers to explore this planet as well. weather, natural diasters beyond what earths people has ever seen, heat, and itss atomospheric pressure. venus may be farther away from the sun by mercury is the first closest planet to the sun and is cooler than venus. venuss average temperature is over eighthundred degrees fahrenheit. venus has the hottest surface temperature than any other planet in our entire solar system. venus has an atmospheric pressure that is ninety times greater than what we experience on earth, our home planet. venusian geology shows venus has natural diasters including erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequently occuring lighting strikes. the lighting could easily get to venuss surface. despite these lifethreatening dangers for scientists, it would amazing to explore venus because it is something no human has ever done before. st sentence. it would be a worthy pursuit for sure. it would also be a lot of hard work just to discover how any human would be able to survive landing on venus to explore it. it would be amazing as well to do something like this because future generations of people would know if they believe and work hard enough that they can do anything they set their mind to do. anything is possible. this essay was on venus, a very dangerous planet. venus is a dangerous planet becaus venus is toxic. venus is also full of hot weather and natural diasters. those natural diasters are much more extreme than anything earth has experienced or the people on earth has and will ever see. mercury is even cooler than venus and mercury is even closer to the sun. venus is a dangerous planet, but it would be well worth being able to finally explore.