driverless cars are the cars of the future. when you think about the future you like of hover boards, spaceshifts, and automobiles that can literally drive themselves well the future is almost here. advances in driverless cars have not only made them plausible, but it has also made them a safer alternative to human skills. many car manufactures have been working on driverless cars, driverless cars have been driven over half a million miles with no accident, and driverless cars have safety features and abilities far beyond the skill of a humans ability. google has modifies a toyota prius so it can drive itself. this special prius has a huge amount of various sensors from wheel to roof it even has a lidar on the roof that continously updates d imaging of the surrounds of the car using laser beams. in  we only had antilock brakes and within the next ten years those sensors have become so advanced that they could detect and respond to skids and rollovers better than a human. because of sensors driving a car toda in safer than it ever was, further advancements in the technology of the car have made it so human error is lower. so why not make the car driverless and have no human error? in  bmw announced their development of a car that can handle driving up to  miles per hour, but the car features touch sensors that require the driver to keep hold of the wheel. this car can steer, brake, and accelerate themselves. although this car does have near driverless attributes, it is still not driverless. if we had casrs that could basically drive themselves with little to no help from humans, imagine the future when the car doesnt even need a human inside drive. driverless cars also improve the safety of everyone on the roads, or near them. some driverless car manufactureres hope to develop a car that uses displays that can be turned off the instant the driver needs to take over, as a form of incar entoertainment. in a way, this display system is a safety feauture since it is turned off automatically when the driver is needed, unlike a cellphone. googles driverless cars have driven over half a million miles with no crash. this proves the safety of the driverless car compared to the safety of a completely human operate car. driverless cars might be illegal in most states but that is starting to change, california,nevada, florida, and the district of columbia are the first to allow limited use of semiautonomous cars. the saying, the trend is your friend applies to this situation, and soon the country will legalize the use of driverless, or almost driverless, cars. driverless cars have more capabilites than a completely human operated car, they are safer, and they have peeked the interest of many large manufacturers. driverless cars are the future.