wouldnt it be nice to be able to text or answer that urgent call you need to get without having to take your eyes off the road? well then, that is why the major solution to this problem is driveless cars. i believe driveless cars are the next step to the beginning of a technological breakthrough. this invention isnt just something you dream about or might have seen in a movie, it is something that is actually being produced right now. the wellknown, multimilllion dollar companies that are popular right now are really putting in the effort to finalize it. these companies include google, bmw, general motors, and even berkely college. many poeople would say this is irrelevant, why does this need to actully be produced? well this car would benefit not only you the customer, but also the world. as stated by google cofounder sergey brian,... it would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility that a bus. with the smaller amount of fuel being used it would allow less pollutants to be given off also which in turn would keep the air clean. the idea of the driveless car would be extremely beneifcial ,and also helpful. in fact they are basically on the verg of being completed. google has even had cars that drive independently with specific conditions since . even though many states are turning against them by illegalizing the concept such as california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia, manufacturers still press on in their production. lastly, there is still a lot of major work to be done with this project. it has been stated that the cars are actually taking the place of assisting people to drive. this concept could be taken the wrong way as it will be a while until the cars actually able to do the functions we want them to. this is actually true, but with the millions of dollars being poured in i am certain man kind will be able to accomplish it in the end. in conclusion, driveless cars would definitelty be considered the thing of the future. with mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan planning to have cars drive themselves by  im sure it isnt impossible. they allow you to not have to do the hard job of actually driving when you do not want to, but you can still take control of the car when you need to. there isnt any way driveless cars wouldnt be an improvement to your daily life.