facial reading technology could be considered as an invasion of privacy. seeing it in this light, it would essentially reveal emotions to others when one may not want them to be perceived. although this technology may seem invasive to some, it could benefit classrooms in a variety of different ways because of how perceptive this technology is. the facial action coding system would be a vital improvement to the classroom because it would allow the teacher to know how the lesson went and make improvements upon it, make students happier, and check on a students wellbeing. many times in a classroom, students are not willing speak up to tell a teacher that he or she is doing something wrong. however, with the new facial techonology, teachers will recognize how their method of teaching is affecting their students. with this new feat of technology, teachers will be able to know how their students are feeling. they could recognize flaws in their lesson plan if students became too bored and disinterested with the topic they could have the ability and knowledge to make it more engaging the next time they teach it. while many people have the ability to fake an interested or happy expression, this technology would be able to tell even the slightest of differences. they even have the ability to tell when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful dalto . considering these are people who are always in the spotlight, these miniscule differences would be difficult to detect without this technology. in classrooms, even the best of actors would not be able to fool a computer system. therefore, teachers would be able to make drastic improvements upon their classroom if they wished to do so. if teachers recognize what they are doing wrong and would be willing to change it, students would be happier overall. if a teacher said something wrong or especially demoralizing to a student, they would be able to identify what it was and apologize or learn from their mistakes. the class would be more engaging and fun for students which would then prompt them to be more attentive in class. they would have more fun and learn more from the teacher. according to the facial feedback theory of emotion in the article making mona lisa smile, watching others emotions can make someone feel the same as the other person. they could create empathy among their students if they smiled more and would be able to create a better and more light hearted or elated atmosphere. with facial recognition technology, computers may be able to recognize when something is wrong with a student so that others could go get help. improving a students wellbeing is an important factor for many teachers. if something is wrong with his or her home life, a computer may be able to tell and alert someone before a drastic situation occurs. many problems could be prevented by checking in on a students wellbeing such as bullying. it would be more effective then students going to tell adults because many are afraid to do so. depression among teens is at a record high, and this could help prevent students from suffering as much it would also be able to detect anxiety and teachers could use this in turn to help reassure their students. the classroom would drastically improve if the facial action coding system was implemented becuase it would be aware of the atmosphere of the classroom and the people within it. by seeing how students react to the class, teachers could help make the learning environment more engaging. through this creation, students would be happier in the classroom and would essentially learn more if they were more interested. this techonology can benefit many students under emotional duress who might be afraid to speak out otherwise. if schools implemented the facial action coding system, it would improve the lives of the students and the classroom as a whole.