when looking at a old photo, many think what it was like for that person and how they felt, but now you can find out. the mona lisa is one of the most iconic paintings in the world. its known as one on the best selfportraits ever created due to its realism. now with the help of new software the facial action coding system, it now has a various amount of things its can do. you do not have to just use it for paintings. i believe that schools can benefit from the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom when taking tests and or in a lesson. the mona lisa was tested on using this amazing software and from these findings we can use it in diffrent fields. when the mona lisa was tested it was found that she was  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. how cool is that, how we simply use a software to discover things that we may have once not known or were uncertain about. this can change the way everyone look at pictures today and in the near future. we are getting more advanced every single day. if start to use tech such as this software today we can discover more than ever before. many people can benefit from such advancements like researchers and schools. schools all across the world can become far better educators from this. all across the world students take many tests. many high schoolers and college students in a classroom feel very stressed out from all the work they do. with this software we can help them when they need it. this can be put into a classroom where the computer and can recognize when a student is becoming confused or even bored. this could help many who struggle through lessons and even bring students up to par with others. this technology can modify the lesson like a more effective human instructor. if we can help every indivisual student by reading their emotions then we can help each student acheive. the facial action coding system is a very great advancment in technology. i believe that if schools can encorperate this software into thier lessons that students will not be as streesed, bored, and confused. every school should realise the value this can bring to a class.