driverless cars are a definite possability for the future, however there are many issues that need to be addressed before driverless cars go national. having a fully driverless car is not possible as of right now. as of right now, the closest to a driverless car is, a car that requires hands on the stering wheel by the driver. these cars can stear, accelerate,and brake themselves, but every one of these cars are designed to notify the driver when the road requires a human driver. these cars can not drive through construction sites and the scence of accidents by themselves. so this requires drivers to always be alert when in a driverless cars. threre are many issues that need to be addressed before driverless cars can be released to the public. one issue that needs to be addressed before driverless cars are national, is what will the car do when it arrives where there is constrution in the road. will the car know if it has to take a detour or will it try to continue on the orginal path that it knows. this can cause an issue because if a road is closed due to constrution, the car may not be able to find another way around and could cause damage to the passengers, the car, and any constrution workers on site. bmw has created a traffic jam assisant car that can drive by itself to spends up to mph. this car however requires that the drivers hands be on the wheel at all time. before driverless cars are a thing this issue needs to be addressed. another issue that needs to be addressed is what will happen if this car crashes. who is to blame? the driver, or the car manufactuer? these cars would need some way of letting the authorites know if the crash was due to driver error or manufacture error. if this issue is not addressed there could possibly many lawsuits out for the driver responsible of the car or the manufacture. as of right now. only three states and the diatrict of colimbia allow semiautonomous cars. in other states these cars are illegal. before these cars are able to be driven publicly, there is a need for new traffic laws to be put into place. these cars are liability risk, and this issue needs to be addressed before they should be allowed on the public roads. driverless cars are defiently a thing of the future. they are possible as some are already created and driving, however not one of these cars is one hundred percent driverless. bmw traffic jam assistant requires a drivers hand on the wheel at all times. there are many issues that need to be addressed before these cars should be allowed on public roads. there need to be laws put into place for these cars, because as of right now these cars a libablity risk. there are only three states plus the district of columbia that allow thses cars to be driven and tested. more states will legalize these cars once they are proven to be reliably safe. in order to have these cars avaliable to the public, authoriteies would have to be able to tell who was responsible for a crash. if there is a crash with one of these cars, would it be the drivers fault or the manufacture. this is a big issue that needs to be addressed, because if we are not able to tell who or what caused these driverless cars to crash, there could be many law suits of the driver sueing the manufacturer. or a victim from a crash sueing the driver or manufacturer. before driverless cars are avaliable to the public this issues needs to be addressd so it gives authority to knpw if the driver is to blame of the manufacturer. all in all driverless cars is something that this generation is capable of doing, however these cars are not hundred percent driverless yet. one hundred percent driverless cars will probably something that comes in the next generation not this one. manufactures such as tesla are projecting to have a driverless car by . however this car will be able to drive on autopilot for about  percent of the time not  percent. other car companies are planning on having these cars by . but before any driverless cars are put on public roads some issuess not to be addressed to keep driver safe, manufactures safe and the public safe.