the face on mars has caused a lot of controversy over the years, since it was discovered and caught on camera in . some people think that it was created by aliens and others think it is just a natural landform. i think that it is just a natural landform for many reasons. i believe that the face is a natural landform because in the th paragraph of the article unmasking the face on mars, jim garvin says, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain in idaho. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. the face on mars is actually very similar to many landforms in the american west. now, you might say that the face on mars was built by aliens. but, like i said before, it is similar to many landforms we have to the west of us here in indiana. did we, the people, build the grand canyon? no, no we did not. just because a landform looks a lot like a face, does not mean that it was built by the people living there. in case i have not yet convinced you, i have a statement and a question for you. the face was said to look like an egyptian so, how could the aliens know what the ancient egyptians look like if they were not there when the egyptians were prospering? the truth is, they could not know what they looked like because they were not there. if we were to go back to the  image and compare it to the  image, what would be the difference? if you were to look at the article to the left, you could tell that the image taken in  has better quality and you can see the face more clearly. looking back at the images sidebyside, it looks as if the  has shadows cast on it and the  image does not have the same shadows as the first image taken of the face. in the last picture taken of the face, it looks less like a face because of the big role the shadows play on the first image. overall, i think that there are more facts pointing towards the face on mars being a natural landform instead of an actual face. thanks to technology, we can infer that there might actually be a face on mars, but i highly doubt that it was actually a real face carved with alien hands. from what i see in the last image, it looks less like a face and more like a landform. what do you see?