cars can now drive themselves without a person. cars should not be able to do that. they are ment for people to drive them and have control of them. involving technology with cars is not safe. technology can and will fail. more accidents are prone to happen. people are getting to rolled up in the technology world and are loosing skills that could be useful. various employees will loose their job. technology is always failing in businesses. it is not trustwothry. why put your life in hands of technology? people have expierienced how technology sometimes crashes, freezes, and even recieves viruses. with technology involved vehicles could easily be broken in to or messed with. people now are seeing that technology is taking over and are getting more smart at it. smart enough to be able to hack and send viruses. its fairly easy and possible to break in to cars now, but now imagine how easy it could be just controlling with a computer. also the number of accidents will go up. one can easily forget how to control technology or not know. with smart, cars if you forget you will not be able to stop the car which will cause a accident. regular cars are controlled by people so one can easily and phyisically stop the car. of coarse cars can always fail and with smart cars the car can stop but what if the technology crashes or fails. honestly more technolgy is always crashing within peoples daily life than breaks. also as paragrpah  states, the need of smarter roads will be needed for a car to be fully smart. this whole smart car invloved with technology thing is very expensive. money will be lost and to untrustworthy items. people should no let their life earnings go to waste on something that can basically be a path to death. the technolgy already involved with cars is enough. the sensors that help people from hitting surrounding items with their car is really a big help. as paragrpah  states some technology like sensors are nothing new. but improvement on sensors to where the vehicle does all the work and people just sit there does not sound right. this technolgy can help elderly and handicapped people but once again the would need to know how to use this new technolgy. getting a computer or any other technology device can take long or usually it is not possible. getting a car fixed also takes time but, there is always a way that doesn not involve buying a new vehicle. technolgy doesnt last much time before it gets damaged or a new version comes along. cars are made to last long and again be able to get fixed up easily. with a smart cars, people will have to learn new things wit how to fix and work these cars. which will take time since fixing a car and working a computer is a different thing. in conlcusion, technology is taking the world over but technolgy is not worth the lives of people. it fails and crashes which will make the number of accidents rise. people need to see that although there is problems alreday with regular cars people have more probelms with computers and phone on a daily basis.