resons that you should be apart of this woud be to many. the good part about this is that you get to help and that this is a once and a lifetime opporunity. the good resons that you need to sign up for this is that you can spend time with your friends and play sports while the animals are gone. i think that they should come because this is a once and a lifetime oppourtunity. the reson that they shoud come is simple they should come because the sights that the town people will miss is astounding. another reson is they should come because the feel of the free ness you can have when you do this is magnifisant. the reson you should come is that you get to hang out with your friends like in paragraph  luke said the cowboys played baseball and volly ball in the empty holds where animals had been housed. the most exiting reson that you should come is the sights that you will see like in paragraph  when luck says  i had the side benifit of seeing europe and china. this would be a great opportunity for a town boy like me he says. the time you spend on the boat will be awsome and the people you will meet and the places you will go will be spectacular. another reson would be that you get to help peopel and care for them after this awfull thing that has happned to them. the reson that you should sign up is that you can help them get the things that they need and to travle the world france,greece,china and europe. the best reson of all that you should go on this journy is that you can get the oppourtunity to be apart of something to help the greater. the resons that were listed were great ones that you should sign up and be apart of something good. to help these people would be a great thing to do and for yourself. to see all these sights would be over welming and breathtaking. the thrill of going to new places would be amazing and hanging out with your friends would be awsoe to. you can see the world and go places that you would never seen if you did not sign up for this. the best part is that you get to make trips as luck says by the time he was discarged in  he had already made  trips, the ost of any seagoing cowboy that would be good because each shipment would be less than a month.