venus is often referred as the earths twin, mainly because of its similar density and size. its close distance to the earth makes an easy planet to explore. however, it presents a challenge because of the conditions. the author shows the study of venus is a worthy pursuit because of its similarities with the earth. astronomers believe venus might have been covered with oceans and contained various forms of life. it has other features that resemble those of the earth, including a surface or rocky sediments and formations like valleys, mountains, and craters. its proximity to earth makes it the nearest option for a planetary visit. the author also gives examples of ways venus can be explored even with the dangers it brings. the nasa is working on solutions that will allow humans to visit the planet. a vehicle that hovers over the planet will avoid grounds conditions. temperatres would still be high at  degrees fahrenheit, the air pressure would be similar to that of sea leve. there would be plenty of solar power and radiation does not surpass earth levels. these are hard conditions that are still survivable for humans. however, using a spacecraft as such does not allow for photographs, videos, or rock and land samples because of the distance. consequently, researchers are working on innovations that will enable machines to last longer. the nasa, on its side, is working on simplified electronics made of silico carbide that are tested in a chamber that simulates venuss harsh conditions, and have lasted three weeks. another project uses the old technology of mechanical computers, which played and imprtant role during world war ii. unlike modern computers, that are quick but delicate, these do not require electronics at all. instead, they are made of mechanical parts that can be made to endure pressure, heat, and other forces. though a dangerous task, the exploration of venus is worth the risk. the author thinks the challenge has value, because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. his examples of similarities with the earth and inventions made by researchers show that the mission should be conducted, because now there are solutons to the problems the conditios of venus causes.