cars have undergone many changes since they were first established. since then what is reffered to by smog has severly incresed. smog is also what is called greenhouse gas emissions. over the years many countries have undergone ways to prevent car usage in effect to gradually reduce smog in vauban germany, many people dont use cars due to the fact that street parking, driveways, and even home garages are tipiclly forbidden. some benifits are, less stress, ruduced greenhouse gas emissions, closer shopping areas and stores in walking distance. in paris, peoples driving rights on mondays as well as tuesdays are being revoked by the number on the license plate. all this in effort to reduce smog. failing to abide the rules of revoked driving led to a fine which many people recieved, then giving up cars. in bogota columbia, theres a program meant to reduce the smog as well. this being called day without cars. violations to follow the day without cars also resulted to a fine. in the united states of america people have seemed to loose interest in cars and license at that matter. the peak of miles driven was in the year of , decreasing after that, our percentage rate was  percent below the peak of  and equal to the time period of january . the decrease has been assumed to be because of the recession. since the amount of miles has decresed, and because the recession people have not been as interested with driving beause how much gasoline has costed. with amount of miles drivien in america decresed, in columbia, the a amount of bicycle paths had increased to  miles. cars are on of the biggest greenhouse gas emission producers, in france, diesel fuel was blamed because it was a favored from a tax policy. paris tipically has the most smog due to the increased use of diesel fuel. paris amount of smog was  micrograms of particulate matter compared to a low of . micrograms of particulate matter in london. usages of cars are going down all over the world. therefore reducing the amount of smog greatly. the way many countries have new and improved ways to reduce the amount of smog is incredible. cars are now being used less, biking, hiking, walking, and bussing is now easier to do with what is happened. car companies have come to advertising cars they wouldnt usually advertise, becuase they are not selling as many cars and they are trying to appeal to everyone. it has been said with driving less it relieves stress, and has been scientifically proven to ruduce the amount of smog. many people are interested and cars and getting their license, but it just has not been a priority. there are many advantages to limiting car usage.