cars produce the second highest amount of greenhouse gas in the united states, being  of the gas production in some carintensive areas. this wreaks havoc on our atmosphere, irreversibly damaging it. however, in recent years, car usage and in turn the amount of gases produced by them has gone down. many places are beginning to follow the trend smart planning carpooling, taking public transport, or even just biking and walking instead of taking your own car to work every day. this trend is incredibly advantageous, as it reduces gas emissions and benefits our health. first is the reduction of greenhouse gases produced by cars. carintensive areas have a much higher amount of particulate matter pm per cubic meter than areas which are starting to use smart planning. for example, paris has an average of  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter, while london, which has started to use smart planning, has an average of . micrograms of pm per cubic meter nearly half that of paris. this reduction in gases shown by the trend is good for our atmosphere, and good for us. preventing us from choking on the smog produced by our vehicles is not the only health benefit that smart planning is providing. instead of sitting cramped in a car with the only movement being pushing a pedal, people are out walking and biking and getting fresh air. this is not only a physical benefit but also a mental one, as many people have reported that they feel less stressed without the use of cars, such as heidrun walter, a citizen of carfree vauban, germany. walter states, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. the obvious beneficial properties of smart planning have begun to make it very popular, as vauban is not the only place choosing to use less motor vehicles. paris now hands out a fine to every motorist with an evennumbered license plate on one day, and any vehicle with an oddnumbered plate the next. bogota, colombia has an annual holiday where anyone using a personal motor vehicle will be fined . despite rain, millions of colombians hiked, biked, and skated their way to work this year. even the u.s. president barack obama is trying to curb the nations gas emissions. many people in america are already using less cars. with the public transportation system and a large number of people carpooling, the use of cars is steadily dropping. the number of miles driven per person peaked in , and has steadily dropped since. in , it had dropped nearly , the lowest it had been since . driving by young people decreased  between  and , and there has also been a large decrease in the number of americans ages  getting their licenses. in conclusion, smart planning is incredibly beneficial to the world, and to us. already emminently popular, it reduces the amount of greenhouse gases in the air by a significant amount, as well as causing some people to walk and bike, promoting excersize and reducing obesity. smart planning is an amazing benefit to us as people and as citizens of the earth, and it will only get more popular as time goes on.