since i turned fifteen all i could remember dreaming of was my sixteenth birthday and getting a license, like most normal teenage girls. i just couldnt hold back on the feeling i got just thinking about a car and that freedom i would finally have as a licensed driver. thats when my mom decided how important it was to take care of the planet, and how i should dedicate my time to making this planet all the more greener. ive always been interested in the environment so i though about all the ways i could stay green...with a car that is. what most people dont understand however is the amount of pollution we have in our planet today and how we can do few simple things to avoid it, thats right girls, stop worrying so much about the car and focus more on how you could limit car usage and the advantages of doing so such as avoiding more polution, walking which can actually help you health wise and maybe even saving money on gas a little green for green. the amount of polution we have here in dear mother earth is just astonishing. take paris for example which happens to have more smog than any other european capital. this kind of polution isnt only bad for the environment however, it also affects us as individuals, polution can not only intoxicate our planet but us as well. rather than spending a life time figuring out solutions and filling our bodies up with medication we should just be avoiding the problem once and for all, kill it at its source. avoid using so much car travel that at the end of the day, a bus can take you to the same place and best of all, it comes guilt free. adding to the whole idea of a healthy lifestyle and environment, try walking, which by the way also prevents car usage and so kills two birds with one stone. if you drop the keys and pick up a pair of running shoes your helping to save the envoironment and at the same time guaranteeing a longer life for yourself. take bogota, colombia for instance and its brilliant idea of carfree day. yes, its exactly as it sounds a whole day dedicated to reducing car usage, and although they still allow buses and taxis on the streets, regualr every day use cars are  banned. whats the point of this you may ask? well, it all must begin somewhere, one action creates a chain reaction. one of an average persons problems here in america involve financial issues, especially now with the economy we have, gas prices arent the same. how can you avoid a situation like this that may even help you cut down on your daily budget? how about taking other methods of transportation for a change? this way you save extra money for other necessities and at the same time, help clean out our environment by changing up your daily car trips here and there. although it may not seem like much, a little bit of something can make a huge difference. all in all, i believe it is important for everyone to undestand how essential it is that we put some thought into our world, especially those eager to drive. just take a minute out of your eveyday busy schedules and find ways to reduce reuse and recycle to make our world even better for our future generations.