in this article the author is explaining why venus is a worthly persuit and for the most part does not great. in the first paragraph the athour doesnt include a claim of why venus is a worthly prusit despite the dangers it has . but instead gives information on venus, so that the reader has a good idea of venus and to understand the dangers of venus. like  venus is the second planet from the sunparagraph . also he the author does the same thing in paragraph .often referred to as earths twin twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and sizeparagraph . and continues to do the same in paragraph  by just giving more information on venus and why is is dangerous. its not untell paragraph  that the author gives a claim on why venus is a worthly pursuit despite the dangers wich is .  astronomers are fascinated by venus becuase it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system paragraph  and this is not a strong claim becuase this claim is not strongly supportingthe authors idea that studying venus is worth it. but incudes evidence fro paragraph  about how earth and venus are referred to as twin . but in paragraph  the ator says venus has value , not only becuse of the insight to be gained on the planet itself , but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavorsparagraph. thius feels like a stronger claim that could help explain why venus is worth studying. in the rest of that paragraphs the author does the same thing as in the first few paragraphs witch is just layin down more information on venus. at thrityplus miles above the surface, temperature would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but air prussure would be close to sea level on earth. paraghraph  and this just helps the reader unstand why it would be hard to go to venus. venus is worth studying becuse curiosity will likely lead us into doing so and we will gain great insight on the planet aslo possible find something new ,and our travelsexplorations should not be limited by the dangers venus aposes.