how can facial scanning computers tell peoples true feelings? sure, computers can read our face and tell us the expression given, but they cannot tell how you are truly feeling unless we tell them ourselves. facial expressions on peoples faces defintely tell us how they look and might feel but not all smiles can be true just by scanning someone, expecially with computers. technology can tell a person their expression but not their mood of the day or that current second you have a device scanning you. technology results always malfunction or crash or never come out correct. however, today people are deciding that technology has improved with that even though it has not. in the article, making mona lisa smile, it sates in the first paragraph, she  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. no thats not your science teacher, grading your latest lab assingment. its the subject of leonardo da vincis renaissance painting, mona lisa at least according to some new software that can recongnize emotions. in this quote, it clearly states that its just some new type of software that thinks it can scan emotions. yes it says emotions but cannot scan the deeper meaning inside humans. nobody can tell how youre feeling except yoursef. in the article, it also states, in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation everyday. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face.this quote states that people make suggestions on peoples feeling but their observations, not the person telling them. people shoud not be putting all the say in technology or observation because you never now whether you could be wrong or right. having this device in the world is a  winlose situation. many people do believe that these devices can help people out with telling their emotions but not the true mood. also stated in the article, using video imagery, the new emotion recognition software tracks these facials movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. along with saying that computers can detect fake smiles and real smiles, this is correct which also explains they can never know the true meaning. lastley stated in the article, it says th the real simle, the zygomatic major lift the corners if your mouth while in a false smile, the mouth is streched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle. this shows that technology can only detect the real or fake smile of someone along with a true expression for someone from observation. in conclusion, everyone cannot lie on technology for everything because you never know when the computer is making a fase observation,because people make mistakes everyday along with computers. and if we simply cannot trust them with that, then how can we know we can believe their results about facials and not the true mood.