dear state senator, i think the electoral college should stay because like most well educated americans the people of the electoral college know who they want to lead this country. most americans complain about how there vote doesnt matter but it really does. your vote is whats making the electors decied on who should lead america. the electoral college is a group of well educated people that understand congress better than the average american citizen. in order to choose the right leader we need to have the highly qualified people for the job. most americans dont know what toppings to put on their pizzas, now imagine what kind of trouble they would have choosing someone to run our country. when you vote you dont vote for the president or the secrotary of state or the governor, you vote for a slate of electors that then choose who to elect as the leader of the country, state, or city. the electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, a nondemocratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the canidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner. but each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee and the trust is rarely betrayed. there are  reasons for retaining the electoral college. certainty of outcome a dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote is possible but it is less likely than a dispute over th popular vote. . everyones president the electoral college requires a presidential canidate to have transregional appeal. no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. so a regional favorite, such as mitt romney was in the south, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states that he knows hes more favorited to win in. this is a desirable result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to become a succesful president. . swing states the winnertakeall method of awarding electoral votes induces the canidates to focus their campaign efforts on the tossup states. voters in tossup states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign knowing that theyre going to decide the election. they are likely to be the most thoughtful voters and the most thoughtful voters are the ones that are going to be deciding the election. . big states a large state usually gets more attention from presidential candidates then the smaller states . avoid runoff elections there is pressure for runoff elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election procces, is reduced by the electoral college, which invariably produces a clear winner. a good precentage of americans want the electoral college to be gone but i think that the electoral college should keep doing what it is doing because they know how to choose the right candidate and they have a great  step procces to choose who should lead the united states.