cars are one of the most popular modes of tansportation. they are used widely across the united states and the world. technology has grown to an unbelievable hieght. with this, comes the driverless cars. driverless cars are extremely useful and are the cars of the future. driverless cars can be used for many things. the text states, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus. google cofounder sergey brincan explains that driverless cars can be used for so much more than individual vehicles. they can be used for big populations and could carry a lot of people. these cars can alert drivers of dangers on the road and steer them in the correct way. the passage reads, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. this suggests that although there may not be an advanced technology allowing complete driverless cars, these vehicles can stop the car and warn the driver that danger is ahead. google has developed their own type of driverless car. the text states, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . the technology for driverless cars is not as new as some people might think. this idea has been around for more than six years. the text also states, their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. this illustrates that the smarter cars are also safe. driverless cars sound neat, however it may not be reachable. the text states, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless. this suggests that the technology for this thought may not be completely whole. the text also states, this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. if a driver has to take control of the car, than it is not a driverless car. new technology is being developed everyday. although a driver may need to take over during an emergency situation, these vehicles have the capability of driving by themsleves. there are many advantages to having these specific smart cars. they can help peoples everyday life and make transportation easy. driverless cars are truly the vehicles of the future.