hi my name is luke i am a seagoing cowboy, i thought in my head. no, how are you today? i thought again, how are you today, my name is luke, i am a seagoing coybow! yes! i said outloud. i am trying to convince people to join the seagoing coybows program. it is a program about helping others in europe and give them what they need. i went up to a boy who looked to be about . i told him,how are you? he said,im doing horrible, i just lost my job at the bar. i said,i am very sorry to hear that, but i have something to offer you, by the way how old are you? he said, i am  years old, but what is this offer you are giving me? i said, ok thats good, i am a seagoing coybow, we are looking for people that want to help others in europe by giving them what they need. he said, no way, ive been trying to join the program but i missed the singups, im in, also my name is gavin! i said, glad to hear! i also said, do you have any friends or family that want to join the program? he said, i dont know, hmm, maybe my friend ben? i said, great, do you think you can go on my ride and go to his house if he is home? he said, yes, he is home right now! i said,how old is he? he said, he is  years old, met him at my job, we were both fighting over something, but we became friends! we both rode in my wagon. we made it to his house. i knocked on the door three times no answer. then when gavin knocked on the door in a wierd sort of pattern we could hear footsteps. ben came down he looked big and strong. i asked him,hey ben, i have met your friend gavin today, he is going to be joining the seagoing coybows program, are you interested in joining? he said, no sounds dumb. i said, how is it dumb to help people in need? he said, i dont wanna help just like i said the first time and i dont care! bens mom came downstairs. she yelled, who is it and what do you want with me and my son! i said, we are just seeing if he is interested in joining a program! she ran downstairs and now we saw her. she was tall and had blue eyes with blonde hair. she said, what type of program? i said, the seagoing coybows program, i have made  trips across the oceans, the most any seagoing coybow has, i was recruited in it in  and it is an amzing job, i have been on many amazing adventures and got to visit cool places, you also help people in need! she said the same thing that ben said. she said, there is no point in doing it! i said, how is it bad to help people in need? she said, why should i care? ben said, i know right? i said, what if you were that person in need and needed food,supplies, and transportation? wouldnt you want help? she said, i guess your right, son you should sing up seems like a great offer to travel places and help people. ben said, thats dumb, i dont care about them, i care about me, look i need a haircut and you want me to help people instead that i dont care about at all? i said,i will pay for your haircut and it is an amazing offer just like your mom said! he said, what would you do in the boats? i said, you would feed and water the animals, but there is also fun things to do like play volleyball,ping pong,fencing,boxing,and reading! he said, sounds good i guess i will join! i said, ok great! we all left the small town and got on the boats. it was going to be a great adventure!