driverless cars can be a bad thing and a good thing for the world. driverless cars would be a bad idea when it comes to the saftey of people. driverless cars could also be a good thing for the econmy and earth. driverless cars would not be such a good idea just because you dont really know if the technology is actually gonna work and be safe for people. most technology if not all technology have probles sometimes. just think of a car driving its self down the road and all of the sudden something goes wrong with the car and the car causes and accident where a few poeple got hurt or die. if something like this happens whos fault is it? the person in the vehicle or the people who desighned the vehicle? weve been creating computer driven cars that also have a feature that the driver in the vehivle can take over and control the vehivle at any time. apple reciently is making a car that drives its self but can also be driven by a person controling the vehicle. in my opinion thats ten times safer than a car that drives on it own. most newer cars these days have features like antilock breaking systems or sencors that make a vehicle back into an area or parking spot on its own. ford reacenlty came out with a truck that back itself up to hook onto a traler insted of the driver having to do it. during this period of the truck hooking to a traler by its self the driver has an option to use that feature or do it manualy. in this passage it talks about bmw having a car with a feature called traffic jam assistance witch is that the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, and it also has special touch sencors to make sure the driver keeps ahold of the steering wheele and is alert during this time. as of right now i dont belive we have and cars that copletely drive them selfs, but alot of newer cars these days have features that can help assist you in stituations when needed. some cars stop on there own if your getting to close to another vehicle and the driver is not paying attention. those are the type of vehivles we need. we dont need cars that can drive themselfs that coud have something go wrong with the car and cause a reck or endager lifes. even in some states it is illegal to test computer driven cars. i wonder why? its probably becase they might not be sucha good idea. now there are positives to drivelss cars. people would save money by not having to buy or use there cars when they have cars that can drive them around. the driveless cars would be good on gas so money would be saved on gas. also not using much gas is good for our enviorment because it would be less polution to the earth if everyone started switching to using driveless cars. i think there are more negatives in this situation then positives. to sum all of this up im not sure if drivless cars are sucha good idea or ever will be a good idea untill later in the future after the technology has been tested for many of years and advanced to the fullest to where it has the capability of hadling a driveless car.