venus venus is actually a planet, venus sometims called the evening star in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely.  the umas stuydin the planet venus for more than the  decades numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging plante for humans to study, despite its proximity to us but the planet venus is a small and dangerous planet in the system solar because venus has a atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions imposivilite the life in this planet and are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present adittional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning stikes to probes seeking to land on its surface.  also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system even thought mercury is closer to oue sun. if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? at thirthyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be cole to that of sea level on earth.  the scientist has the idea in the future visit the venus and come humans and stay living in the planet venus but how? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have benn the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth the value of returning to venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive? nasa has one particularly comeplling idea for sending humas to study venus. nasas posiible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray... the humas can stay in venus? the solar power would be plentiful , and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humas striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight t be gained on the planet itself, but also because hman curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyound should not be limit by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovations.