the future is coming, whether one likes it or not. an extreme way the future is coming at us full speed ahead is driverless cars. some people think it would be revolutionary in the best of ways, and open the doors to many other oppurtunities. others disagree and say it is impractical and dangerous to the lives of everyday pedestrians. driverless cars have been tested many times. if a company is able to successfully manufacture such a car, there is always one setback it is too expensive to be practical. this is the case with engineers at berkeley. they created a car using magnets of opposing polarity however, these cars recquired the update of already existing roads, which is entirely too expensive and would take years. driverless cars are simply too expensive to be a common machine in everyday life. the thought of driverless cars has obviously been seriously considered many times however, it all comes down to the final outcome. if, hypothetically, the cars were successfully manufactured and the roads were somehow adjusted to fit the needs of such cars and were financially within the budget, the idea of driverless cars is still extremely dangerous. the safety of surrounding drivers and pedestrians is put at risk. no car can be completely diverless. this is because if there is a blind pedestrian walking across the street or construction going on, the car will still need driving assistance. without it, a completely driverless car could vry well cause even more accidents than there are already. if the lives of innocent civilians are at stake, is a car that drives itself really worth it? continuously, if perhaps an automatic car were to hit someone and severely injur or potentially kill someone, the blame could be put onto the owner of the car. no matter how hard the owner tries to tell the court of his driverless cars accident, the person is still to blame. this could have never happened if the driver was actually driving the vehicle. this could cause many problems in the future. all in all, the use of driverless cars should never be allowed in everyday life. not only is it subtantially too expensive to be practical, but also dangerous and could lead to unfair and unnecassary lawsuits. the factors and outcomes are not worth the ability to not have to drive.