in the article driverless cars are coming the author makes valid points on the positive and negative of having a driverless car. i belive both sides of the aspect of this problem. but i dont see why there is a problem with a driverless car. this is why i belive there should be driverless cars. the thought of a driveless car sounds like a horrible this because the car could malfunction and crash. though this may be true  google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . google is a company that is know to have great software and have great advancement in technology. not only have they been doing this for now seven years but  their cars have driven more tha half a million miles without a crash. in seven years the driverless car google has hasnt crashed yet. not only is google working on there own car they have worked with the company toyota to help modify the new toyota prius. google ... uses postitionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. with all of this extra advanced equipment in and on the car this will make driving on hundread percent easier. even though the driver wont have there hands on the wheel at all times the car is not completly driverless.  they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and br ready to take over when the situation requires. so people who dont agree with this should know that the driver still can drive the car and needs to be alert at all times has if they were driving a mannual car. so in the case that there is a problem in the road ahead or something is in way and the car cant do anything on its own  gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehichle is in danger of backing into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. so there are saftey percations if the driver is not paying attention to the road to get there attention. people who are making these cars ar very smart because the  manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. many people say love is a two way street and i would say the same thing for this situation. the road needs the attention of the driver and the car so the car has to make sure its watching the driver and the driver has to watching the car. in the end driveless cars well have more tah enough security to protect the people in the car and the people outside the car to protect hteh has well. has they say  its better have something and not need than need it and not have it. that is why there are alot of cameras and that google has taken seven years to study this and devoplope this because they want the bst use of this.