as class begins, it becomes hopeful that the teacher will give an actual interesting lesson. that all goes to waste, when the lesson becomes boring. in the end, no knowledge is gained from it. the question then comes into place, by the look of the students faces, does a teacher notice when their students are bored and confused? a new technology has been developed called the facial action coding system. this software can discipher peoples true emotion according to the look on their face. this process is done by analyzing all  major muscles that can determine emotion. the facial action coding system should be installed in all classrooms because students will gain a better understanding of any lesson and teachers will be able to improve their way of teaching. facial action coding system can be very useful in the classroom. according to the article, a classroom computer could recgonize when a student is becoming confused or bored...it could modify the lesson. when it comes down to a students education, modifying a lesson is a way for the student to able to understand it better. as if they were confused or bored, they would not be getting any knowledge from it. a software that detects confusion or boredom from a student is key to letting a student have a better understanding of any lesson when modified. therefore, it would also improve grades and comprehension. not only will students benefit from facial action coding system, but as well for the instructor, or teacher. sometimes, a teacher could get carried away with a lesson. meaning, that the teacher wont notice the faces of their students letting them know if each of them are understanding. according to the article,by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. a student doesnt have to be just confused or bored, but its impossible they might have mixed feelings about a specific lesson. once a teacher has recieved this information, it becomes more clear to which student understands and which does not. this will provide insight on which student needs more help to get a better understanding. also not only will it tell how students are feeling during a lesson, but the teacher could reflect on their teaching skills. students who show boredom, teachers could figure out how to make the lesson more interactive. due to this, it will improve their methods of teaching too. in conclusion, the facial action coding system should be used in classrooms all over the globe because it could benefit both the students and teachers. this software could modify lessons when it detects confusion or boredom in a student. therefore, the student would get a better comprehension and possibly better grades. as for the teacher, the students emotions could reflect back on how they are teaching a lesson. as a result, their teaching skills could become improved and create a more interactive and involved classroom. the facial action coding system is a software that could change and affect all education positively.