the limitation of car use provides many improvements to our envionment and health. many different places have now started to get into the habit of preferring to use bicycles, carpools, or even walking. limiting car use could lead to less polution, more activity, and even safety. if we were to limit the use of cars, we could save many lives, including our own. while limiting the usage of cars many doors could open that leads many different places. limiting cars could possibly terminate childhood and adulthood obesity. it could also provide happiness and joy, and even willing exercise. cars both hinder, and help us, it gets the people where they need to go, but it ruins the environment and makes many people lathargic. with the limitation of cars comes the major improvement on polution. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe.... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states , rosenthal. passenger cars are responsible for  precent of the greenhouse emissions found in europe, and where most cars are used the greenhouse gass emissions are up to  percent. the amount of gas that is polluting the air is asoultly hazardous to the health of many people. ...the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world , duffer. paris eventually needed to ban driving due to the smog that was being produced from the cars. as stated in the ariticle, ...it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind power plants , rosenthal. if we were to limit the car usage, many smog and greehouse gases would not be as much of an issue as it is now. if we were to limit the usage of cars and prefer to carpool, alot of gas, money, and lives. with the limiting of car usage comes the possibility of living a longer, healthier life without pollution tearing a hole in the ozone layer. limiting the use of cars can also produce more activity among the people and hapiness. limiting the use of cars forces many people to start walking, using trains, running, and even bicycling. as states in the article, new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do a proliferation of carsharing programs across the nations , rosenthal. many places are now starting to realize that the people are slowly loosing interest in cars and now perfer to walk, run, or even take public transportation. as stated in the articaly, ..millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work leaving a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams.... its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution , selsky. it has seen the construction of bicycle paths, the most of any latin american cirt....parks and sports centers also have bloomes throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new resturants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up , selsky. many citizens are starting to prefer to walk rather than drive. the perople are slowly moving away from motor vehicles and are starting to go outside and to exercise. as mentioned in the article, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, , rosenthal this choice is making alot most people happy and satified. many people no longer need to fret about gas money or traffic, or even about arriving on time. having no car is a stressreliever that saves you time, stress, and keeps you from pulling at your hair. exercising is also a much easier way to be able to blow off steam and reduce stress. another positive of limiting car use is the safety that is provided. many americans are now choosing to not recieve a license. the people are slowly moving away from the driving of cars and are now preferring to use public transportation, or even walking. people are now slowly starting to center their lives around where it could be easy to transport. their place of work could now be centered around where public transport is able to drop them off, a walking distance, or even on the normal route that a friend, whom you could be able to catch a ride, wouldnt mind dropping you off at. as stated in the article, they organize their summer jobs and soical life around where they can walk or take public transportation or carpool with friends , rosenthal. another reason why many people do not drive, is due to the fact that many families and people cannot afford a vehicle, or they choose to not purchase one. as stated in the artice, what most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years before the downturn , rosenthal. with less amount of people on the road, this lowers the possible chances of someone being in an accident. the possibility of poeple being in car accident have been lowered, because a majority of the people are refusing to drive. as mentioned in an artice, when adjusted to the population growth, th enumber of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis by doug short...the number of miles driven perperson was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january  , rosenthal. if the people were to drive less this would mean less accidents and less pollution which could lead to lenghtier lives and to healthier lives. in conclusion, with the limitation on the use of automobiles comes the many possibilities that could possibly save lives and reshape them into something much more healthier. while reducing the usage of automobiles comes exercise and the relief os stress. maybe childhood or adulthood obesity would not be as large of an issue if were reduced car usage. many people could then be healthier and more involeved in their communities. with the limitation of car usage comes the unlimited possibilities.