a car is a form of everyday transportation in some peoples lives. its not nessisarily a bad thing, but its not exactly a good thing either. many areas in countries all over the world have begun to cut back on car use or ban it all together. some countries have certain conditions that warrants car use dangerous. there are many reasons and advantages to living life without a car that can be easily explained in this paper. in a small german suburb called vauban, the people have given up a vital piece of modern day life, their cars. things most people see everyday such as parking lots, garages, and driveways, have been removed from the community. of course it is not illegal to have a car in this suburb, it is just more expensive because they have to buy an allotted space to put their car in. most of the families in this suburb have commented that they are in a happier state of mind without the stress of owning a vehicle. along with being a source of emotional release, not owning a car means that these people are not contributing to the emissions of greenhouse gas. cars are quoted to be responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe. vauban is the result of years of effort trying to make cities more walking and bicycling friendly. communities like this are fast growing in places like the united states and largly promoted by companies and even the enviornmental protection agency. places like paris on the other hand have completly different reasons for going carfree. paris has a quoted nearrecord pollution. the contries climate causes car pollution to be trapped leaving a dense smog throughout the city. they have gone so far as to place restirctions on driving, one day vehicles with certain plate numbers must not be driven, and the next day vehicles with opposite plate numbers must not be driven, if they defy this restirction then they are fined. the cause of the smog was blamed on frances fuel choices. pariss problems are just another reason to be carfree. in bogota columbia they ban the use of any vehicles, other than buses and taxis, for one day every year, it is called the day without cars. it has been quoted as a good stress reliever, and a good way to lower air polution. the day without cars has been part of an improvement campaign since the mids. bogata has truly commited to supporting a carfree enviornment with the construction of bicycle paths, parks, sports centers, and even the replacement of damaged sidewalks. even people such as president obama are advertising for the cut back on the use of cars and greenhouse gas emissions. and even if they dont realize americans themselves have already begun to use cars less. there has been a decline in american car sales and the number of people going to get licenses has declined as well. america has long been the ultimate advertiser for cars. some of the most prominent car brands today call the u.s. their home. now it is quoted that the lack of car sales can be blamed on americas declining financial situation and that the unemployment factor means their is no use for cars. overall though, this decline in car use has lead people to find alternate modes of transportation that, even after financial and employment issues are resolved, they might continue to use. combining all these different situations together, as well as shifts in culture leads to one simple thing. nowadays personal car ownership just isnt something that people are too serious about. and when you add to that the fact that so many companies and influential parties are advertising the carfree way of life, cars are simply no longer desirable to some people.