the study of the evening star, or venus, is a worthy pursuit for scientists and astrologists. three main reasons that one could back up this claim is venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported varius forms of life, and the thought of being able to float over venus to study it. venus wasis the closest in density and size to earth. following up on that claim, earth and venus are about the same, disregarding the fact that venus has a surface temperature of  degrees and a carbon dioxide level of . astrologists and nasa believed it was a good idea to try and study mars, even though it was closer to the sun than venus. this caused for a huge breakthrough in science and finding water on the planet. so why shouldnt nasa try to study venus, of course it will be hard but it will be worth it in the long run. venus was once covered largely in oceans and could probably support various lifeforms in the past. earth now supports various lifeforms and is largely covered in oceans. the study of venus can lead to the discovery of new animals, or even humanlike creatures like us. another reason why it would be a good idea to study the planet venus is to find out why there is no longer oceans and what happened to the planet to either wipe out the ecosystem or the lifeforms. venus is still considered to have a surface of rocky sediment, mountains, valleys and craters, just like earth. our sister planet is like a twin and with the right equipment nasa and astrologists could figure out a way to study and one day even land on venus, as they did to mars. following up on the last claim, nasa believes that witht the right equipment, in the near future they could send humans in a spacecraft to about  miles over the surface of venus. tempuratures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar powers would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this quote alone proves that it is a survivable voyage for astronauts to go to venus and sit in the atmosphere to study it. in conclusion, the author makes it clear that the pursuit to study venus is a worthy voyage. the author says, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidation endeavors. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported varius forms of life, and the thought of being able to float over venus to study it are the three main reasons that this is a worth pursuit and could be a great experiment discovery for the human race and nasa.