why should we study the venus as a worthy pursuit? going to venus we will discover a lot of new things that we didnt know about. when going to venus you can give away the curiositys that people may have on the planet. but going to venus could be a risk factor or it can be something that we discover and put it on earth. in the passage the author states that traviling to veuins is going to be a challenge but is still wanting to make a pursuit to go. in paragraph five the author states that nasa has one particularly compeling idea for sending humans to study venus. the author states nasa to show that a very big company wants to know what is up in venus, so it should be studieded. in paragraph eight the author states that striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has valued, not only because of the insights to be gained on the planet itself. this shows that the author says taking a challnge is a good thing when you want to find something out, so take challenges. in paragrqph four the author says if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientist even disscusing further visits to its surface. the author uses this to ask a question to have you thinking to show that even scientist are curious about the planet venus and the readers should be to. in paragraph one the author explains what other people think about they say that venus is a evening star so the author is saying that there are miths about venus, so the author trys to explain that traviling to venus will take away the curiositys so, it might be a new way to discover new things to bring back to earth to share with the world because it can advance things. the author uses alot of questions to show what he is refering to with traviling to venus and making the reader aprove with his oppinion. in paragraph seven he states that some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simbulating the chaos of venus surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this shows that nasa was conducting experiments where a computer can take such bad climate. the author uses alot of questions to show that what they are talking about is true and they even had evidence to support there idea. they even used other researchers oppinons like nasa and other scientist to show that they are also on the authors side so should venus be traviled?.