technology is evolving at an exceptional rate. we are now creating a driverless car. i think that driverless cars would be great. the car will not be fully driverless but for the most part it will. it needs your hands on the wheel at all times just incase the car cant handle the situation. the car has sensors all around it. it has it on the top of the car, the sides, and the back. this car will create driving to be safer. the car has sensors all around the car. it has a positionestimating sensor on the left rear wheel, a roating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. all these sensor mimic the skill of a human but better. these sensors have a far better response and control that a human driver could manage alone. making driving safer and allowing the car to handle more and more driving taks on their own. for example the antilock brake system. the sensors in the brakes detects and responds to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better respones and control than a human. another reason why driverless cars are great it because it still keeps your attention on the road. what i mean is that even though its driving on their own it still makes sure you have your eyes on the road. the car lets your know if the driver has to take over. for example, if the cars happens to run into a road block or work zones it vibrates the seat to get the drivers attention or it announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. so instead of dozing off and not paying attention the car has a special touch feature that makes sure you have your hands on the wheel at all time. so driverless cars are the next big thing. it brings safety and responses faster that a human driver can handle. it has many sensors to detect problems on the road and it has special features that makes sure your eyes is on the road. these options all the car to handle more things and more driving tasks on its own.