as a people we are constantly doing great things. driverless cars are another one of our great step forward for our people. some people however see it as a great step back and see it as to risky for people to use on a regular bases. this is correct because there are to many risk factors than benifits. this is why driverless cars are a huge risk factor in the safety of people. first, driveless cars are a huge risk factor for the people because it eliminates the learning curve for driving. when you first learn how to drive you have to first take classes about cars and how they function. with driverless cars, it eliminates this learning because the car drives itself. the artical tells of how the driver can take over in complex driving scenarios but how would the person know what to do if they never had any real experience in a car. they would just expect the car to do it because it is called a driverless car. the whole point is that the car can drive itself. the artical states in paragraph  this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. so what would be the point of having a driverless if you still have to pay attention to the road? you may as well be driving the ar yourself. have driverless cars is pointless and it gives us as a people another excuse to be lazy. it also is to big of a risk. in paragraph  the artical says if the technology fails and someone is ingured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this is a great point because if something does happen who do we blame? there shouldnt be driverless cars because of this because no one wants the blame if someone gets ingured or mortally wounded. these reasons show why driverless cars are more risk than a benifit to the people as a whole. to conclude, driverless cars shouldnt be manufactured and used commonly because there more of a risk. this is because it eliminates the learning curve of driving, it has no real use or utility, and if someone is to get ingured or even killed nobody would take the blame. driverless cars just give us another reason to be lazy and are pointless to the point that nobody should feel safe in them. this may seem like a huge step forward for man kind but in reality it hurts us more than you would think.