the facs facs got your attenshion right yeah the facs is a facial action coding system. the facs can tell the person how the the person feels just by looking at there face like and exmaple is the mona lisa they read irs face withe the facs. they said it was  happy  disgusted,  fearful and  angry. it is useful but i dont think it should be used in classrooms to read students.  reasons why i think thats teh facs shouldt be allowed in school are sometimes people dont want to talk about ther lifes in school and another reason is that it would go to kids personal lifes and the last reason is it may make kids feel weird knowing that others know how they feel and so will there parents . going back to the first reason that may sometimes people dont want to talk about ther lifes in school. sometimes people dont want to talk about ther lifes in school kids may think others kids will make of them for being sad or fearful. an exmaple of a kid being scared of what other will think of them for being scared or super kind are bullies. bullies most of time become the way they are is becaues they feel like others will hate them the way they are or hey have been juged becaues of there feelings. lets get into another reason that the facs would be a bad thing to have in schools is that it would go to kids personal lifes and most kids dont like talking about theyr home life. you may say it would take some presser off the kids if they feel bad or sad and we could talk to them. but some kids that dont want to talk about it and the kids that feel ok will feel like the sad kids get more attenshion so will want to be sad. like when i was younger i used to want attenchion so if kids find a key to get attenshion they will want to be sad. the last reason is it may make kids feel weird knowing that others know how they feel. also it may make the kids parents feel weird or angry becaues they probly dont want people basicly spying on there kids. if i were one of the kids dad i would want the school spying on my kid. if alots of parents feel that way and which schools the school with the facs will lose lots of money.  reasons why i think thats teh facs shouldt be allowed in school are sometimes people dont want to talk about ther lifes in school and another reason is that it would go to kids personal lifes and the last reason is it may make kids feel weird knowing that others know how they feel and so will there parents. that is why i dont want the facs in schools.