the studying of venus is a worthy pursuit dispite the dangers it presents. all misson before now has been umanned and good for no reason. with the landings not being able to stand longer a few hours. these reasons explain why earth hasnt been sending spaceships to visit venus. venuss thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide, clounds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid and over  degrees fahrenheit, and pressure  times greater than earth its self. these conditions are very extreme and unsuvivable for humans, but with recent soulution the author has supported the trip is worth a try. venus is the most earth like planet in the solar system, venus was proably once covered in rocky sediment and familiar features like valley, craters and moutains. this can be a very big step for science and lead to so many helpful studies. humans curiosty can lead to many equally intimidating endeavors. nasa has came up with a great idea and a possible soultion to float in a blimplike vehicle hovering about  miles above venus. from this spot the condition wont be easy, but humans can survive though it. insight is also limited and samples cannot be gathered, but seeking scientists would conduct these challenges working with innovatins that allows toolsmachiens to last long enough to contibute to meaningfully to better out knowledge of venus. some simplified electronics made of silicon caride have tested in venus simulators and have passed to be succesful for three weeks in venuss extreme conditions. also they have been with the thought of adding in devices making calculations by using gears and lever that require no eletricity. in conclusion, venus is the closet planet to earth in all of the sloar system. this means that this is a chance to gain greater and meaning full knowlege. this was an fail misson being of venuss extreme conditions and has been for  years. with new solutions human can get closer than ever to venus for many studies. the solution have new gadgets and devices to help out on these trip. this presenting and supporting the authors idea of venus being worthy of the pursuit of danger.