although venus is a very dangerous planet, the author in this article in the challenge of exploring venus, makes it well known that scientists are still up for the challenge of exploring this intimidating planet. for over  years now, scientists have been researching, studying, and observing the planet and all of its functions, in order to find a way to safely study it. because of its extreme weather conditons, it has been almost impossible to do that. attempts have been made, sedning unmanned spaceships to venus aound  years ago, but not one of them lasted more than a few hours, according to the article. the author says, venus is the closest planet to earth, in terms of density and size. he makes a point here by telling us that venus is pretty similar to earth. he goes on to describe its landforms as, valleys, mountains, and craters. as he descirbes it, it sounds a lot like earth. the auhtor believes that it is a worthy pursuit studying venus, despite its dangers, because, not only because of the human insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. here, he is explaining that us humans have a curiosity to explore, but also, we have a desire to learn more about the features of this mysterious planet, and see if it is one day habitable, in some form. farther along in the article, the author provides us with details about new research and trials that nasa is performing for venus exploration. he tells us about a new kind od electronic device that can withstand three weeks of venuss conditions. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted three weeks in such conditions. proceding that, he explains to us how a new mechanical computer, made of levers and gears, has been constructed and is expected to be able to be more resistant to venuss conditions. throughout this article, the author gives us readers many great details and insights on the exploration of venus. a great point he makes towards the end is, our travels on earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. by saying this, he gets his point across that it is a very worthy pursuit to continue exploring venus. we will gather new information as humans, and gather new information about venus.