i believe that the new technology which is called the facial action coding system is a good idea that will help value students in a classroom . the facial action coding system can help determine the way you feeling , reliezes that you might need help on a lesson that you are not comprehending very well , also it knows when something is bothering you . when on a computer the facial action coding system determines the way you feeling when the computer constructed d face model revolves around all fourty four major muscles in a human face . when you show emotion towards the computer and have a movement of one or more muscles it is called a action unit which helps the com puter bring all your emotions together and be able to seperte them into they percentages . for example your frontalis pars lateralis muscle  above your eyes raises your eyebrows which means your surprised . your orbicularis oris  around your mouth tightens your lips that shows your angry . there many muscles in a human face that has a variety of different ways to show their emotions . the new technology can also relieze when something is bothering you . for example when your friend ask  whats wrong ?  and you say nothing your friend dictated that you were lying so hisher mouth would stretch sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle , the risorius hich means dont lie . also it can tell when you are putting on a fake smile and actually hurting inside . the computer is actually showing empathy by feeling someone elses emotional state . theory of emotion , moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions but also may even help produce them . when struggling on a lesson on the computer the facial action coding system will notice . however  a classroom computer could relieze when a student is becoming confused or bored , then it will modify the lesson , like an effective human instructor . the same technology can make computer  animated faces more expressive  fro video games or video surgery . but also on the other note the new technology couldnt be the best idea due to the fact that some people are going through some stuff and school is a way to clear they mind and going on a computer at school with the new technology would remind them . many people dont relieze when their closest friends are going through something and the new technology would him . i stated that facial action coding system helped you determine your feelings , if something or someone is bothering you or if your struggling on a lesson . after reading about the new trchnology it can help you .