the usage of cars around the whole world has been the main reason why the earth is facing with air pollution problems and day by day our ozone layer is breaking. to solve this problem we can limit the usage of cars or any type of moving vehicle that can harm us and use other efficient ways to get to places. there have been places in this world where they have started to move to make a difference in the earth. for example in source one vaubans streets are completely carfree except the main thoroughfare, where the tram to downtown freiburg runs... in vauban, germany there are alot of suburban communities who have giving up using cars or have sold their cars to make their houses where they live. not only have they be making car free streets but also have taken out parking spaces so that people can reduce the usage of cars. this change can be either economicaly better for everyone but can also be useful for people to start thinking to go outside more. in bogota, colombia they have created a program that is set to spread to all the colombians to hike, bike, skate and also take the bus to their jobs, it is a carfree day like stated in this statement from source  it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. this improvement campaign began in the mids. in other countires like in source two after days or nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial ban to clear the air of the global city this was due to the large amount of smog that cars give out to the layers of air. the citizens of paris would also have to pay a fine. source two also states that paris typically has more smog than other european capitlas... last week paris had  micrograms of particular matter pm per cubic mater compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. this is the reason why paris has started to make a change. they are many other solutions to changing the cars we us today to others like electrical cars where you only have to charge them and you can use them it would not harm our ecosystem in any way. driving a car not only affects our earth but can be very stressful for the driver because he or she would have to face in their every day life traffic jams, but looking for other ways to get to your destination would separate you from having to go through that everyday. one of the biggest produces of this problem is the united states of the america where all of the cars we know have been created and is also one the most more advanced countries. in source four is states that president obamass ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled las week, will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in american behavior recent studies suugest that americans are buying fewer cars, drivinf less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. as hard as this sounds if we dont get to moving we will soon die little by little. we also lower down the percentage of car accidents if we reduce the usage of cars, the level of mortality would not decrease so fast. in conclusion, you have learned that driving a car is very harmful for the planet and if we dont start making a change our earth would be more polluted then how it is now. start making a change and think smart.