after reading making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, it is a smart decision to say that it is valuable to use the facial action coding system to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. i support this claim for a few reasons. the reasons i support using this enhanced technology in a classroom environment is because it could help students become less confused about the concept they are learning, it could be used in a school counselors office to help students identify their emotions and what theyre feeling, and lastly, it can keep students focused and ready to learn in the classroom. it would be valuable to use the facial action coding system in the classroom for students because this technology could possibly help students become less confused about the concept they are learning. throughout the world, many students are in pretty challenging classes, and most of the time, they are smart. some of the things in these classes however, are not always easy. many students struggle with the concepts they learn and are often confused. with this new face reading and emotion detecting technology, the scanner will be able to detect the students facial structure and what they show will predict these emotions. imagine a student learning something and heshe gets confused. this happens all the time, and most students show a face that shows they do not understand whats going on. this face may look something like a furrowed brow or a side smirk with the mouth. whatever it may be, the student is confused, and needs help. the facial action coding system will be able to detect this, and the teacher will see the results, then will be able to clear up the students confusion over the concept. problem solved! this especially would help with students that are not as outgoing as others and are reserved in class and are not comfortable to ask for help in front of the whole class. another reason that the facial action coding system would be valuable for students in a classroom is because in places like a counselors office, it would help the student to identify their own emotions. a lot of students, especially after something has happened in their life that has impacted them in a negative way, need to talk to someone. their emotions need to be expressed, and this new technology would help students identify these emotions. picture a student walking into a counselors office that is having a rough day. the student sits down and explains that heshe is having trouble identifying what they are feeling, or they dont know how to feel about what has happened. the counselor would talk to the student, then for extra assistance, use the facial action coding system. the system would then give the emotions for how the student is feeling, so now the student will know, and maybe feel better. if not, at least the emotions are now recognizedidentified. lastly, this facial recognition will be able to tell if a student in class is bored. it can also tell how many of the other students are bored. this can tell the teacher that maybe how they are teaching the material is not the most beneficial way to the students. in many cases, the students are bored with what they are learning, so they may put their head down or even have a bland look on their face. when students are bored, they tend to give up and not pay attention at all, and they are not motivated to learn anything. therefore, they do not comprehend the material like they need to. this can help teachers know that they need to change up their lesson plan to keep the students occupied and attentive with the material, so they understand it better. this will then have the potential to raise grades and be more successful with the classes they are taking. in conclusion, the facial action coding system would be a valuable source to use with students in a classroom for these reasons i have previously mentioned. this new technology would be very beneficial in an environment at a school. it has proved the emotions of the mona lisa painting, which many people are confused about, so it clearly has a lot of potential! this will allow students to learn in the most beneficial way possible, and will cause them to be more successful in the classroom, and in the future.