limiting car usage would be great for all of us around the world. it would be good for us to function regurlaly without a car. it would show us how people a long time ago got to different places by waliking or public transportation. i think by all of us not using cars will make us see how grateful we are for having cars. by us not having a cars it would help with our air pollution,help us get daily excercise,and help us spend less money on technology. although cars are a great benefit to our lives it can harm us as well. for example in paris they had a near record breaking smog problem due to all the cars. the people of paris thought that diesel was the problem. paris has more air pollution than any other european capitals. in recent recorded data paris had  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london paragraph  line . this shows that cars have a big advantage in our society today and a big part of our health as well. not having a car is good for us because it gives us daily excercise. by walking or riding a bike to work or school is good for our bodies. it allows us to take a breath of fresh air and enjoy nature and clear our minds. by walking to work it allows to take away stress and focus on what you are going to do that day. not having a vehicle is good for us and makes us take advantage of life. lastly not having a car saves money. being carless saves us money on gas and oil changes. if your car breaks downthats extra money you have to spend on for car parts. if you got into a car accident you would have to pay for not only your car ,but the other persons car as well. you could save tons of money for yourself and your family by not having a vehicle. not having a car quickly improves your health and your pockets. this lifestyle will be healthy for all of us and shows us all we maybe missing out on. we as people rely to much on technology and put our everything into these devices. by us doing this it will improve our way of living.