driverless cars should not be used on the road yet, or anytime soon. driverless cars are way to damngerous, and could take up a lot of money. the main thing most people would be worried about is the fact there not really in control of what goes on with the vehicle they purchased. there could be many costly bills, many law suits, for something you didnt do, but what your driverless vehicle did. this could lead to too much then we neen when we could all do what the vehicle is made for, which is for us to drive not to drive by itself. even though many people have already started investing in the idea for driverless cars, they could be putting themselves in a bigger hole then they thought. the money there putting up could go to waste cause more then likely people would want to drive there own car. this meaning there investing in something that nobody would probleby not want. the big name companies such as toyata, and chevy could lose alot of money, when they was making more doing it the normal way. if your in the car driving what you bought you would feel better about your car. the driverless cars could come with maufunctions that could lead to law suits. things like your brakes, your steering wheel and even wheels could mess up and youre not there to see who did it or not, cause the car is driverless. such as if someone was to his your car and the car was messed up, how would you know who did it. little things like that could change someones whole perspective on the vehicle. which could make the people take back the car and get a normal one, which means the big name companies would lose money. not only would we have to wait to even get the car, you would have to be careful with the laws too. laws such as keeping people focused on the road. such as if someone hit the car your not driving who would be respansible. if no one was there in either of the cars no one would win the law suit. many states its already illegal such as california, nevada, florida, and columbia. once other states realize the damages, theyll change there minds too, and make new laws for cars, which will make them fustrated and ban cars from many places. in that case if that happens the big name companies will lose a lot of customers and long time assumers, then eventually lose all there money they invested. this could lead to too much then we neen when we could all do what the vehicle is made for, which is for us to drive not to drive itself. the driverless vehicle is not safe enough to be on streets yet. nobody would know whos responsible for the mistake of a driverless car nondriver. there will be lots of laws banning them and running car buissness down the drain. there would be many things wrong with the routes, such as if there was a car acctident, and the car had to reroute it couldnt. meaning we should stick to what we have been doing since cars have been first invented, which is driving them ourselves.