in the excerpt of the challenge of exploring venus the author mainly talks about how planet venus is referred as planet earths twin and, says how it would be effective, great, and worthy enough to be able to learn more and explore venus. while the author despites the dangers of visiting and exploring venus he thinks that its worthy enough that if we study enough and are able to prepare our selfs for a rough adventure, we would be able to break through and show the world that anything is possible. venus is worthy enough to explore and learn more about because of all the possiblities we are might being able to have such as, new resources, experiencing new life forms, different elements for the periotic tabe, and so much more. being able to find these things we would be able to change our life styles here on planet earth. it would be very benefical for everyone by helping change the way people live and help reduce polution and transportation using the resources we find on venus. in the excerpt the author states in the fourth paragraph astronomers are fascinated by venus because it way well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this is to show that since we have more people interested and fasenated enough to want to help make going to venus possible it would be much easier to get more information and experiments into our hands to make the trip possible. all though there is many dangers out there that we may not know about, we should be majorly prepared for the expoditon that we would have some of our brave poeple do. venus is a earthlike planet so our people would be trained to be able to know what to do in certin situations and coming along obstical courses such as what are listed in the fourth paragraph  valleys, mountins, and craters. for being well prepared for the first time, the expodition would have not been easy, but it would have been acomplished. after acomplishing the first trip to venus, we will be more prepared and be able to take on the things we were not able to take on the first time. over time we would be super familiar with venus we would most likely be able to have human living life form settling on venus like we do earth. in conclusion, being able to acomplish this tremendous goal we would be able to strive on for more coming in our way and find different paths to make our life style, our planet and our enviorement much more succesful. these new things will lead us on into more in the universe and having humans be more succsesful than ever.