why is the world upgrading so fast? living in a world that is upgrading by the day is like watching your son or daughter grow up from day one. most people around the world want to upgrade one thing at a time and other people want to upgrade a hundred things everyday. what is the point of having driverless smarter cars? there isnt one. there are so many teens around the world that just cant wait until the day they get that special with there picture on it. their licence. yes, teens can be dangerous on the roadbut still. i bet, when your was a tennager, you couldnt wait for that special day. now, what teenager wants to grow up to not getting a licence and just being driven around by a driverless car? nobody does. we all know that guys who have nice lifted trucks or jeeps, they like to have fun with them. with driverless smarter cars you cant do none of that. what if something inside the car broke all the sudden and you couldnt do anything about it because it is a driverless car? if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacture?parragraph . now, when there is a wreck on a highway or backroad, the world doesnt freak out about it. if the world started to buy driverless smarter cars and something like that happened because of the car malfunctining, the one who was injured will probably sew and world would stop buying them becuase they are scared it will happen to them. that wouldnt be good for that certain buissness. the world shouldnt be upgrading as fast as it is now. before, the world was upgrading but not as fast. the world should have kept it that way. at the rate were going, by , factories wont even make steering wheels anymore because the world doesnt need them. mercedesbenz, audi,and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by parragraph . if anything, cruise control is enough. i mean, nobody wants to drive a thousand miles while pushing on a gas pedal. who can trust a driverless car and sleep while it drives you a thousand miles away? not a whole lot. telsa has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the timeparragraph . driverless cars are pointless. who wants to be killed because of a car that drives itself when you couldve just driven yourself and avoided what happened? not me. in conclusion, if people around the world feel that they have a driverless car, then go for it.