in the article  the challenge of exploring venus the author supports the possibility of the exploration of venus despite its concerns. venus is a planet in our solar sytem that we havent been able to examine closely, but are striving toward. some believe venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, some do not. however the author supports this idea beacuse it is the most earth like, there was possible life in the past, and it is the nearest option for planetary visits. in addition, venus might have been earth like so this gives a reason to support this idea. in the article  the challenge of exploring venus it says, long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. venus has various similarities to earth such as valleys, mountains and craters. this makes us beiliove that thier could possibly be a chance to reconstruct it and make it availible for human life. furthermore, there could have been life on venus in the past, so this is another reason someone would support exploring venus. in the article  the challenge of exploring venus it says, long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the possibility that there was life on venus drive people like this author and scientist to want to know more and find away to reguvinate venus. if it is possible then there will be more possibilities for the human race. to continue with, it could benefit scientist and also give another safety net for space travlers. in the challenge of exploring venus the author says,venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. it also says,the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive. the author sees all of the possibilities that can be made with venus in our control. to conclude, the author supports this idea beacuse it is the most earth like, there was possible life in the past, and it is the nearest option for planetary visits. some may argue that the author contridicted himself for bringing in the negatives about exploring venus. however, he took in consideration of all the negatives and positive to make his conclusion that venus is worth the challenges.