automatic cars. theyve been invented like everyother automatic thing in the world just to make humans more lazy. there can be nothing good about automatic cars. what if they run out of batter down a four lane highway? what if they run out of gas? what exactly will the cars be run on? no matter what there will always be risks. say you and your family are driving down the road in one of these automatic cars and maybe the road is icy. the car slides but no computer can drive like human driver. the car slides off the road into a ditch and kills every member of that family. who is to blame? the car, or the manufacturer? the manufacturers of the car, if they want to sell the product make sure that the car is totally accident proof. and that is completely impossible. with drunk drivers to texting drivers. you never know what the person coming at you is doing. you can never predict what that driver is gonna do while theyre coming at you. and its not your fault. so why would anyone ever want something they dont have complete control over? another thing. we have automatic trains and subways cars yes. but, they are guided on a rail that is also watched over by a trained person. these automatic cars have no complete guide and just go off of gps? sun flares cause gps and phones to go wack every now and then. so what happens when we have a sun flare and the car shuts down or malfunctions while its going say  mph? that could kill and entire family and some. again, who is to blame for that? who is to be at fault for something like that caused by nature? you cant do anything to prevent it. its impossible. how expensive will these be? only the rich will have them. these arent something that just everyone will be able to get there hands on. like hover boards. they sell for around  dollars and they catch on fire. what kind of waste of money will it be if people go to pay for an expensive car and it malfunctions in the first day that they get it. many companies will lose alot of money and there isnt a thing they can do about it. there are too many risks to the automatic cars. all though the risks are there, the grand theft auto crime rate would go down. i mean, how would one go about stealing an automatic car? how would the get away quickly if the car doesnt even go fast enough? atleast police would have to worry about people trying run from them in one. in the world of automotives, people have to be careful on what they buy. is it safe for the family? is it fun? is it reliable? the risk is too high to have completely automatic cars. there will always be something that could break, or just not work. if they could make a car that is automatic but at the sametime can be controlled by a driver, then you have a product worth selling. at one moment if a mother needs to take care of her child, she could put the car into say something like an autopilot and take care of her child. but only for a short period of time would the thing work. then if the roads are bad or say you need to be able to control the car from and accident then you could rely on the car and not have to worry about a thing. yes it could still malfunction but, you are less likely to crash whne the roads are bad or someone is about to hit you. there will never be a completely safe car but manufacturers have it down to where ford can automatically back up and parrellel park themselves with a camera. cars will always be expensive, and cars will always be dangerous.