i think that driverless cars are definatley an option for transportation in the future for us. however, as much as it would decrease our pollution and fuel consumption, it would take far too long to settle out cases whenever accidents do happen. i think there would be more problems than that as well. with smart cars driving on the roads, there would most likely need to be smart roads for the cars to drive on. lastly, the cost of a smart car, with all the technology that comes with it, would be far too expensive for the average citizen to purchase. with new technology comes problems and errors in the technology. with cars driving on public roads at highway speeds, any problem could result in a big accident. if those problems were to occur, there would be piles upon piles or settlement cases needing to be worked out. companies manufacturing these cars would be losing popularity and money when these accidents occur. also, the question running through everyones minds will be, whos fault is it? people would be raging if they had to pay the bills of an accident if they were not even driving it. as stated in the article, driverless cars will most likely need smart roads with builtin sensors in them, to operate. if thats the case, only major interstates and highways will have smartcars. unless the country gets enough money to make smart cars drive in every road in america. which would probably cost billions and trillions of dollars. i do not think an country for that matter is ready for an expense like that. for me, it is just something i cannot see happening anytime soon. in the article, driverless cars are coming, it says that a driver will most likely need to be in the drivers seat in case of an emergency. however, how is it possible for a driver to be focused on what is going on if they are not physically driving the car. it does say in the artical that manufacturers could include montitors for the drivers to watch somthing while they sit in the drivers seat. but with all of this technology, how is an everday working man supposed to be able to afford one of these cars? i would expect one of these cars to cost twice as much as a brand new car today. i do not think it will be that popular if they are not cheap enough for anyone to buy. as i mentioned above, there are many problems that could occur if these driverless smart cars would be put on the roads. the problem of whos fault is it would be the biggest. as for a problem for the cities and states, the cost of the roads would definately hurt them. also for the everyday citizen, the cost of buying one of these cars would be a feat in itself. i do think driverless cars are something we should reach for, but i do think we should wait on that until all the the problems that come with it are settled.