in the artilce the challange of exploring venus the author strongley supports his claim that humas should explore and study venus despite its many dangers by using strong evidance and logic. studying the planet may be dangerous but the author gives a fair amount of examples showing why it is important to solve the mysteries of venus. the secrets of venus could be vary important because they could help us learn more about life on other planets and even seolve mysteries of our own planet. throughout the writing the author uses stong evidance to support his claim that we should explore and study the planet venus. in paragraph four the author shows that venus already has some similar geographical features of earth and also says it used to possibly have even more similar traits. the author claims it has things such as mountains, craters, and vallys and couldve used to have oceans too. they use some logic too and state that the conditions may not be easy on venus, but are survivable in paragraph five. the author continues to use logic and evidance in the writing in paragraph seven. in this paragraph it is stated that scientist have alreadey created some electronics that can last up to at least three weeks of the harsh venus conditions. this proves that we can at least send a robot to explore venus to help us better understand venus. in the last paragraph of the writing the author claims that if we solve the challange venus has presented us we will only find more amazing things to find that will furthur our knowlage of our imaginations. gaining knowlage of this planet will lead us into gaining even more challanges and endevours to solve. throughout the article the challange of exploring venus the author supported his claim well that humans should explore and study venus using strong evidance and logic. they showed how it could lead to us finfing out new things about life on other planets and even our own. they also proved that their is no good reason to not do it besides the fact that the conditions are slightely dangerous.