is venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers of studying it ? well in the text it is stated the venus is the second planet from our sun and mostly it is referred as the earths twin. so the author claims that it is a challenge to meet and presente by venus having value, but the travel on earth should not be limtied by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the imagination and innocation. so the author talks about how it is the closest planet to earth in the terms of the size and density and of course the closest in the distance too they are like planetary neighbor. there are differnce because somethings it changes we are closer to mars and sometime we are closer to venus. there have been previous mission that was unmanned, but they were for good reasons. according to the text snice no spacaft survived the landing for more than a few hours, and numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity for us. so the author tells us why there have been many fails and why they are still studing for it. the another thing is that how venus is a thick atomsphere that is cloely by  percent carbon dioxide blankets. that it is more hard for the clouds to have highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atomsphere. according to the author  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater that what we experience on our own planet. so this is more far extreme than something else humans encounter on here this earth so trying to move up there is going to be a little hard and diffult. last thing to support the idea of studing venus is long time ago they said maybe there was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth today. also now that nasa has one idea that sending humans to study venus though they said it will be challenging because of the temperature will be toasty that will be around  degress fahrenheit. also the pressure of the air would be closer to the sea level on earth. they will use solar power and radiation that will not exceed earth levels, but that will be survivable for humans. also with many of there new teconology and new modern computers that are powerful, flexible, and quick, but becomes more delicate when it comes to extreme phyical conditions. overall the author made many supports and the idea of studing venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. the author also stated that the travels on earth should not doubt but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovations and how they are making nasa working with a person to study on venus and travel there and also the modern computers.