the facial action coding system facs enables computers to identify human emotions. this may or may not help students feel better or help them at all in school. but i think it could be helpful although it could be a little distracting. i think the facs could be helpful in a clasroom. not only because it could help them with their emotions but because it could help better education. students can teachers can use the coding system to know what the student think about the lesson they are teaching. wether it is fun or not, teachers can figure out what they are doing wrong. this could help better education because teachers can use it to make the lesson more entertaing so students would actually pay attention. the text mentions that, a classroom coputer could recognize when a student is becomig confused or bored. this means that using the coding system students may be more interested in learing. this also means that when knowing when the students are confused, and sicne some students may be afraid to ask for help, teachers now know when to jump in and help a student. the coding system may also help in the fact that it could make students andor teachers happy. the author gives the reader an experiment to try, which is similar to what the coding system does. after the experiment he then asked, by the way, did making a happy face in this experiment also make you feel slightly happy? he then provided information about how just using the coding system could make you happy. this could help students be happy while in school, have them better focused. i think that being happy can change the way on how you view things. when you are happy and someone asks you a question youll probly answer nicley. but when you are sad or angry the chances of you answering the same way are very low. the facs could help with that by changing the way you feel. moving your facial muscels not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. this is why i think, it making you happy students can be more involved in the classroom and in learning. having the teachers happy could also mean they can teach better and in a nice way, helping more and more students. i can now conclude that with the facs making students happy, it can help them in the classroom. in conclusion, i think the facs could help studetns in their classroom, having them happy and ready to learn. because having the students and techers happy they can learn more and they can learn better.