i believe that driverless cars should be allowed for everyone. the cars could help certain people if they are occupied with something else. some people may not be able to have a driverless car because even though its driverless, they still have to be there in case of an emergency. other people may just ignore the signals of the car and it could cause a wreck to occur. driverless cars could benefit many people in many different ways. the driver may need to take an important business call, and they can do that while the car is still going. the person could also have an injury and need to go to the emergency room, but have no one else to take them there. if the person has children one of their kids could need something, so they could help them while still going where they need to go. also, the driver couldve woken up late and needs to hurry to work. they could finish getting ready in their car or eat their breakfast. they may need to finish their make up or brush their hair and you cant do that with both of your hands on the wheel and your eyes on the road. i also believe it would be diffucult to know who is at blame for a wreck. the car could mess up and it would be the manufacturers fault, but if the driver is not paying attention it would be their fault. the driver may not want to take responsibilty and admit to not paying attention to the signals of the car. the idea of having cameras in the car to watch the driver is very interesting. it may feel weird being watched by something, but it would help figure out who is to blame. the idea of driverless cars is a little frightening though. there are people that may take advantage of it and not pay attention to whenever they need to take control of the car. the idea is also excellent for someone that may need the time to do something else. i approve of the idea, but there is always the slight chance of someone messing it up. hopefully if driverless cars become a thing, they will make everything safer and nothing bad will happen because of them. if driverless cars become a regular thing, i think they need to be figured out and practiced with a lot more.