as humans, our natural instinct is to look for ways of improvement. driving is a big risk factor in our every day life, so finding ways to reduce the effects of life on the road is beneficial to all of us. if the driverless car means less accident occurance and more alertness, i am all for the driverless car. although there are minor kinks to smooth out, that will come in due time. driverless cars propose many good situations. with the assistance of these cars, less accidents are likely to occur. many young drivers text and drive, which leads to a lengthy number of accidents a year. with the driverless car, the driver can actually be alerted before they reach a road block or when something pops up unexpectedly. these cars can steer, brake, and accelerate all on their own. this would mean that if the driver were to get distracted and the unexpected happened, he or she would be able to have the chance to get their mind right and asses the problem. who wouldnt want to be able to reduce the chances of getting into an accident? when it comes to manual driving, if you look away for a second it could mean crashing into the car in front of you. it could mean backing into a hidden pole. these smart cars have many sensors and cameras that will ensure these things from happening. google has test driven these cars , miles without a crash so far. basically, driving with these cars would be more like performing a job with moderate supervision and an all around less stressful act. it is nerving driving on an interstate with thousands of cars flying around you. there are no room for mistakes. having assistance wouldnt hurt. like any new technology that falls before us, there are always problems. so far, the driverless car is not able to navigate itself through accidents or work zones, but manufacturists are already working on solving those problems! our technology has come such a long way. we only keep making improvements. pretty soon, our cars will be driving us safely from one destination to the next. over all, driverless cars seem like a smart way to go. its where we are heading. things are improving everday. i know i would like to eliminate as many harmful things out of my life as possible, and these driverless cars would help so many problems that us new drivers will have to face everyday. our eyes can only see and do so much. having this car would make driving safer for everyone!