should cars be operated by a machine? i belive that they should not. the reason being that there are always errors in code that could result in horrible course of action. the action of putting the code in for every possible scenerio that they can think of that may possibly happen may help but what happens when something they did not program the car for happens. in may lead to a devastating injury or maybe even death because of the error in coding. the wide variety of code can go on for ages and with just one mess up this will take down the whole code like a tree. the wide spread of choices the car is ready for with yes or nos may not help when the time comes of a tornado moving toward you down the road. the system may not know what to do because the vehical was not programmed for this such scenerio and may turn to driver mode. this will catch the driver off guard because he bought a driverless car and with the fact that he is reading his book and now he has to drive he will be placed between a rock and a hard place. this just one example of missing progamming. another thing is a mess up in the code of the yes and nos. with this the whole thing may go whack and they make fix it but what happens when it flys under the radar and gets through to the final product. this will lead to a horrific incident that will happen like a chain of dominos. the car not being fully programmed for a red light may just run through and hit another car and that is when it goes haywire. the incident will be caused from one mistake with a yes or no another thing is that the driverless cars will put some people out of business. the jobs that require being driven by a human is beyond the stars. this will put some people out of their job and many companies out of business. some people will not face the fact of being driven around in a taxi as pleasing as others. i like to see a person at the wheel of the taxi and may have some small talk with him and it will just feel like they are focusing on what they are doing. without the communication from human to human people would go insane. these are the reasons i do not side with driverless cars. they will put people out of a job they have worked for. they may have coding errors. and even if one part is messed up everything gets messed up. there are wide room for error and one mistake will destroy everything. this is why i do not side with driverless cars.