the advantages of limiting car usage result in a healthier environment for you and your children, exercise by walking or riding a bike, and saving money on parking and gas. limiting car usage would be beneficial for the environment because the gas wouldnt polute the air. green house gas emissions from tailpipes polute the air that everyone is breathing. if the car usage was limited, then the air would start to become fresh again. stated in the passage, passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. this exerpt from the passage carfree cities explains that europes percentage is too high and they need to drop it fast or the percentage will grow and the greenhouse gas emissions will increase. limiting car usage isnt a big move like most people are making it out to be. walking to pick up your child from school isnt such a bad thing! it gives you bonding time to spend with them outdoors. you can walk or ride a bike to the park to play. especially if it is less than  mile! walking is a great way to exercise and its free! free! this component of smart planning could work if eveyone helped by reducing car use. having a car is expensive! you have to pay for gas, which is expensive, and you have to pay to park your car! if you live in the area where you want to go, walk! but if youre going to the grocery store, obviously you would take your car if youre getting a lot at the store. you have to pay to park in the parking garage and that is , with a house. the passage carfree cities, states that  of vaubans families do not own cars, and  sold a car to move here. in that town, everything is pretty close to each other so you dont have to drive anywhere. if you needed to go visit a family member in a different city, the the train! its fun, free, and calming. as you can see, you dont need to drive a car. yes, you can drive a car, but why would you? you have buses, and trains, and other ways of transportation. this way, you dont have to pay for gas to go to the park. not using your car is healthy for the environment and its great exercise. its a good way to get outdoors and have a nice walk. so please, just try using your car a little bit less everyday and soon enough, you will rarely use it, the air will be fresh, and youll be taking some nice strolls in the park with your family.