have you ever wondered what else is beyond this planet earth. there is much more out there than what we know. the universe is a very great mystery. in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author focuses more toward the planet venus. venus is much more than what we believe it is. venus is not just an ordianary planet its much more. there are other things that could be threating on venus because nasa does not have enough information as stated on paragraph . discovering venus may be harder than nasa thought. first you would have to get the materials to be able to survive in venus enviornment. the materials to build the space ship and for the ship to function well. the people would also have to be trained very well for the circumstance they will have to face. it will be a challenge for the people going to venus, but in the long run it will be helpful for nasa to retrieve all the information about venus. now the cost will be something very big. the suits for the people will cost a lot of money. the suits would have to withstand very high heat. the ship would have to withstand very high heat tempatures as well. the technology required will also be very expensive. everything required for the mission will cost a lot of time and not only that, but a fortune. since nasa doesnt know much about venus they would have to send people very smart and with a lot of patience because in tough situations you will need to be calm and alerted. venus also might have things we have never seen before like creatures or objects. the people in the ship would also need to have very good communication with each other. on paragraph  it states astronomers are fascinated bu venus because it may very well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solor system. nasa would have to make many caculations and work to get to venus. it takes hard work and dedtication to get to where you want to be. getting to venus will be a challenge for nasa in many ways. nasa would have to cunduct a lot of research. nasa knowing very little of venus will be even harder to get there. they are currently trying to get more research from venus and are trying to make plans forpeople to head to venus safely. nasa is curently working on many other approaches to learn more about venus as stated on paragraph . nasa will one day be able to send people to venus and will be able to open many more doors to the future.