a computer can tell the mona lisa painting is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. a computer is a complex machine with almost everything in it. a computer stores information like what sites you have been on, documents, and more. it also lets you get information in less than five seconds, but is this a good idea to use in classrooms with students? by looking at the reading making mona lisa smile, we can see how computers are helpful when it comes to students expressions the teachers can change the lesson up to make it more exciting on the spot. the software that can read peoples emotions is the latest innovation from professor thomas huang, who worked with professor nicu sebe on this project. they are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit. then dr. huang relies on the work of psychologists, such as dr. paul eckman, creator of facs facial action coding system. eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadnessand then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. all of their research on human expressions went into this software. they noticed your frontalis pars lateralis muscle raises your eyebrows when you are surprised and your orbicularis oris tightens when you show anger. by using the software on the mona lisa painting, they predicted how she was feeling. she was more happy than angry according to the software, but by looking at the painting, a human can not tell if she is happy, angry,or sad. the computer can tell us how she is feeling by acknowledging her muscles in her face. this software can also tell us when a student is happy, confused or bored, and it will help the teacher adjust the lesson for the student. a classrom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confued or bored. dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the technology can help a teacher and a student succeed together by telling each other how they are feeling even if they do not talk during class. most students raise their hands to answers questions, but a student will not raise their hand to say im bored. some students do not want to tell the teacher they are confused either. hence for the computer will automatically tell the teacher and they can explain the lesson better to the whole class because there are always multiple students who need extra help, but will not ask. there for, their software will make humans interact more by telling us how they are feeling. in conclusion, the software professor thomas huang and professor nicu sebe will help read students emotional expressions. the software has information on how a humans muscles move when they are happy, sad, angry, fearful, surprised, confused, etc. by using it on the mona lisa, we can see that the software works and it will also help find problems in it. dr. huang predicts that the software will also help the teacher know when a student is confused or bored. the teacher can then adjust their lesson to make the student more attentive. this will help the teacher succeed in their job more, the lesson more informational, and the student more productive in their school work.