driving is one of the most dangerous everyday things that we do, and we dont need computors to help make it anymore dangerous. in this article they bring up the possibility of having hands free driving. this is a subject that has been tested and fantasized by humans for quite awhile now. google has had this technology since around , and has allowed them to test it. however in these tests the cars have not been truely fully aoutmated my a computer. there has been a driver behind the seat everytime. the tests that have taken place have proven that the computors have the capability of driving under the circuiumstances that they were presented with, but if they still require the driver to be alert whats the point? the time that the car has spent driving still required the driver to remain alert behind the wheel once it ran into issues. i belive that this is just a tool that is asking for trouble. most people dont have trouble driving by themselves, and this tool is just another peice of technology that is going to make us more lazy. i feel like there are far more chances for the computors to calculate wrong or malfunction and possibly hard or kill the passengers and drivers behind the wheel as well as others on the road. i feel like people might also be misinformed if this was ever released into the public, and feel like the computor is to be doing all the work, but as of right now thats not the case. this can ultamitly lead to more accidents and deaths behind the wheel. as the article states if this were to happen whos really to blame the driver or the manufacurer? this leads to more issues than conveniences in my opinion, and could do far more damge to large companies that would be relasing this hardware into the world. there would need to be a total redesign of safety laws and additions to the laws that are already in place. in conclusion i dont feel like cars need an autopilot feature because it has more cons than pros at this point, and is a danger to the public until tested on for a longer period. im not against it in the future possibly, but at this point in time its far too dangerous and adds to the chaos that is already in place on the roads. hopefully by the time that tesla releases their vehicle they have done enough testing to make sure that its as safe as possible.