i am luke bomberger, and i go on sea cowboy trips. there are many things to see and tour. there are many reasons why some one should become a sea cowboy. i hope you listen to my advice. one reason someone should becoome a sea cowboy is because you get to do a lot of sightseeing. i got to go to china, greece, venice, and crete. in china, there was great sightseeing. so many things to tour and look at, and i got to see the panama canal while heading there. it was beautiful. i aslo got to go to greece, as i have already told you, and got to see the acropolis. greece was by far the best place i went. it is one of the spectaclals of being a sea cowboy. if you arent a sea cowboy then its likely that you will never see the things i got to see. in venice, the streets where made of water, or atleast people traveled by canals of water. the people of venice had to be good at controling boats to do that because i tried, and fell in the water. you get to do some unique things as a sea cowboy, such as the things i just described to you. crete was the second best, because i got to see the panama canal. i couldnt say enough that it was beautiful. with its wide mouth and trees every where, you dont see that every day unless youre a sea cowboy. there may be a big wait to get to those places, but its worth the wait. hey, that reminds me of the time i almost died at sea. if you like risks, youll love being a sea cowboy. back to the time i almost died at sea. i was walking on deck, just back from checking the animals, and i sliped on a ladder below me. i started sildeing down the side of the boat, and caught on a peice of metal. that peice of metal saved my life. i did end up with a few broken ribs, but i was ok. did i mention the animals, almost  hundred animals each trip. the best part of it is being with the animals. i get to feed them, clean them, and water them. some of the animals you get to see are some of the ones that might start to feel connected to. i got to keep a horse that i loved. another great thing about being a sea cowboy. please take my advice and join me on these great adventures.