what is that mysterious face hiding in mars? in the acticle unmasking the face on mars its states many different thoughts of different people. nasa has expiremented this face on mars and belive that is just another martin mesa. although conspiracy theorists like to think otherwise, they do not really have any proof on their beliefs, there for, they do not have many people that follow upon that. only a few scienetists believed that the face was an alein artifact. nasa photographed the face as soon as they could get a good shot at it. in , when the mars global surveyor flew over cydonia, they were able to snap a picture that was over ten times sharper than the original viking photos. this gave everybody a pretty good idea that if the picture was clear enough that it could prove if there was life on mars or not. the anxcious people were waiting for the picture when they discovered that the face was nothing more than a natural landform. alough the picture had proven that the face did not show any life on mars, they just did not believe that the photo couldnt have been right. at the time the face was photographed, the camera had to peer through wispy clouds. because the camera may not have gotten a clear shot, people argued with the sam monotnous story that they didnt get a good enough picture and the clouds could have been covering the the markings. so the question comes back again, is that really a face in the in the ground of mars? garvin, a nasa researcher, states that it is very hard to target the face and where it is located. one day on a cloudless summer day, in , mars global surveyor went to take a second look at the face that held thousands of people speechless on what to belive. malins team had managed to capture a picture using the cameras absolute resolution. they discovered that the picture actually shows a martian equivalent of a buttle or mesa, landforms common around the american west. after all the fuss about the face, it was proven to be just a landform that you you would find on mars. this uniqe landform kept people wondering for years about what it really was. after many trips into space and passing by the face, scientists finally got all the proof they needed to prove what it really was. this uncommon feature left the conspiracy theriosts jaws dropped and mouths closed. what do you think that mysterious face hiding in mars was?