facial action coding system in classrooms? have you heard about the new computer software called facial action coding sytem? this software can detect what kind of emotion you are feeling. this latest innovation comes from two profesors and some colleague experts. they are all developing better ways for a computer to communicate with people. the use of this technology could and should be used to even read students facial expressions in a classroom. my first reason as to why i believe that this latest technology should be used to read students facial expressions in a classroom is because it can modify the lesson. for example when a student is in class and is looking at a computer screen and becoming confused or bored the computer will recognize this. when it recognizes this it can than modify the lesson in a way where it can make that frown go upside down. the lesson will than become more interesting and the student will than be willing to do the work because heshe enjoys it. my second reason on why the facial action coding system should be used in a classroom to detect students facial expressions is because it will help them academicly. for example when a student has to work on something on the computer that is visually interesting heshe will do a better job on actaully putting in some effort. the computer will read the facial expression on the student and continue giving them things on the screen that will keep a smile on there face. this will result in the student scoring well in whatever it was they were working on because it drew there attention in enough for them to continue reading and looking at the screen. in conclusion using the facial action coding system has its benifits.when using this new technology in a classroom the students will not only be happy but it will help them do well in school as well. you wont ever have to read anything in class that is boring so make sure you take this new computer software into consideration the next time you are working on something on the computer.