driverless cars being brought into the world sounds like a dream come true, no more worrying about horrible car accidents, or having the urge to text and drive at the same time, right? wrong. having driverless cars may sound like a good idea, but to me theyre not. especially when a persons fate in being messed with.plus bringing driverless cars into mind would also bring an even lazier world, and people that work as driving instructors would be out of a job. having driverless cars will lead to humans becoming lazier than they already are, twice as many car accidents as there were before, and some lots of people around the world wouldnt have a job. car accidents can happen anywhere at anytime, and they are not a pretty sight to look at. most car accidents happen during  work traffic and on the highway. now think of how many more car accidents would happen if we have smart cars driving by themselves. the damge would be horrific. in the passage, paragraphs , they talk mainly about how even though these are computer engineered cars, they still would need human assistance if nessecary. a line from paragraph  says they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselevs, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this sentence showed that even though these are smart cars, humans still have to be alert at all time. but what if the technology in the smart car refuses to provide smart alerts and warnings to the human? this would lead to a huge accident. and since the law doesnt know wheather to blame it on the manufracturer or the driver, its completely pointless to take the risk of putting these cars on the road. human laziness is another reason that we should not have driverless cars. this new idea just gives humans more reasons not to use their brains. not having car skills, like focusing on the road,and knowing road signs wouldnt be helping our brains develop more. and having driverless cars should just mean that everyone should throw their brains in the trash. last but not least, jobs. alot of people all around the world have the job of being a driving instructor. people get made and make a living for teaching other people how to drive good. if we take learning how to drive, and replace it with a computer just doing all the work, we would have alot of people without a job. and im pretty sure there would be a huge controversy about it. plus, learning how to drive should be a special, and very big part of becoming an adult. if we replace that with technology, then the next generations wouldnt know how it feels to work for you freedom. basically, what im trying to prove is that bringing driverless cars into this world, would bring more accidents, worldwide laziness, and jobless people. chaos would be among us. so i do not think we should have driverless cars, beacause it would keep humans really safe, and it would keep the tradition of learning how to drive a car living on through many generations to come.