driverless cars are the future. no matter which side you are on they will make there way on to hte treets in this lifetime. there is a downside to this. there is no more joy in driving. the car can malfunction and crash. lastly the cars can misintepret the maps and send people way off course. these are a few reasons why i believe that selfdriving cars shouldnt be a reality till we can confim that the risks are lower than the rewards. the first reason why i believe driverless cars shouldnt be a thing is because there is no joy in driving anymore. if we have cars that drive for us why would kids want to be excited to get a licence. why would engineers want to build cars that go faster if no one is going to drive them. another reason is why would people even buy a car if they can just rent a self driving car or call a driverless taxi to take them where they need to go. my second reason for why i think driverless cars shouldnt happen at this point and time is because the car can malfunction and crash. not only can the car malfunction it also relies on the driver to pay attention. if the car malfunctions and goes off course who is to blame the manufacturer or the driver. this was a question from the article the makes me wonder what will happen if the car has a promblem and hurts many people. another point i want to make is that the car still requires the attention and as drivers we already have distractions and a car buzzing and beeping everytime you look away could be the one to cause the driver to an accident. the last reason why i dont agree with driverless cars is because the car might misread the maps and send people of coures or they might even be seriuosly or fatialy injured. if people rely on the cars sensors to update for them what happens when the sensor malfuctions and the car doesnt alert the driver. what will happen when the cars maps arent up to date and the car runs  mph into a constrution site or a police officer making a traffic stop. this is just a few circumstances that could turn into a reality with driverless car. for these reasons that i believe that the driverless car shouldnt be on the streets. there is no joy in driving. the car malfuntion and crash. lastly the car can misread the maps and senosrs and cause serious injury. thaty is why driverless cars shouldnt be the way of the future.