the new software the facial action coding system should be allowed to read students emotional expressions. the reason why the new software should be able to do that is because some students could really be interested in these new technologies and make it better and find new ways to improve it. or they could be feeling down and you run the test on the student to see how he or she feels. in the text it states that  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. with that being said about the computer knowing if a student is bored or confused about the lesson. the teacher can pay more attention to the problem that the student has and give him or her extra help.students are confused all the time and they might not ask for help or tell the teacher, but with the new facial action coding system they can get help without asking because they may be shy. or it may be a type of student that just never talks in class. the new technology can also help on may things in a class room like if two students argue they can run a scan and see their emotions and how they feel. in paragraph  it states most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. what that is saying is everyone feels differant and has their own opinion and ways on how they feel on something. and not everyone shows their emotions but with the new technology that can change everything and might make everyone happy and the students may change the way they are acting towards their peers. it also says in the text imagine a computer tha knows when youre happy or sad. if a computer knows that and can recognize that then maybe it can give you good ads on the computer to cheer you up or brighten your dayif you are feeling sad. that can change a students day and make them want to focus more in class. as we can see the facial action coding system is a good pruduct and has muiltiple positive effects on reading a students mind. like being able to brighten their day, change the mood of a student. if they are interested in new technology like that it could give them new ideas in the future to make something like that on their own. it also even helps teachers on knowing if a student is having a hard time focusing or confused about the lessing. it also helps knowing if a student comes to school  mad then people should leave the student alon to cause less tension or maybe even stop violence. i believe that the facial action coding system is a great idea and should be able to rad students emotions.