are you someone who is really good at hiding your feelings or emotions? or are you someone who is expressing everything that you feel inside and emotions?. more importantly, are you someone who likes to express your feelings but is not good at expressing it?. i am someone who is really good at hiding my feelings and someone who is not good at expressing feelings. i smile when i am sad and i cry when i am happy. the technology wont be able read my emotion when i cant even express myself. therefore, the use of technology to read students emotional expressions is not valuable because it cannot read your mind, it cannot see or feel your feelings and it will cost a lot of money. first of all, i dont expect the computer to read my mind because its imposible. it may read your outside such as your appearance, body, or your outside emotions but it cant read what you are thinking inside.the article said, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. i disagree with the quote above because you never know if she is pretending to be happy, surprised, sad or joyful. when you think about it, the only person that knows how you feel and how you think is you, the technology cannot define it. lets say you are laughing in your mind and you dont show it outside, will the computer see your emotions?. therefore, the use of this techology to read students emotional expressions is not valuable or inffective. furthermore, this technology cannot see or feel what you are feeling inside. the article said, eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. the quote is basically saying this technology can see your emotions but i dont agree with it. some students could be hiding their emotions or feelings. for example, one student is hurt and deeply sad inside but is pretending to be fine and smiling, will it know what she is feeling inside?. it will only see the fake emotions, the outer appearance and that is why the use of this technology to read students emotional expressions is not valuable. in addition, this technology is considered a high technology so it will cost a lot of money to own it. some schools might not have enough money to purchase it. if this technology could do those things, most of all the schools might want it and if they cant purchase it, it is sad for them. plus, this technology is not useful so why spend a lot of money on it. there are a lot of ways the schools could use the money such as donating so why spend money on technology that is not useful. it is not worth spending the money for, that is why the use of this technology to read students emotional expressions is not valuable. in conlusion, the use of this technology to read students emotional expressions is not valuable because it cannot read your mind, it cannot see or feel what you are feeling inside, and because it costs a lot of money. it may see what you show but it cannot see what you actually feels inside unless you express it. if you are someone who is not good at expressing your emotions or feelings, this technology is not for you and is not valuable.