driverless cars can indead be a scary, or harmful thing. when you are in a car, you would want all the control you can get not little, half or none. or it can be relaxing and intersting.. if nothing goes wrong. driverless cars offer very little control from a human, which can also be an issue, or a nervous thing with some people or many people. even newer cars today require less of a human handling type deal. driverless cars can be a dangerous thing, when you have none of the control of what your car may do next it could be a scary thing.they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves... a driverless car that can brake itself could be very dangerous. for instance what happens if you come to a stop lightsign and the car doesnt break, something goes wrong in the sensors and it keeps going. if technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer?. this is one burning question that manufactuers have to face when dealing with driverless cars.if the senors or the automatic brakes, accelerate system decides one day it just does not want to drive itself any more, and the human driver is not able to get back in control, who is at fault, the human driver, or the manufacturer?. the driver should not have to be worried about this happening, especially if they are new drivers, new teenage drivers not to mention the nervous cautious drivers.heads up display such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over something not available to dirvers trying to text with a cell phone. this is where danger comes in. if you are in your driverless car and some people might think that the car is in control i do not need to steer or break anytime soon, or at all i will just check my messages.if this happens and the  heads up display does not give any type of heads up and the sensors or the automatic driving system instantly stops.. it is an accident waiting to happen. although driverless cars may sound new and exciting to be able to have. there is always downsides of it that dealerhsips fail to explain, which is a recipe for something bad. driverless cars need alot more work, and saftey hazards checked out before any one sets foot inside it. saftey is key on the roads of a city, there should always be a car to match that saftey.