some people truly belive that aliens are responsible for the face on mars. the face on mars is a landform that looks like a face. plenty of peole argue about wether this face was made by aliens or not. in the article face on mars the author gives great detail it was not made by aliens. some reasons people know about this landform and believe it was created by aliens. nasa took great photos of the landform. in addition they wanted these photos to bring attiention to mars. thats exactly what the photos did. now the face on mars has a very popular landform. it has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows even haunted grocery store chekout lines for twentyfive years. there is no credible proof or theroes that this artifact was created by aliens. however thrier are plenty of great scientist that believe and agree with nasa when it comes to this landform not being created by aliens. out of all these years nasa has been working in outer space no proof of aliens have been discovered. in addition if nasa realy had an idea about there being aliens and wanted to hide it, they would have never released the photos. there are some people who say the aliens are hidden. the reason some peole say this is because they believe the pictures werent clear enough. so nasa decided to look again. further more nasa wouldnt hide anything anyway because if there were aliens it would benefit nasa. so on april ,  a summer day with no clouds nasa had to roll the space craft  degrees to center the face in field of view they took a photo at maximum resolution.there were no other things like shacks, pyramids, or air planes. what the picture does show is a landform very common around the midwest. thats why plenty of people believe it is a natural landform. in the article face on mars there are plenty of facts that show you aliens did not create the land form. people will still argue wether it was created by aliens or not. however logic shows it is a natural land form.