you may think the face is created by aliens, but it simply is not. you see, we here at nasa have been studying and researching other planets for years. dont you think that with our intelligence, we would know if something that looks like alien evidence actually is alien evidence? we would not only let everyone know, but we would make a very big deal out of it. this is just a natural landform. i know it is silly that there is literally a face on mars, but its not as big of a deal as you think. have you ever looked at the leaves in a tree or the coulds in the sky and seen something put together that resembles an animal or shape? this is kind of like that. its cool, but it doesnt exactly mean the universe is trying to give you a sign of life. when we released these photos to the public, people thought for sure we were hiding something like we had an agenda to have an alien takeover. they said it was bona fide evidence of life on mars. trust me, we wish there was life on mars! that would be groundbreaking news! we are not hiding a single secret, and we are speaking the truth. perhaps, of course, we will find life on the red planet someday. this landform is not evidence to support that moment. on a bright and clear day on april , , we took a very highdetailed photo of the face. if there were any outstanding undeniable resemblinces to a human face, we wouldve seen it. it is much like any other landform from the american west, like a certain one in the snake river plain of idaho. truly any other butte or mesa, just this time its on a different planet. so, afterall, its settled. this facelike landform on mars is not a sign of any martians or aliens, sadly. conspiracy theorists will go on with their unreasonable theories and we will stick to the cold hard facts, thank you very much. i hope you have realized just how wrong everyone has been and just how much more logical you should be thinking. dont get me wrong, i and most workers at nasa certainly belive in aliens. this just isnt anything to get to excited about. keep in touch, though, you never know when the next big discover will come about.