how do you think the human race will be able to collect knowledge of venus? studying venus is important and should be studied. venus is often referred as eaths twin because it contains the closest density and size along with the closest to us as well. humans have sent multiple spacecrafts to venus but failed to do so because of venuss harsh environments leading to only last a few hours. how harsh do you think the environment is on venus? humanity has failed to study venus becuase of how thick the atmosphere going to almost  percent carbon dioxide. the environment worsens becuase the avergae temperature of this planets surface reaches over  degrees fahrenheit and the pressure the atmospheric has is  times greate than what we have ever experienced on our planet. how long do you think the harsh environments of venus will last? our sisiter planet maybe a challenge to observe, then why do we continue to attempt to collect research? astronomers are breath taken by the fact that venus may have actually been earthlike. they believe that venus may have actually been covered with large oceans and contained various life forms like earth. astronomers have noticed that venus contains familiar chracteristics like earth, for example valleys, mountains, and craters. what type of technology do you think well contain in the future to be able to safely collect research of venus? nasa has a solution that may help. their idea is to float  or so miles above venuss landscape and collect data there, but the temperatures would still be very heigh at  degrees fahrenheit, and air pressure would be close to sea level on earth. researchers howover say that rock, gas, and anything else would be able to be collected with this idea. what year do you think well be able to inhabite venus? nasa took this into consideration so they began to create simplified electronics made of silicon carbide. this material has been tested in a simulation chamber recreating venuss chaotic surface and resulted to last  weeks in this condition. humanity should keep trying to complete this challenge becuase who know what well find.