throughout americas history, people have always owned cars. they use them to travel into the city or long distances. but now it looks as if the tides may be turning for automobiles. studies have shown that car ownership and average miles driven by citizens have decreased dramatically in the past ten years. not only is the the case for the united states, but all around the world. cars every year release emissions that are harmful to the enviroment. the emissions pollute crowded cities, which makes it dangerous for citizens to live there. in paris, days of nearrecord pollutuion made the city partially ban driving for two days. even number license plates wouldnt drive on one chosen day and odd numbered the next. if the citzens did not comply to this, they were fined twenty two euros. four thousand drivers had to pay that fine for not leaving their vehicles at home. the other citizens that did comply with the city helped dramtically reduce the smog in paris. and during the partial driving ban, congestion was down nearly sixty percent. the decrease in automobile use is not only being used to decrease pollution, people also say that not driving a vehicle helps reduce stress. heidrun walter of vauban, germany said, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. she lives in germanys experimental suburb that is car free. automobiles are not banned in this area, per say. but if you want to own a vehicle in this neighborhood, you must buy a parking spot for , dollars and a home. this neighboorhood is helping shape the way for a future wihtout cars. one of the main benefits that would directly improve the qaulity of life for humans by decreasing car usage would be exercise. obesity in the world, especially in america, has been an evergrowing problem in the past twenty years. people have become so busy in their lives where exercise is not one of their top priorities. without the use of automobiles, citizens would have to either walk, bike, skate, or jog to their destination. this way they would exercise while traveling, wherever that may be. overall, the world is preparing for an inspirational future without cars. this would help the world in many areas like paris or hong kong for decreasing pollution or help america with the battle against obesity. no one can predict the future, whether it contains automobiles or not. but the world is certainly becoming less dependant on them, who knows, one day they may become obsolete.