the new techonolgy called the facial action coding system facs is a valuable tool for reading students emotions in classroms or elsewhere for many reasons. since the system is to detect and go into depth of a persons emotion, accurate results will come out. there are multiple ways that this system can help teachers in determining how a student feels. these things such as knowing if the student is confused about a topic or if they are in a bad mood or not. the facial action coding system would be of value for these reasons. first off, this techology can classify the six main human emotions. those which are sadness, happiness, anger, disgust, fear, and being surprised. scientists have used the mona lisa picture as a way to help their research. as you know, leonardo da vincis painting, mona lisa, is a painting that relays many emotions or faces in the picture. we are not able to tell if she is smiling or not, if she is angry or not, if she is happy or not, and etc... the system was able to detect the emotions of the painting, so if used on students, teachers will know what a student feels when a student puts on an undetectable face. furthermore, the use of thistechnology in classrooms will benefit how each student can learn. in the article, it states for example if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this will help students who may be having more trouble in certain subjects in classrooms, by adjusting to their learning style. that way the student may be able to understand more about what they are learning in the way they think. since teachers cannot always detect how students feel about their teaching, the facs can help and describe their expressions on certain lessons that are being taught. another reason as to why this is a valued source of technology for a student is because it can affect the way a classroom atmosphere will be. if everyone is happy, the class will also be happy. it says in the article that ... moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. if students put on a happy face then that will affect how they feel. same with having a sad, mad, or surprised face. with this technology, since it is able to detect emotions by the facial structure, students can change their facial structure so that it may affect their actual emotion. this technology can also prove if a student is lying about something. certain muscles in the face, if they are stretched, can determine if a person is being truthful or not. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful in classrooms, this technology can be used to help solve problems occuring in class and be able to figure out the truth. not only that, most human communication is nonverbal incuding emotional communication this technology is also a great way for nonverbal communication between students when they are not able to verbally or physically communicate. overall, the facial action cioding system is a great value of techonology used to determine a students emotional expression. it can help adjust to a students learning type, help better atomospheres, and better a persons emotion. it may also help a student if they are not in a good mood, and may need help from a friend or teacher but not be able to say it, but instead show it. this technology can help a lot for students in many of those ways.