studying other planets can be very helpful. it can provide us with so much information that we might need. in  the challenge of exploring venus, the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. the author says that not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us to many equally endeavors. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size and sometimes the closest in distance. each time humans would sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world, it would not survive the landing for more than a few hours. this this might be the issue why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus. as stated in the article, numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. so, despite all the challenges contributed to venus, its worth of studying. as the article states, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus could have probably support various forms of life, because long ago venus was covered largely with oceans. the article states,  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. until today venus still has some features that are similar to earth. going to study venus is not an easy condition but survivable for humans. its survivable for humans, because at thirtyplus miles above the surface, as to temperture or air pressure, would be close to that of sea level on earth. also, solar power would be plentiful and the radition would not exceed earth levels. peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering from far above the planet would not help, it would provide limited insight on the ground conditions. it would provide us with limited insight on ground because most forms of light cannot penetrate through the dense atmosphere. whats more important is that scientists cannot take rocks or samples of gas from a distance that far. as the article states,  scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. so, studying venus from a far distance is not going to help, they need to get closer despite the risk. studying other planets should not be limited in distance because of danger and doubts. we should expand our studying dispite the dangers. studying venus is worthy pursuit because it might provide some features that are similar to earth.