simply think of a future in which a computer program is able to adjust itself to the needs of a student, a homebody, anyone, just by looking at their face. imagine how powerful and monumental a change like that could be. there would be easier design of virtual lessons to individualize to each student, theres home computer use, such as playing calming music when the computer detects stress, and then theres better facial representation in things such as movies or video games, as our understanding of the expression of emotion and emotion itself grows. although there are some concerns regarding it, the facial action coding system can be slightly modified at worst if such concerns are not settled, and there are plenty of solution and measures to unwarrant such concerns. in order for the a student to successfully learn through a lecture or a class, the number one way to ensure their overall growth as a student is maintain their engagement in whatever activity theyre partaking in. one way virtual classes can become more interactive and individualized from person to person is with the facial action coding system, a system thats capable of reading a person emotion through a complex algorithm and outputting a near exact description of their emotion. this kind of program could create a whole new level of interactivity in lessons by allowing a computer to be able to detect whether the student is engaged or bored, and adjusting the lesson accordingly. not only that, but such a technology would also lead the way into a whole new level of interaction between computers and their users. for example, the facial action coding system could lead the way in paving a path to more support from a computer. for instance, the use of such a program could allow a computer to detect the users emotion and be able to compensate or assist in stabilizing it, such as playing calming music when it detects its user is getting too stressed. lastly a computer with this amount of power would allow the gaming and movie industry to flourish, as a greater understanding and interpretation of emotion will lead to more advanced and more realistic cgi, allowing for more realistic representation and depiction of human faces, and more importantly, their emotion. this innovation could lead to a whole new level of realism and graphical enhancement for both games and movies alike. although the facial action coding system provides a large number of benefits, thats not to say there arent many concerns related to it. one large one is likely the rising concern of granting the computer to much power over us in fear of some cataclysmic event. however, such an event will likely never occur, due to the simplicity of a solution in order to prevent it. such a solution is as follows, simply put in place a safety feature to disable such a system, so as to prevent it from getting out of hand if the case arises. the facial action coding system is overall an incredible advancement in the terms of video games, movies, and computer enhancement in general. allowing for more individualization from person to person on how the computer is able to respond to their emotion, from individualized lessons similar to a human teacher, to more enhanced visual representation and expression of emotion in video games and movies.