have you ever wanted to be a seagoing cowboy? what is that you ask a seagoing cowboy is a person that hepls countries that have been demolished from wars. the seagoing cowboys give the countries food supplies, animals, and much more! if you decide you would like to become a seagoing cowboy, you will get to see astonashing sights in many different places of our fantastic world. you can be a watchman or simply just take care of the animals. on the ship you will never grow lonesome because there are many other people on the ship as well. they play games such as baseball, volleyball, tabletennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and these games will make time go as quick as a blink of an eye. this may sound like a jackaround job, but its not. you may not boondoggle your work, be tenacious to your fellow coworkers, or take a break when you are not told to do so. the only exeptiontion is using the bathroom. you might encounter some surreal moments, but dont worry it happens to the best of us. you will be payed, but your pay determains on how hard you work. if you get sea sick this is probably not the best job for you because we do a great amount of traveling on the water. if you can get over your sea sickness, then you will be able to see tons of amazing sights. back to the working part the animals you will be around will be horses, young cows, and mules. if you have experience with hard work then this is the perfect job for you. the job may seem difficult at first, but your fellow coworkers will be there for you. you will be fed breakfast, lunch, and dinner. since you will be working so hard during the day, there will be a refriderator on the bottom floor that you are welcome to at any point during the day. there will be a break time at approxamatley twelvethirty, where we all get together, play cards, and eat lunch. after lunch we will continue our work until seventhirty thats when we will have dinner. you will be awaken at four oclock a. m. every morning and be fed breakfast. after breakfast we will go clean the cattle stalls on the second floor. if you think this isnt the job for you please tell other people in your neighborhood, nearby restraunts, convent stores, or if you want your kids to have a job they will be watched carefully. the teens must be over eightteen years of age. this is a great program, and we hope we have a ginormaous amount of people abording this ship is two weeks. if the job doesnt work out for you please give me a oneweek notice that you will be deciding to leave. we will not be mad just glad you decided to give it a try. i thank you ahead of time if you are joing our program. please, dont delay!