what has the world come to? technology is improving each and every day. people are comming up with new inventions such as iwatches, wireless headphones, and many more amazing gadgets. it crazy how much the world relies on technology now and days. for the most, part people use technology everywheer they go. in the artical, driverless cars are comming , it states pros amd cons of having this invention. i believe that driverless cars can be dangerous! it can also lead to more car accidents. with the driverless cars humans would have no control over the car. this comes to show that the developement of these cars would not be safe for the people across the world. the idea of driverless cars would not be safe because people would not pay attention to the roads as much. as stated in the article, this means the human river must remain alert and be ready to take over when this situation occurs. this specific quote shows that driverless cars can be extremely dangerous. people in the drivers seat would have to be alert at all times. sometimes, people are doing other things in the drivers seat such as falling asleep, on the phone, or just completely not paying attention to the road. these things that were just listed are some of the main reason why there are so many car accidents that occur on the side of the road. in reality, there are certain laws that apply when people are driving. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best avhieved with alert drivers. this quote comes to further prove my point that the idea of driverless cars would not be a good thing. the passage also says, in most states is is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. it is illegal for inventions like driverless cars to be tested. so ... whats the point ? why would anyone want a driveerless car that still needs a driver? this evidence comes to show that driverless car are not neccessary in the world and would just cause more problems. in conclusion, the negative aspects presented in this passage further prove that driverless cars are not safe and are useless if a person is still need in the car just in case.