facial action coding system is a new piece of software that allows people to identify emotions using only a photo, this is revolutionary because it allows scientists to get an idea of what is going on in the photos, kind of like how it would have been like to live in the time period when the photo took place. this essay will be about why technology like that is groundbreaking and why we need more techology like it. in the first paragraph, the reader is introduced to how the mona lisa was used as a test in order to discover what emotion she was displaying when the photograph was painted. the reason that technology like this will be important in helping us in the future, is because of history, while most people would assume that this is unimportant and we dont need to scan photos of historical events and people because we already know all there is to know, but infact its the exact opposite, because we can now scan faces, we are able to go a deeper into history instead of assuming what happened, we are able to go farther into history than we have ever gone before. an example of this is with war photos such as photos taken during the civil war, if scientists were to scan the photos of people in the war, we would be able to better understand the person in the photo, such as if they were scared or angry, if the loss of a fellow soldier, maybe a friend, made them afraid, or if it made them angry and want to avenge their fallen friend, this example i just provided is very possible, evidence for this is in paragraph  where dr. huang states the facial expressions for each emotion are universal which means that no matter what, emotions show up the same regardless of anything. this technology could also be used with teachers. teachers would be able to scan their students to figure out what bores them and what excites them so that they can get the students to pay attention. getting a students attention is always very important because if the teacher doesnt have the students full undivided attention, then the student cant learn the lesson the teacher is trying to teach, and if the student cant pay attention, then he cannot learn, and if the student cant learn what they are being taught, then the student will fail their test which could lead to failing the entire semester. facial scanning technology has come a long way, but it still isnt finished, in the later future we should see major improvements to it altogether. in conclusion, facial scanning technology is a tool that in the future, history will use heavily in order to further understand people of the past and how they felt. in the close future, teachers will be able to scan students faces to reveal how they feel about the subject they are learning, and how it could improve rather than staying the exact same. finally, in the present, we are able to determine minor feelings and responses from faces but it still needs a lot of work before it can fully be complete.