does anyone remeber when google came up with the smart glasses that can do anything? it was said to be the next revolutionary smart item and everyone will either want it, or have it. well, as it turns out, not even half of america bought these stateoftheart glasses. just as the google glasses did not succeed, i believe the same thing will happen to driveless cars. not only will they be extremely expensive to manufacture and buy, but they are also completely unecessary. there are already smart phones that can read fingerprints and buy anything just with a press of a buttoncorrection the press of a screen. also, the cars can even possibly be labeled as unsafe. anyone could go anywhere because there is no specific driver nobody is in control. children could drive off to anywhere they pleased if they felt like doing so. also, as stated in the passage, who will pay for damages and possible hospital bills if there are accidents? it couldnt be the drivers fault, because they werent even controlling the car. it couldnt be the manufacturers fault, because the car worked perfectly for testing, right? driveless cars may be fascinating, but they are not a good idea for an improved way of driving. first of all, these vehicles will be extremely expensive. the united states is already trillions of dollars in debt due to many wars and payments, and yet we still keep spending billions of dollars that we do not have. not only will the cars cost a lot of money to make, but having to remake every single road so that these smart cars can drive on them will cost even more. the amount of construction workers that would have to be paid would shoot numbers through the roof! exactly how much would these cars even cost? guaranteed, the cost of buying these cars will not be equivalent to the average toyota camry or honda civic. the car may use half the fuel needed for regular cars, but they will cost a lot more than gas. secondly, these cars are not necessary. they are new! they are exciting! they are the most ridiculous idea to have been considered. so many machines do the work for people and this can result in a fat america. the united states has already been depicted as the most unhealthy country. if these cars can drive themselves, anyone could go anywhere without a driver. if this is correct, then it is possible for a child to possibly drive to the next state if they felt like it. criminals wouldnt need a getwaway driver if all they had to do is hop in the car and press a button. this is an unsafe possibility. although the driverless car may seem fun for people who want a new way to be transported, it is completely unecessary and lazy. finally, the idea of driverless cars may contradict with the law. as stated in the article, there may be some conflict between manufacturers and consumers when it comes to accidents and road problems. if there was an accident between two smart cars, who would pay for the damage? it is difficult to point fingers when both cars are driverless and are not controlled by a person. will the manufacturers have a warranty for the car? will each driver have to pay for damages themselves as if they just broke a cell phone? does a separate insurance come with the car? these are questions that need to be answered if manufactureres want their ideas to sell. in conclusion, driverless cars are not a good idea because they cost money that is not there, they are unecessary and may even be dubbed as unsafe, and the idea contradicts with many laws in different states. just as the google glasses was a bit too much, the driverless cars would meet the same unfortunate fate.