gas prices. car notes. parking fines. these are all expensive things you have to pay for when you consider owning a car. most family get rid of their cars because of having to pay these high prices in order to keep their cars. there are a couple of car free citiesfor example german suburbs is car free because of expensive fees they would have to pay just to have a space to park in,.but there are only two places to parklarge garages at the edge of the development,where a carowner buys a space,for ,,along with a home.these families would have to spend , along just to park their car in a large garage,it makes it easy for them to make the decision not to own a car because prices are so high. having to buy a parking space for that much and still having to buy a home along with the , can cause a lot of stress on family providers because they have to basically spend all their money on one high priced itema car! you can become much happier without a car knowing that you dont have to spend all your money on this one item that could break down on you at anything,as a result, percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here.. for example, this mother of two is much happier without owning a car,when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way.the mother of two became much happier because she no longer had to pay these high fines,fees,gas prices,and car notes that others had to pay for. it was other was to get around that you didnt have to bother coming out of pocket for such as,public transit was free of charge from friday to monday. this was a big help to limiting car usage. studies show that the percentage of driving has dropped tremendously from  to . most of the reason for the driving percentage dropping was gas pricesit began to get to high,president obama tried to do something about it as much as he could.president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions,unveiled.fewer cars were seen on the roads driving,recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars,driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by.it caused people to not drive their cars and take public transortation or not go anywhere at all. it got to the point wherecashstrapped americans could not afford new cars. some of the advantages to limiting car usage are just what us as americans wantneed to hear because its really expensive. its not just about buying a car and running it off of airyour car takes gas,car notes,needs servicing every once in a while its not easy owning a car. studies show how much the driving percentaged dropped keeps dropping because of high expensive prices that we have to pay to own a car.