people always say that the future of technology is here. the cartoons of rockets blasting off into space have become a reality allowing astronauts to walk on the moon. cell phones allow users to call, message, and interact with others from relatively anywhere. cars have been designed to reach speeds well over onehundred milesperhour. in the article, driverless cars are coming, the author presents postive aspects of driveless cars to demostrate reasons why support for the development of autonomous vehicles is needed. autonomous cars are a breakthough technology, and just like any other new invention, there is a demand for improvement. the development of these driverless cars will make the lives of the passenger easier, will make roads safer, and make road trips enjoyable. cars are expected to be, capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. this ability for these machines to run on their own will mean less work for the person sitting in the drivers seat. of course, anyone in these cars will have to be alert enough to take over whenever something unusual is happening on the road, but that is minimal compared to the work of actually driving. a major part of these vehicles is the, lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. this sensor, which is placed on the roof, is alert at all times and can take in information of any d object in a cars surrounding area for a relief of a sense of danger. these cars, allowing far better response and control than a human driver, are making the roads safer. the sensors and technology in these cars and so fast to act because of their programming that a human could not manage to keep up. manufacturers are working on bringing incar entertainment which will make the experience in one of these driverless cars even more enjoyable. the vehicle is coded to alert the driver and shut off all entertainment systems when it is in a position in which the driver must regain control. this feature is safer to the driver because when someone is looking at their phon, they are not paying attention to the road, but in an autonomous vehicle there is always someone or something in attention. support for the development of autonomous vehicle is needed to change the future of driving. the workload of the dirver for a roadtrip in minimized to a point where they are in control a very small percentage of the time. roads become safer due to the sensors and code in the cars which allow them to react faster than humans. just as importantly, road trips will now be enjoyable to passangers with the entertainment that can be provided when not having your own foot on the gas. the possibility for improvement is endless, and with autonomous cars driving their way into our economy, the future si finally here.