in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author explains reasons why the human race should study the planet venus. the author presents ways how nasa for example, is trying to gain knowlegde of thr planet and thinking of ways to make that happen. with saying the planet is very interesting the author provides counter arguements on why people shouldnt study venuns, and thats because of thr many dangers it has. even if the planet is dangerous, the author still suggests that studying the planet is worth the time, and its presented by saying how alike venus was like earth, the very different atmospere it has, and finally how studying the planet can lead to new innovations for our own planet, earth. the first way the author suggests why venus is interesting to study, is by saying desribing the different kind of atmospere it has. by starting of the author goes right into their idea by saying how the tempertures, pressures, and what we would call natural disasters are much different then the conditions on earth. for example in paragrapgh  when the author say venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, it makes the readers curious because they want to know why the conditions are very different. the author may include the dangers of the planet, but says them in a way the readers enage more curiousity on the planet. which is why the author suggests the planet is worth studying because of its difference. despite the conditions of the planet venus now, the author also includes that venus was once similar to our own planet. in the article in paragraph  the author states that venus is like our sister planet and also that astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, and because of this heshe presents their ideas well its just makes the idead of studying the planet more important. in the rest of the paragraph the author includes that venus was onced covered in oceans and had various forms of life just like our own planet. by including this detail readers can see that studying the planet isnt only important because of the many differences it has, but because if it was once like our own planet, how would the planet just drastically change? finally the last deatil the author includes to suggest that venus is worth the time to study it, is by saying how many researchers are working on new innovations that would allow our own technology to last longer here on earth. in the last few paragraphs mainly are about how nasa is working on new technology to be able to last long enough the dangerours planet, but in paragraph  the author implies that by gaining new information on earths sister planet helps the human race improve their daily lives when heshe states systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. by making new technology to last long enough on the inhospitable planet, scientists can learn to make better technology to last longer on earth. so by including the details of how venus has such different conditions, how it was once similar to the planet earth, and how studying the planet can lead to new inventions for our planet, the author supports his idea that studying venus is worth the pursuit. the author suggests that the details are not only fascinating, but also important in in learning how planets drastacially change. because venus now has a very hot and dangerous atmosphere, understanding that it was once like earth, helps scientists know more about earth. if venus did have oceans and life, scientists can make new technology to better take of earth so it doesnt end up dangerours and hot like venus. the author suggusts that stuyding venus is worth the pursuit because researchers or scientists can learn better ways on how to take care of earth.