are selfdriving car the next advancement in car technology? selfdriving cars are the future of transportation. selfdriving cars can be easier for the driver, safer for the passengers and pedestrians, and make smarter choices for drivers. selfdriving cars easier on the drivers. when somebody drivers for long periods of times it puts strain on the eyes and mind. with this strain on the driver they could not be as sharp or fast reacting as they should be while driving. a selfdriving car would take the strain off of their eyes and mind keeping them alert and focused when the time to drive comes. like a gps the selfdriving car could choose the fasted path to when you want to go. the car would recieve information as a gps or phone would and take the path with the least time spent driving. these cars would be able to make smarter choices for drivers. the car would be able to detect crashes or other road hazard and stop or avoid these things. the car would also warn the driver when there are hazards ahead that they may not be able to see with their eyes. when an ambulance or police car is coming these cars would know to move out of the way to make room for them before the driver even knows that they are coming. these new cars would be safer. if somebody tried to hijack a persons car the car could stop or freeze similar to a kill switch so they couldnt steal it. without the humans driving most of the time there would be no human error such as going too fast or not seeing an animal, human, or an exit. depending on the terrain the car could judge how fast to go when to brake or where different hazards are in the road that the human could not see. yes, there are several drawbacks to the car. it could malfunction on the operator and not work how its supposed to. there are many risks to this but there is a risk in anyhting we do. before the car is realsed to the pulbic there would be many tests it would go through to work out most of the errors in the system. the cost is another factor to consider, but like any new product the price will drop over time and be more affordable to the public. selfdriving cars are the future. they are safer for everybody. they have the ability to make smart choices that the driver could not make. they are even easier to use than your traditional car. overall yes, selfdriving cars are good and can be benificial to every day life for drivers and even other people not in the car.