teaching in a classroom setting is something that has been happening sucessfully for centuries now, dating way way back before technology was even being thought about. this goes to show technolgoy is not needed, but maybe sonetimes helpful. in a classroom setting peices of technology such has things like computers can be super helpful when doing things such as writing an essay, and acessing information online, however when taken too advancely it can become more of a joke, and a distraction to students. thats where the facial action coding system comes into play. the facial action coding system theoretically seems to be a good idea but in reality its an expensive toy. there are many other proven effective ways to teach in a classroom, and somethings are boring to learn about but you still have to know them, so just sit still, relax, and learn. the first thing you notice when walking into a classroom is usually the students who are choosing not to spend their time wisely rather than the students who are. this is because students who choose be off task are often distracted by technolgy and gaming which is a lot more noticable to the human eye. these students are taking advantage of technology provided and using it for bad. so why would we put the facial action coding system in schools when it is expensive and would be used as a toy? thats right, we wouldnt. when used for other purposes we also risk crashing which is another thing that would take up more time rather than taking that time for the students to be taught. everybody learns in differnt ways for example take the idea of studying for a spelling test. some kids learn by writing it down multiple times, some kids learn by hearing it being spelled, others learn best by repeating it. there are so many way for kids to learn so by adding the facial action coding system into schools youre assessing kids on how much they enjoy what they are learning about, and not how much information they are actually gaining. which bring me to my next point. not every kid is going to be excited about everything they learn. yes, some books are boring, and who wants to learn about what cells are made of, and who cares who invented the lightbulb, but these are all things kids are going to learn anyways. not everything is going to be fun. sometimes you just need the facts. making kids excited about a topic all comes from the influences of other people being excited about a topic and feeling that positive energy around them. if a computer screen told you you were bored, it wouldnt make you less bored. the facial action coding system is not all bad. there are some good parts about it. in the pasage the author talks about how a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. to recognize when a student is confused is a powerful thing, because when more students are confused they dont always like to say it, however the facial action coding system is an expesive way to tell if a student is confused. if a child is confused they should say something. this allows students to build up selfconfidence. all in all the facial action coding system has both pros and cons, however the cons over power the pros making this tool not valuable in a classroom setting. it is an expensive toy that should be used for other purposes. not to say there is no good uses for the facial action coding system, but it is just not valueable in a classroom setting.