join the seagoing cowboys today! have an unreplacable experience where you will see places youve never seen, learn to understand the difficulties of other countries, get great characteristics. read on to find out the amazing adventures and benefits of a seagoing cowboy. being a seagoing cowboy, you will be able to see things you would only see in magazines. places like milan, venice, china, rome, greece, and many other extravagant sites. you will get to learn about peoples cultures and environments in the process of this job. since ive been a seagoing cowboy i have been to sites like europe and china. also experienced going to the acropolis in greece, it was mesmerizing. understanding what it is like on other countries is extremely hard to do when youre living in the same country your whole life so, venture out! becoming a seagoing cowboy you will become grateful for what you have because you will become aware of how many people are without food, water, and shelters. places like china punish people for having certain religious beliefs. you will get to know first hand how much people need the supplies you are giving to them. this duty will give you characteristics like perserverance, selflessness, and courage. you could also inspire other people. you will gain perserverance by not quitting when people most need horses, young cows, and mules, among other things. to persevere when you have to clean out the horrorendous stalls where the animals stay. you will also gain selflessness when the ship is in the middle of an ocean and there is no lifeline to reach out to when a hurricane or storm comes. the courage comes from you going to foreign countries where there are harsh people that may kill you. you have the opportunity to inspire other personal to lend a hand to places around the world. the experience is already unbelievable, but then you get to meet and know other people. it could be people that work there, or people from other countries. you never know when you will meet someone you grow fond of. you can play games with the people on the ship. you can enjoy playing baseball, volleyball, tabletennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and card games. although you are risking your life, you are risking your life for a great cause, an incredable experience, and a chance to meet new people. you can visit places like venice, understand the difficulties in other countries, gain excellent characteristics, and meet new persons. you get the reward of seeing needy people with a smile on their joyous faces because of the supplies you are giving them. the supplies they need to over come the effects of world war . then with your help, they can eventually start to rebuild their country and civilization. this trip of a life time can only be described as unbelievable, shocking, and jawdropping. so, are you ready to join the seagoing cowboys?