car free cities cities in europe and parts of the united states have taken a new trend, car free cities, this may be weird but the amount of good that comes from not having cars is increible. cars cause a greenhouse gases which are really bad for the environment. limiting car usage has many advantages and can help everyone. a place known as vauban, located in germany has over , residents and only  percent of them own cars and  percent sold a car to move there. people said that they lived much better lives without a car in source , smog and toxic car feums dont clog the city air allowing it to be free for people to walk outside and smell the fresh air. some cities even enforce not to drive, such as paris if you drive through certre areas you will be fined euros . enough smog clear after people saw they were getting fined. there are some areas of the united states where greenhouse gas emissions are  percent, not only does this cause health related problems but also the it effects the environment, to help this the environmental protection agency is promotingcar reduced communities, and legislators are starting to act. this means that bills will be past to have certin areas have cars reduced. this increible idea really helps everyone and will help the future, some say its the end of the car culture. different bills are being passed to help communities reduce emission of the gases that come from cars that effect the environment and certin health problems. such as new york, they started a new bikesharing program. some people within the ages of  have started new proritys and have organized themselfs to not need the use of a car. this is a prolong goal to help the environment and people, to create a better future. the excutive chairman of ford motor company. has laid out a business plan for a world in which vehicle ownership is impractical or undesirable.source even car companys see the cars are bad and want change for a brighter future. limiting car usage or even no cars at all only have pros and is a very good idea for people who like to plan a good future and live in the suburbs. cars are bad for the environment and should be reduced to help out.