in the article  making mona lisa smile, the author starts off by saying the percentage of the different effects mona lisa has in her smile. he states that shes  percent happy ,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. the use of the new technology called  the facial action coding system in my opinion does not tell you how your honestly feelings. there is no way the computer can see the way you are feeling , just by smiling at the screen does not mean that you are happy. people smile at the screen all the time and has different feelings. weather the computer can determain how you feel the only person how actually knows how you feel is you and yourself only. a computer can not recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel. there is no way the computer will let you know how you feel , the article is basically saying that just be smiling or looking at the computer it can determine how you are feeling. once getting to paragraph  it starts saying how the facial action coding system works they start off by telling us how the process begings,  the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. from that sentance in the article it is basacilly saying how the computer has a d sensor on it, and when placing your head infront of it it will scan your muscles and from there determine the way you are feeling. as humans we perform this same impressive calculation everyday. it is hard for a person to determine how ypu are feeling with just facial expressions , for example i could have a smile on my face but inside i could be feeling sad or mad and only i would know no one else. so the d sensor they have on the computer to determine the way you are feeling is not true , a computer can never determine the way you are feeling it can never say that you are  percent happy and  percent sad , it does not work like that. only you and you only know the way you are feeling and thats it. so no a computer can not determine the way you are feeling it can not determine the percent of nothing only you know how you feel and nothing else knows how you feel.