you know we are getting near the future when you hear someone mention about driverless cars. driverless cars are one of the new technology car manufacturers are trying to build in our world. it seems like a good idea but there are going to be problems that might occur. for example, the cost to build one and how much indivivuals have to pay for one, how dangerous it can be to have one, and what happens if the technology starts going crazy. the cost to make a driverless car will probably leave your wallet empty and your paycheck gone in an instant. today, regular cars are even too expensive for some to own so now just think of the future of driverless cars. a radar is something a driverless car will need and stated in paragraph , radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. car manufacturers would not just make you pay two hundred million for a car but, even if they do a little tweaking to get a approximate and appropriate price, that driverless cars would still be in the hundred of thousands. there is no way an average indivivual would waste a lot of money over vehicles that drives by themselves. the car manufactors will test out the cars over and over again to make sure everything is fine and okay with the car. yet, with technology, there are possibly going to have some problems occur at any time. technology is so unpredictable and riding something that have an unpredictable life span can be so uncomfortable. if something were to happen to the vehicle, as stated in paragraph , if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer?, who would take the blame? if its the indivivuals, they would go and file lawsuits to the car manufacturers if anyone is injured serverly or their vehicle is not working anymore. lastly, when driverless cars do come to the world, it might not even be fully driverless. nowadays, there hasnt been a driverless car tested and used where the rider has to still drive it. in paragraph , it states, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. sure, they will advance in their knowledge and technology will become better where it will be totally driverless but they could still have times were the driver should be prepared for any alerts where they might have to take the wheel and drive. theres no stop to car manufacturers when it comes to making those driverless cars. yet, they still have their dowfalls like would the cost be afforable, is the technology even good enough to stay stable, and is it really going to be driverless. even with the downfalls, there might be positives of having a driverless car. remember being safe is better than having a nicer, newer car.