is driving cars manually a thing in the past? some people think and hope so. the new topic of having driverless cars might be the next big thing. there are some people out there that think that having these cars might be unsafe for people and the result is that it is illegal to test and drive computer driven cars in some states. i do believe that having these types of car will be great for our future. i think that having cars that are driverless would be a great thing. people saying that these cars are very unsafe and banning them from different states is nonsense. in the passage it says, in fact, none of these cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills.... this tells the reader that they are still manualed by the driver, the car just can do some of the easy things but cant do tough things like driving through work zones and around accidents. there are some concerns about the car that would most definatly needed worked and studied on to make sure the car is safer and better for the people. a major problem that this car would have would be getting into accidents. in the passage it talks about the accidents and says, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer?. this is a very big problem because right now, no one knows whos fault it would be. if the driver was sitting back and letting the car drive its self and its crashes into another car or an object, whos fault is it? this is a major concern for a lot of people and the people making these cars however can be solved by lots of studying and testing for the cars. this is why that having these cars that are driverless would be a great idea. in conclusion, having driverless cars might seem crazy to some people and seem like there is no way it would happen. lots of studing and testing have gone into this idea because some people want a dream to become a reality. these driverless cars are big concerns but in the long run might be safer to people then just normal cars. having driverless cars would be very good for us to have in the future.