why do we keep this despised method of choosing the president when  of american citizens want a popular vote instead? this is an outdated method and viewed as anachronism by many. while some say that it creates a more stable outcome, it is a winnertakeall system where not everyones votes count. the election of the president should be based on popular vote because it is unfair that not everyones votes count, their is a chance of a tie breaking out, and the disaster factor because so much could go wrong. although it seemed like a good idea at the time, it is unfair and irrational to all voters in the united states. it is injustice that not everyones votes count under the electoral college. the process of the electoral college consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president, and the counting of votes by congress. voters are directly related to this because the popular vote of a state usually gets the electoral vote of the state. this is good for the majority but what about the minority. the electoral college is a winnertakeall system so their voice does not get heard. if a voter is democratic in texas it would be a waste of time voting, because most of texas is republican and the  votes would go twords a republican. if it was based on popular voting then the minority would get a say and could help. one of the most worrying situations is the prospect of a tie in electoral votes. because the electoral college is made up of an even  electors, their is the possiblilty of a tie. if that were to happen, then the electin would be thrown into the house of representitives, where state delegations would vote on the president. this would be a problem because some states, such as wyoming, would only get one or two votes but others, like california, would get more than thirty. also, the house of representitives would vote for the canidate they want, not reflecting the will of the people at all. if a tie seems unrealistic, just remember in , , votes would have created a complicated mess. moreover, their is the disaster factor, their are many problems and kinks in the system and some of these can destroy the system. the worst one we ever expiriednced is the recounts in florida in . the state legislature could always pick electors that will defy the people. in , the louisiana state legislature almost changed democratice electors with ones that would vote againts john f. kennedy. also in , hawaii sent two states of electors to congress. perhaps the worst is a partys canidate casting a vote for whomever they please, ignoring the people. this is one of the biggest downsides of the electorial college. the electorial college is no longer usefull or democratic. if instead we vote the president on popular vote we wont expirience the unfairness to voters, the problems of a tie, or the disaster factor. it can help in some situations but for the most part is spurious at best. the electorial college is outdated, unfair, and non democratic and should be replaced by a popular vote.