man conquered its environment with advancements and technology, they make life easier but some are harmful to our environment. automobiles were derived from carriges but unlike carriges automobiles requiered some kind of power to run on. most vehicles in modern day run on gasoline, diesel, or electricity. they make transportation easier for us but like every good apple it has its rotten side. fumes produced by the burning of diesel and gasoline are harmful to our ozone. the fumes produce a greenhouse like effect and trap in the heat contributing to global warming. although desiel engines have improved and are now cleaner our atmosphere is still taking a sucker punch. almost every family in the united states owns an automobile, thats millions and millions of people driving increasing carbon emmisions. if less people used their personnal vehicle they could save money and diminish the amount of pollution produced by their automobiles. there is no way we can obliterate car use because we have built our world centered on car use but we dont have to stop driving we could simply reduce our impact by using public transportation, walking or riding a bicycle. walking or driving a bicycle could relieve stress while commuting and traffic jams increase your stress level do something for yourself and our environment and decrease your stress level. the are many many reasons to decrease our reliance on automobiles yet even with many benefits we refuse to do our part. the amount of fossil fuels available in earth is limited, in the past decades we have used much of it there will soon come a day when we will experience a shortage of fossil fuel. the day will come regardles of anything because of our relaince in this source of power but we can slow down its arrival by using less. americans use thousands and thousands of dollars a year to fill up their tanks, when they could walk or car pool and save money. they could use that money to pay bills, make improvements in their home or make a college found for their kids. yet many preffer to drive and just burn their money away. the use of public transportation doesnt only save you money it can increase your comminities economy. while im all for saving money there is a greater cause then just saving money. although is obvious we could all use a few extra bucks in our wallet we could also use a healthier planet. we breath in the fumes that automobiles produce, carbon is not good for us its a health hazard. we are polluting the air we breath our body needs oxygen not carbon and yet thats a high percentage of what our lungs inhale. there is also the concern that carbon emissions are causing holes in our ozone layer. the ozone protects us from all the harmful rays that the sun emmits like uvrays. there has been an increase of people sufferring from skin cancer in the last decade. why you may ask, well carbon emissions make holes in our ozone layer which in essance allows harmful sun rays to reach us. with a certain amount of exposure to radiation our cells experience mutations caused by the harmful rays and essancially give birth to cancer. many people die because of this disease and we lament their loss but not enough to make a change. pollution produced by automobiles has many negative effects on our environment, and health. we could decrease the damage by doing our part and leaving our car parked in the garage. if saving money and having a cleaner environment isnt a good enough reason to limit you car usage then do for your own health. there is more to life then just driving impatienlty in a car you could walk and enjoy nature. our reliance on cars is unhealthy for us and our environment. we are polluting our beautiful planet and causing an increase of health hazards. there is only so much fossil fuel left we can waste it all at once or make it last a little longer. i myself enjoy the pleasure of just driving to a store rather than walking but i preffer a healthy environment over a car ride. do your part walk, take a bus, or car pool with your friends. every grain of sand counts.