the challenge of exploring venus imagine getting the chance to learn about outer space. the author supports the idea that studying venus is worth pursuit despite dangers it presents by explaining to us that its worth having knowledge of venus, and nasa is coming up with new ways to do so. the author tells us that we have no knowledge based on venus and the dangers shouldnt stop us. so is it worth taking a risk. in the article,  the challenge of exploring venus  the author tells us that venus is worth learning about. the author mentions, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well one been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the author also adds,venus still has some feature that are analogous to those on earth. the planet planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains,and craters. the author uses eyecatching facts so that the reader can start thinking and maybe change the readers mindset. beside having knowledge of venus the author adds that there are safer ways to study venus. the authors tells us , nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. the author explains to us that new technology is being created so that we have less dangers observing venus. finally, were being explained that eventually were going to face things far more dangerous than venus. the author includes, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. we can comprehend that the author doesnt want doubts to stop us from making risky decisions. instead, we should make our imagination bigger. in conclusion, the author basically uses eyecatching facts and motivates us to think twice if venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. so now think about it . is it worth having knowledge of something as special as venus. the author sure thinks so!