the author suggests that studying venus would be scientifically productive despite the dangers the planet has. this is because venus was once a planet like ours that could sustain life and had oceans. knowing why it became what it is today would help our understanding of taking care of the earth. it is also a worthy pursuit because the distance is not very far and time consuming. exploring venus despite its intimidating aspect would also be the start of many dangerous explorations the human race will complete. even though at present time venus is nothing compared to earth, astronomers believe that venus had similar attributes to earth. the planet contained features that represented venus was covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth paragraph . since there is a possibility that venus had oceans, water could have supported various forms of life. at present time, many of the planets we study do not show attributes that are similar to earth or were similar to earth before until we noticed venus. if we are able to study venus despite the dangers it holds, we could grasp more information on why it lost its life sustaining resources. knowing this information could be used as a fundamental source of how to keep the life sustaining resources in earth alive. since venus is close to earth, it would be very beneficial for our planet to consume little resources and still be able to reach venus for scientific productivity in a short time. astronomers realize that if they want to visit a planet, venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit paragraph . astronomers know that far space travel requires too much time, so if we are looking for information of a planet, venus can be our nearest option for a planetary visit. if we were to make machines that are durable for the conditions in venus, the resources we need from earth will be less than compared to journeys we would have taken far away to other planets. this would be becuase venus would only require a certain amount of energy to get there and get safely back. another advantage to visiting a planet that is close to the earth would be the short time that it takes. the information could be recorded when making scientific experiments and the information would come back to earth to classify faster than compared to getting information from long journeys in deep space. the author also supports the idea that we should explore venus despite its dangers because as life progresses, we will encounter many explorations just as dangerous as venus. the author believes human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors and they should not be limited by dangers and doubts paragraph . since we will encounter many equally intimidating endeavors, it is only resourceful that we start now with the exploration in venus. in order to get a basis understanding of what is around us, our fear cannot be influenced by the dangers and doubts that many claim. the author suggests it is our responsibility to do whatever is necessary to improve our knowledge of the planets despite the dangers that influence us to stop. although the author does describe the challanges that we would face if we were to visit venus, the information we would obtain from the visit would be more important. the author suggests this because venus has a close distance to earth and we should take advantage of that. once there, we would gain information about how a planet that was once similar to ours became inhabitable. with that information, we would become aware of the dangers that venus experienced and help earth not reach such a magnitude to where it would also become inhabitable. also, taking a step forward into explorations that are deemed too dangerous for us will break our limitations of danger and doubt. we would be able to explore anything that fascinates us.