venus the author supports his idea of studying venus despite the dangers by relating venus to earth. the author evaulates venus as a challenging place to examine. venus is a plant, they sometimes call venus the evening star. the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit because it was once an earthlike planet. venus is also the nearest option for a planetary visit. the author suggest that venus is worth studying because venus is the closest planet related to earth. in the article it says, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the text from the article tells us that in the solar system venus has similar features to earth. in the article it also says,the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this text is mentioning the features that venus has that relates to earth. we can evaluate that the author supports studying venus because the author wants us to meet our imagination and innovations. the author says, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by danger and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. the text is telling us that danger should not stop us from expanded what we want to accomplish. in the article it also states, many researchers are working on innovations that allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. the danger of going to venus is not stopping researches from creating machines that will acknowledge venus at some point. nasa and the author are both interested in the study of venus. in the article it says, nasa has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus... possible solution to the hostile conditions. furthermore, nasa is planning ways to send humans to venus without humans being in danger. however it will be difficult to send humans to venus because the air pressure would be close to sea level on earth. which means that it is survivable for humans but it will not be an easy with those conditons. in conclusion, venus is worth studying because it is the closest planet we got to earth that can possiblly be survivable to humans. even though they have sent silicon carbide to venus it will take time for something electronic to stay in venus for a while due to the atmosphere. it will be take a lot of work to study more of venus.