a new software has been developed that improves accuaracy in perceiving the emotions of others. this new software has promsing applications for a variety of industries. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it can make learning more interesting, its accurate, and to develop better ways for humans and computers to communicate. using the facial action coding system in a learning environment could help make education more interesting. to make learning more interesting, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. the same technology can make computer animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. dr.huang states,most human communicaton is nonverbal,including emotial communication so computers need to understand that,too. this means that computers would need to know nonverbal communication. along with making learning more interesting, the facial action coding system is really accurate. the facs begins when the computer constucts a d computer model of the face. all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. dr.paul eckman classified six basic emotions and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. dr.huang even observes artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. in addition of the facs being accurate, it develops new ways for humans and computers to communicate. the facs developed new ways to communicate in various ways. it tracks facial movements by weighing the different units. the software can identify mixed emotions. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. in conclusion, the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. the use of this technology is valuable because it can make learning more interesting, its accurate, and it develops better ways for humans and computers to communicate.