many countries are pushing towards less cars, ultimatelycreating a better world. by limiting car usage, drivers all around the world can limit greenhouse gas emissions that cause air pollution, take away some of the stress on young and old drivers concerning money and confidence at the wheel, and make cities become healthier, along with the people in them. stated in source in german suburb, life goes on without cars, passenger cars in europe create  percent of greenhouse gas emissions and up to about  percent in the united states. these cars, primarily owned by the middle class, create an enormous amount of pollution. paris had to ban half the cars from driving for a whole day because of the thick layer of smog that had developed source paris bans driving due to smog. in fact there was almost as much smog as beijing, which is known for being a very polluted city. in bogota, the capital of colombia, businessman carlos arturo plaza believes a carfree day is a good oportunity to take away stress and lower air pollutionsource carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. in source the end of car culture, sociologist relay that transportation is the second largest source of americas emission. less cars would lower stress levels for all ages. in source , paragraph , a mother of two and media trainer, shares that with a car she was much tense. now that she lives in a town where there are not as many cars, she is much happier. paragraph , in source  shows why many americans have stopped getting cars. some are not in an economic position to buy them, so they use alternatives like biking and carpooling which are just as effective. in paragraph  of the same source, a sociology professor named mimi sheller informs that people can use the internet to get many things instead of driving to a store. this factor also relieves stress on those not confident with their driving ability or unable to drive. not using cars as much has led to cities growing and becoming closer at the same time. in the city of vauban, germany, stores are placed closer so walking is quicker and healthier than taking an automobile paragrph , source . bogota has constructed  miles of bicycle paths in response to the positive feedback of carfree days theresource , paragraph . the next paragraph shows how recreational settings have received a lot of business and the city has created new buildings. paragraph  from source  tells how more desireable cities have brought more people in, creating a smaller need for cars to drive from suburb to city, and then back to the suburbs again. bill ford, the executive chairman for ford, informs that all transportation methods save time, conserve resources, and lower emissions, in turn improving safetyparagraph , source . in conclusion, limiting car usage will impact the globe very positively. less gas emissions will create a healthier world. less stress on people will propel production in work and other fields and more urbanized cities allows people to interact with each other even greater than in other settings.