in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author explains that venus is an extremly dangerous planet. the author also suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. due to the fact that venus is extremely dangerous for human exploration it would be extremly unreasnable for humans to explore the planet. the first reason why it would be unreasnable for humans to explore the planet is because the atmospere is extremly thick and tempatures are really hot. this is true because in paragraph  the author explains that the atmospere is  percent carbon dioxide. . .. in this paragraph the author also explains that the tempature is so high that it would not only kill any human on the planet, but it would also cook them! this is true because in paragraph  the author stated on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit which is almost double the temperature that you cook a turkey at! another reason why it would be unreasnable for humans to explore the planet is because some simplified electronics cannot last much longer than  weeks in venuss conditions! this is true because in paragraph  the author states some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this statement by the author basically proves that any human involvement on venus would be even more dangerous than previously thought because these custom made electronics are only lasting three weeks which makes the reader understand that a human in these conditions would only last an hour tops! the last reason why it would be unreasnable for humans to explore the planet is because of the dangerous terrain of venus. in paragraph  the author states that the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes . . . features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this shows the reader that not only is the atomasphere and temperature extremly dangerous but the terrain of the land is rough. this proves to the reader that human involvment at all on venus is just far to risky! the article the challenge of exploring venus explains to the reader that exploration of venus is nesacary but unreasnable for human involvement. the reasons why it is unreasnable for human involvment include the atmospere is extremly thick and tempatures are really hot, some simplified electronics cannot last much longer than  weeks in venuss conditions, and because of the dangerous terrain of venus. allthough it would be unreasnable for human involvment the author did make it clear that we need to explore venus one way or another.