the author supports this claim since he talks about how its very hard to travel to venus. the thick atmospere is  carbon dioxide. the average temperature is  degrees fahrenheit. the pressure is  times greater than earths pressure. their are many earth quakes and volcanoes on venus. many astronomers are faccinated by venus since they think a long time ago it was covered by an ocean and had life forms living their. nasa has an idea to send humans to venus to study the planet and its condition. they would send a blimp like vehicle hovering over venisian landscape it would be hovering over venus for about  miles. the people that they send to venus would not have any samples from the planet since they would not touch or be in the surface of venus. nasa knows this is a big risk but they are still willing to take it. they have simulated a kind of material that would be used in venus and it lasted for abouut  weeks. the computers now are fast, powerful and flexible but they can stand the condition venus has. even though its dangerous to go to we should always take risks. we should explore more places but we still dont have thaat kind of technology. venus could be a habitable planet. the idea of sending a blimp like vehicle to venus is smart but dangerous. the blimp would only last  week if it was sent to venus. the blimp has to be floating about  miles away from the surface. the computers indie the blimp would have to be srtong and fast to survive. the planet does not have easy conditions but is suvivable for humans. venus is one of the hottest planets in our solar system. venus is hotter than mercury even though mercury is closer to the sun. the reason venus is hotter than mercury is because of its gases venus contains in its planet. venus is hot enough to liquefy any metal. even though venus is not habitable in its soil we could still live above its soil. we would have to get used to the lightning and massive earth quakes this planet has. its nearly imposible to live in the soil of venus.