although many people see various advantages in creating and having driverless cars, i do not agree with, or support the production of these vehicles. there are many reasons why i dont agree with, or support the production of these vehicles. who in their right mind would ever want to be sitting in an operating vehicle with no driver behind the wheel? safety is always first, no matter what the circumstance. many people would beg to differ, but in my mind, this idea just doesnt make any sense to me. the article states that people have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. in my opion, i dont see how we, as the people of our country, have to do anything. while dr. werner huber stated this, there is a new question that comes to my mind. why should we, again as the people of our country, consider on having any kind of fun with the production of these vehicles. i think, if anything, we should consider being extremely careful with our thinking process when it comes to the production of these vehicles. to me, when i think of a driverless car, the thoughts that come to my mind right away, arent exactly safe thoughts. i believe very firmly that, even if the production of these vehicles actually occurs, we should all take into consideration the many different safety hazzards that would potentially come with the production of these vehicles. if i had kids that were of legal to drive, i sure as heck would never let them even get in a car that didnt have a human being behind the wheel. i think that the idea of driverless cars, is one that needs to be rethought. in my head, if the idea is logical, then the idea will surely work. overall, i dont agree with the idea of producing driverless cars. as the text states, most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. in my opinion, i would like to keep it that way. in order for our future to grow in the automotive industry, we need to be coming up with better ideas than this. although many people would say that this idea is fun, i am not for it.