emotions are hard to read. you think you know what someone is feeling by their facial expression. just take the mona lisa for example. what precise emotions is the woman trying to potray? that is why doctor thomas huang invented the new software that can detect emotions. the new software should be used in the classroom to determine the emotional expressions of students. dr. huang said the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. this means that trying to understand what someones facial expression is saying or how they are feeling is hard to understand. using video imagery, the new emotionrecogntion software tracks these facial movements. the software reads every muscle in the face and its position at the time of the expression. it then determines what the person is trying to communicate through their facial expression. this could be helpful in the classroom by seeing if someone is confused, happy, bored, or tiresome.  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.  this says that the software is capable of keeping the students attentative to the lecture and can help a student understand the subject. the software is also capable of spotting when someone is lying. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. the software could be used in the classroom in the following ways to see if a student really understands a subject, can be used as a lie detector, or can be used if a teacher knows what they are teaching. going back to the facial movements, a student could say they understand something but really they do not. just listed above, the software will detect if the student is lying about that. while some would oppose this software, it would be beneficial to be used in the classroom. this would be the same thing as adding computers to schools. many were against adding computers into schools, but now they are used every day by every student. the government could use this software on interrogation and in the courts stated above, it could be used as a lie detector.