imagine a computer that can tell if youre mad, happy, sad or confused. the facial acting coding system can read your facial expressions and determine your emoitions just as a human can. the system reads the movement of your face muscles to determine how you are feeling. the main feature is that it can help in the classrom to keep kids engaged by telling if there bored or confused. in the article making mona lisa smile, the author shows the use of emotion reading technology is valuable in the classroom. the software can be extremely benificial in a classroom setting helping teachers and student adapt lesson plans to better help the student learn. with the system in your computer it can tell if you are mad or confused and can adapt the lesson to better fill the need of the individuel student. it individualizes each lesson to better fit the need of the student and to help them learn. this not only benifits the student so the lesson better fits them but helps the teacher teach in a way that gives each kid one on one attention it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.  with this system in place classrooms can become more individualized and better reach each students needs while catering to the entire class rather than the individual. the system would act as a human to preform this same impressive calculation everyday like humans do everyday accessing situations. if humans use this it can better expand our knowledge of each other and how each person works. the facial acting coding system not only benifits the students learning but makes the teachers teaching more effective. the use of emotional reading in the classroom is extremely valuable. the system increases the capability of the teacher and the learning of the student. with it classrooms become individually tailored without taking the time of the teacher on one kid. every student is different and has different needs and this software can help make it to schools can better meet the needs. in the article making mona lisa smile, the author shows the use of emotion reading technology is valuable in the classroom.