the planet venus, is known for having a chaotic surface. full of carbon dioxide blankets, clouds of sulfuric acid, temperatures over  degress and atmospheric pressure of  times greater than earth. exploration of this planet, seems difficult for scientists. regardless of that, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. throughout the text, the author provides several counter arguments to support his idea of why venus should be studied up close. the author shows confidence in his research, he has done an exemplary job of finding statements to support his evidence. he makes it very clear that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it may provide. for example, the mentions that the surface of venus is deadly to men. he counters this argument with the idea of a flying blimp, orbitating the surface from far enough to where the radiation will not reach the researchersexplorers. the text reads imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape the challenge of exploring venus. the author provides a reliable source, which is nasa and then proceeds to elaborate on their idea and putting it into appealing words. it is notable that the author has analyzed his idea, and proceeded to support it with solid facts. it is a very interesting text to read, because it is an argumentative essay that discusses with itself. for every arguement, another counterarguement is provided. this keeps the reader involved and the article interesting. the author also mentions the issue with technology, he argues that modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditons the challenge of exploring venus. therefore, he counters this idea by introducing ancient computers used during world war ii, that are more capable of resisting critical physical conditons. the author succeeds to present this article from both sides of the argument. in conclusion, the details provided by the author throughout the article succesfully contributed to his idea. although exploring venus may be a challenge, it is not impossible and further investigation is needed in order to do so. the author argues that humans are very curious about these inditimidating endeavors, but without a doubt it will be a great discovery once it is accomplished.