in the sky late at night there is alway one star really bright. that one bright light is venus the nd planet it is very close to the sun. the planet venus has  dioxide blanks and the clouds are highly corrosive and have acid in them so like those are really bad and can really harm the human skin. venus get up over  degrees i cant belive it would be that hot up on venus jus becuase its i think it relly close too the moon. the studies are really good and spacific i learned new things about venus such as it is the hottest planet of all planets and our solar system. the suface of venus it very rocky and has mountains, vallys and craters. on the planet venus it is very dangorus to go to the planet without any gear or equipment like nasa. venus has no life on the planet i dont think nothing could handle the heat of that planet it has  carbon dioxide blankets, and the numbers of venus are all high so that isnt very good to be in a place like that. the cloulds are also acid so it would be really hard to find cover or to grow food or any source. there is a temperature over  that is just crazy too think about like how could there be a planet over  deggres. the conditions of venus is just very cridical for anything to be on that planet. venus is the closest to the sun so i think that explains how the weeather is so hot and the acid from the clouds make it worse then it all ready is in my opinion. researchers have a ship that orbits the planet venus and hovors safely and they research the planet but they cant take any rock, gas or anthings from a distance. so the planet venus will still be in space and it is an incredible planet to really think about and how everythings works about it. it is very diffrent then earth, i wondering if atleast somethigs lives on the planet venus and if there is how does it keep it self safr and find food. the astronauts that go to the planet venus to see what is happening up there and wear the gear they need to survive. they research the as most as they can to see if the planet is good enough or if it isnt. this would be a great story if the planet venus would be able to be live up there with any dangers but it is to dangorus to be up there.