driverless cars are the next piece of technology that will advance our society. everyday scientists and engineers create new ideas and tech that improve our everyday lives. many companies have took on the task to create this new driverless car with no flaws and many tests are done every day so that there is no problem in this life changing vechicle. a driverless care is a privelage to have to and use and until they are fully functional without any accident they will not be released to the public. i think that a driverless car is a great and innovative idea that will be soon be possible. car companies have already created cars that have different technology that improve the safety of the passengers inside the vehicle. many things like radar, safety cameras, and motion sensors have been put into these newer made vehicles. and this technology is very advanced and efficent to the millions of cars on the road each day. the creation of a driverless car is an intense experiment that will take many years to perfect. and these cars will have many useful items that will increase the value of the car. a car will then have many new devices like antilock brakes, driver assistance, radar, and dubbed lidar. these advancments will increase the safety of the driver and that is a great thing to have in a vehicle. driverless cars are a great thing but only when they are fully functional and operating with no flaws. these cars will change the game in how we get around everyday to work, school, or where ever a person needs to go. google has been testing a driverles vehicle since , and they have already driven half a million milles without a crash. even though they are not fully driverless because a driver is alerted to take over when pulling in and out of drivewars or dealing with complicated traffic issues, these cars can still do alot on their own. and in  mbw announced the development of traffic jam assistant where the car can handle driving function at speeds at  mph and special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. a bmw project manager driver stated we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. and these manufacturers wants to do that by bringing in car entertainment and information systems that use head up displays. which is a great idea in a driverless car. driverless cars are a great idea and very benefical to our world. they will improve the way we travel and transport things. a car was created so that we could get to one place to another a lot quicker and a driverless car is made so that a driver can get into a car without paying a ton of money and just get a ride to wherever they need to go. and although these cars have driven half a million miles on their own they obviously will still need to be tested for a couple more years until they will be released to the public. this creation of a driverless car will be a huge impact to our nations history and will be a great accomplishment.