driveless cars is the next big thing. car inventor, such as nissan, audi, mercedesbenz and more will make cars that are driverless cars. this could change driving forever like the  tv show, the jefferson, where they have flying cars and robots as maids. but this kind of idea could be the next big thing or a blow out. i believe that driverless cars is not a the way to drive in the future due by malfuntioning, accidents and laws. the first reason why it shoudnt be invented because of malfuntioning. you may think driverless cars key factor is safety, thats what they all say. next thing you know their will be recalls over a engine failure or a leakage that could cause a fire. no vehical is the perfect vehical, there will be something wrong with it soon. plus something could be jam, stuck, or not funtioning well such as the stearing well, breaks or the mps meter. something could go wrong and could kill you or your life will be affected by the rest of your life. next lets talk about accidnets. we get it you hit a pole, you call your insurence, then the nearby machanics to fix your care, then the car rental place to rent a car until your car is fix. but lets say it was in this new  nissan driverless car, you can easily sue them by having poor safety or your medical bills something really easy you can do. accidents will never be free, ever. when you hit your car with someone, you have to pay for it. but since it wasnt your fault it was the car fault. easy money which could make the company bankrupt soon then  years. last thing lets talk about new laws that they will add. they could possibly say if you own a driverless car your license point will double per crash. lets say you hit someone and its  every time. well with this car it would be . that means if you hit someone  time with the same car you have to play k to get your license back. plus everyday new drivers from the age  could drive in a driverless car. well lets say  years from now they get a new car but its not a driverless car, the driver will not drive the same because they have lack on knowledge from driving a nondriverless car. in my opinion it was an amazing idea this could be but you have to think smart about what you do. driving is a priverlage not a right. you can drive your whole life safe and your insurance bill could be  or you can be stupid and your insurance bill is . i really suggest you rethink before what you can create. car are meant for a lifestyle not the way you use it. think before you make it in the future.