while having a computer adapt to your emotional state, whether it be bored and change to some activity thats more fun. the usefulness is still not there for computers to read students emotional expressions because a lot of school work could be boring and tedious, but it does not change the fact that we still have to do the work. if computers were doing the job of teachers they would lose their jobs. even if we could know exactly what a student was feeling, are we sure we would want to know? that would be almost like stripping away ones privacy and individualism. using computers to read students emotional expressions should not be used. the purpose of education is not to be more fun than productive, the use of this technology could help students focus, but at the end of the day the work is still inevitable. being angry can only be helped by something you like and im sure you would not like to be doing math homework made fun. until proven effective, this technology should not be applied just yet. teachers should work on the energy in their classrooms therefore, getting better results out students. according to the text, for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. in that case we really dont need any help to tell how a fellow friend or student is feeling. sometimes students are best left to themselves. knowing everything about how they are feeling and when could feel pretty invading. although a computer being able to adapt to a students emotion would be cool, is that technology really neccassary? according to the text, ...it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. if teachers would only work on being effective then we wouldnt all of these shenanigans. students should be surrounded by positivity when they come to school. for that any student should be willing to work and enjoy the process. coming to school should not feel like were being read ourselves as if we were an assignment. what if this type of technology malfunctions? what if a student does not really feel the way the computer is saying it does? getting accused or feeling accused could sometimes trigger a bad emotion in some students. consequently, the use of this technology has no classroom value. can a computer tell how we all think and learn? as a substitute for a teacher, this technology could never be as useful as a teacher who can fully comprehend what a student is having trouble with. we need more advancements in technology in order for a computer to think and act like a teacher would. although technology seems to be very ahead of its time, we still have a long way to go.