the planet venus is a very strange place. scientists have very little knowledge about this earthlike planet with an atmosphere that contains  percent carbon dioxide. venus is one of two closest planets that we can visit and learn about the second being mars. although we have sent vessels to mars to study the area none of them prove a challenge as much as the ones sent to venus do. the extremeities of weather on venus prove pretty difficult to allow spacecrafts to land upon its surface. scientists discribe venus as being the closest planet for planetary visit. if it werent for the the obscurity of venus we would have more information on it. the thick layer of carbon dioxide in venuss atmosphere and a atmospheric pressure which seems to be  times stronger than earths makes it pretty difficult for further inspection up close of venus. if a spacecraft cant land there much less a manned ship. the  degree weather and clouds full of highly corrosive sulfuric acid also causes problems for spacecrafts to land on venus. although it might be tough scientists are not giving up hope on trying to reach venus since it is one planet that closely resembles earth. venus has many similarities to earth such as a rocky surface with sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. it is also higly probable that venuss surface was covered in large oceans wich made it a planet that can support life. if we knew what caused venus to turn this uninhabitable we could figure out a way to reverse it and make it safe to live on. if scientists find a way to land a spacecraft onto venuss surface we could find out if it still has some form of life on it and start a mission to reenable venus to be habitable for humans. even if such a thing is possible it is going to take a very, very long time to figure it all out. the reason scientists arent giving up on the exloration of venus is because of the fact that the human population is growing and growing pretty quick. if we run out of space or resources we dont know what will happen to the future human race. we need venus as a back up plan. venus will serve as a way to expand even without running out of space on earth. either way the exploration of venus is such a neccesity to us that we cant give it up. one day in the future some people will be ble to call venus there home. that is what gives me hope for the future. there is one part of me that thinks what if we never manage to make venus reinhabitable. will natural selecetion take place ? will the human race get diminished by nuclear weaponry? who knows what can take place for our future. all we can do know is to continue to live life to the fullest and hope for the best.