cars are very useful in an everyday life. cars are a source of transportation to people and most of the world uses them. although, now there has been new technologies out that may allow cars to be driven by themselves. these cars could certainly be helpful to many people around the world, but are they really needed? driverless cars might make it easier to travel from placetoplace without a worry, but there are many negative apsects from using them first off, driverless cars can be expensive to build and upgrade. in order to come out with this techonogy all around the world, someone has to be responsible to build them. normal human driven cars are expensive as is but imagine having even more equipment added in order for this driverless car to be safe and useful. these cars need sensors all around in order to detect its surroundings. also the car needs video cameras, a gps receiver, and most importantly a sensor that uses laser beams to build a d model of the cars surroundings at all times. these equipments can cost a great deal of money when there are thousands of these car manufactured. without these the car would not be capable of mimicing the skills of a human driving the car. not only do the cars need newer equipment but the roads also need upgrades in order for these cars to connect and understant what the road ahead will be like. all of these upgrades and equipments can cost people a huge amount of money. adding on, owning a driverless car calls for more responsibility from the owner and more alertness as well. driverless cars could certainly help a driver along the road, but there is a great deal of responsibilities the driver has to take. the driver can not rely on the driverless car one hundred percent of the time due to any mistake it could make. these cars may be smart and pack a lot of new technology but cars and software can make mistakes and in a car they could cause a great deal of accidents. being a driver means having resposibility of the car, the passengers, the road, and any other car on the road along with their passangers. even if the car is able to function without a driver, the driver should be alert on the road for when the car needs help. laws would have to be inforced in order for drivers to make a commitment with these smart cars. driverless cars may be dangerous without an alert and responsible driver on board. lastly, driverless cars could have a chance of backfiring on the owner. if these cars are not bult or manufactured and tested correctly they could cause accidents. relying on the manufacturer is a great part of buying these cars. tests that are not run correctly could ruin the reputation of the cars and cause them to not be bought or even built anymore. technology fails all the time but some times it does not. perhaps during a test the car works fine but in a real world experience it does not, this could be a negative impact on the manufacturer. even if a car were to fail would it be the fault of the owner or the manufacturer? this could be a big problem for the driverless cars. all in all, driverless cars could make life a bit easier to people around the world but there could also be lots of negative things that come with them. driverless cars can be expensive to manufactur. some people would not be willing to pay so the cars could be useless to build. the driverless cars also need upgraded roads to assist them as well as responsible and alert drivers. this could cause trouble on the roads if the drivers rely too much on the car and its technology. driverless cars are a huge advance in technology but could cause lots of trouble along the way.