i think the driverless cars are a bad idea. for example, when you are in an accident, you blame the other person if it is their fault. but with the driverless cars, who are you going to blame the car or the driver? as in the passage states if the technology fails and someone is injureed, who is at fault  the driver or the manufacture? laws are always changing with speed limits, and all kinds of road laws, how will the cars get programmed to go by these new laws. cars has been around since then s and always been a drive. it could prevent accidents with cell phones, but in most states, you are not supposed to have a mobile device out in the first place. i think that is just common sence not being an idiot having a cell phone out. manufactures like truck manufatures, may even make this. what are truck drivers going to do who make money hauling goods? kenworth, feightliner, petebuilt, man, daf, scania, and other truck manufactures. what are the truckers going to do when they do this for a living? trucking companies make money from their drives, are they going to go down. not just trucking either, bus transporations, trams, taxis etc. all of these road transportaion may go down. if people start adding it to civilion vechiles, companise might want it they dont have to pay their divers. then drives lose their jobs. i honestly, dont think this is a good idea. people love to drive. now, you can still take control but its going too much with the technogly in cars. it may prevent the stupid drivers on road with no common sence what so ever. but basically, that is also just common sence, know the laws, and follow them. there is constuction on roads all the time how will the car know when to slow down. also, if you put too much on a computer it gets overwelmed and it stops and has issues which could happen. what about a police officer directing traffic? i dont think that it can do that. is the police going to blame the car or the driver? most likely the driver because they are the one behind the weel. the driver will then say somthing like oh my car did it. but police also will not want this i believe for many safety reasons. school zones, how will cars know if kids are crossing? it could jus go dtright threw and hit someone. if someone is jaywalking which is illegal, but people still do they could get hit tool. what if someone is traveling and then falls asleep then the cars compuers beak down whats going to happen next? an accident is goin to happen. in m opinion, this is a bad idea and this should no be devloped into the roads of all these hazards and that takes a lot of thinking.