gerald was one of the scientists that led the investigation on the face. he had been to college already, so he has been very experienced with these types of scenarios. he used nasas viking , and saw an object that appeared to be a face. he got a closer look later in his career, and it was not an actual face. this was later taken by surprise by the general public, and they still thought that it had to be a real sign of life on mars. because of this research, i believe that the face is just a natural landform. three reasons why i believe this is true are that nasas research has proven this, photographs taken by nasa have shown that this is true, and comparisons to landforms on earth have shown the public that this is the truth. my first reason for stating my opinion would be that nasas research has proven that the face is a landform. an example of this from the text would be that nasa has published many photos of the face to show the public that it was just a landform. to further explain this, if you look close enough at the pictures in this passage, then you can see it is a landform. it may look like a face from a far distance, but evidence given by nasa has shown that this is not the case. my second reason for this is the fact that nasa has taken many photographs of this landform to prove it is true. here is a quote from the text that shows this and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. later in this paragraph, it states that the picture has proven that there was not an alien monument. secondly, as people stated, it was a cloudy day in mars, so they were not satisfied with the picture. so, on april , a cloudless summer day in cydoniamars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. later in the paragraph, garvin, an expert that works with nasa, says this malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. even though it wasnt cloudy, the team of nasa got the same result it is just a landform. my last reason would be that comparisons to landforms on earth have proven that this is true. garvin says in paragraph twelve that it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. what this is saying is that there have been similar landforms on earth that are on mars. scientists can use this data to compare different pieces of landforms on different planets. using this, they can figure out what the face actually is, and other mysteries that they come up against. some people may have used to say that the picture was too blurry to make out what the face actually was. however, nasa has taken many clear photos of the face, and they have proven several times that it is not an alien artifact, and that it is only a landform on the surface of the planet. so, what do you think now? do you still believe that the face is an ancient artifact? well, you should not anymore after reading this the evidence given here in this essay clearly shows that the face is just a landform. scientists like gerald and garvin have shown this a repeated amount of times. so, in conclusion, i believe that the face is just a natural landform, and not proof of life on mars.