i am against driverless cars for these supporting reasons. reason one is the cost. reason two are the complications with laws. the third reason is the reliableness of driverless cars. my last reason im against driverless cars is the insurance problems. my first reason why im against driverless cars has to do with cost. the cost to make a driverless car would be insane. these cars will most likely be inflated entirely too much. the amount of money it would take to make streets and highways acceptable for these cars would cost alot of money. it would be pointless to invest in something that only so many people would have. another reason im against driverless cars are the laws that would have to change. if driverless cars became everyday things why would people need a driver license? along with that it would be hard to determine what qualifications you would need to operate one of these. a big issue i see with driverless cars is whos to blame if there is an accident? this idea leads into my next reason everyone needs insurance to be on the road legally. this next reason is the conflict that would be surrounded accidents and whos to blame if there is one. in the passage it metions who would you blame if there was an accident, the driver or the manufacterur. that is a hard question to answer. how would you get the car replaced if the insurance companies wont agree to insuring a driverless car because of this issue? alot more troubles to go through and in some cases might lead to people losing thousands of dollars. with all of that being said it translates in to my next point. the biggest question for most people would be reliability with these driverless cars. if the technology fails in the middle of the road that would be a big problem. what if there is a glitch in the system that makes the car stop operating. to get these cars repaired would be too much of a hassle for mostly anyone. getting a driverless car while the technology is young is very risky. in conclusion i feel like my reasonsare important. these cars should not be street legal. too much can definetly go wrong with driverless cars. people should think twice before buying into the idea of a driverless car. i am against them and i hope my reasons helped make sense of the situation