weve all struggled with gauging what exactly our friends and family are feeling at certain times. they may even be a mixture of emotions. for example, happy, sad, confused or even angry. what if we had a way to detect all of the emotions they were feeling at one time. well, now you can. prof. nicu sebe and dr. huang have developed the facial action coding system which has proven to be useful in many scenarios. such as, in the classrom, indicating if a smile is, or is not genuine, and lastly, being able to read every single emotion someone is feeling. some people may believe that is doesnt matter what students are feeling in the classroom because it is not the teacher or a computers duty to cater to that students feelings. but, that is incorrect. because, according to dr. haung computers can be very useful in redirecting the lesson for the benefit of the student. the text states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. dr. haung predicts, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instuctor. this text is a great example explicitly stating how the facial action coding system can be useful in the classroom. ultimatly, it is able to help students with their learning just like a human could. all by just reading the students expression. secondly, the facial action coding system is able to tell if a smile is genuine or not based off of the movement of your muscles. the text states, they can even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. in the real smile, the zygomatic major muscles that begin at your cheek bones lift the corners of your mouth. also, meanwhile, muscles called obricularis ocul pars palpabraeus make crowsfeet around your eyes. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. this evidence gives great detail about how and why the facial action coding system works. by reading the certain muscles that move in your face, it can tell if your smile is genuine or fake. this could be very useful, especially when trying to figure out if a smiling politician or celebrity is actually smiling. lastly, this technology can be used to read every emotion that someone is feeling. the text states, shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. no, thats not your science teacher, grading your latest lab assignment. its the subject of leonardo da vincis renaissance painting, mona lisa, at least according to some new computer software that can recognize emotions. and, by weighting in the different units, the software can identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece. the text above is a great example in showing how valuable this technology can be in the world. being able to read every single emotion displayed in a face is fascinating and very useful. in conclusion, it is quite obvious how useful this new software could be to the rest of the world. it is flexible, reliable, and fast. for example, it could be greatly used in the classroom to help with student learning, determine if a smile is genuine or fake, and lastly, it can read every last emotion that someone is feeling. this technology is more valuable then we may even realize.