the computer software which has been invented is to test the emotion of people. but it is not really a good way to test people like that. if you want to understand the peoples thinking when they have a emotion, why dont you learn ecycology? the program tested mona lisas smile and the result said  percent happy,  percent disgusted... if im an artist, i painted a character which is really beautiful, but i just make that characters emotion really happy, and wants to shows the audience its a beautiful girls with a joyful face. when the computer software test the emotions of my character and shows these results, i will be really disappointed at these results  its way more too acurately! it can ruined one artist or someone elses life. the computer learned things way more faster than us, all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles from facs, the program will detected the six basic motions happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. well, thats not going to be accurate, from the example, your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes raises your eyebrows when youre surprised, this surprise emotion is just an opinion of the creator dr. paul eckman. i can be tired and showing that emotion too. when the computer is testing the students in the class, there are so many emotions in the class, but even they express their emotion, its still not fair enough to prove what thoughts do they have. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, at this point, the computer is testing everyones emotion. but remember, study is not fun, normally that you will get bored. if someone have a happy face in the classroom, that means he is crazy or distracted by other stuff. so its useless to testing the students emotions in the class. indeed, the ecycology is better than the program. we can looks through other peoples emotion by our eyes and communicate with them, you will still understand their emotion, because we have our brain to calculate. the article making mona lisa smile mentioned we humans perform ths same impressive calculation everyday, and than give an example to inform the human calculation more precisly. even though its a concession, it still shows its not necessary to use this kind of tecnology to predict peoples emotions. in addtion, the computer which created by man is still from the human knowledgement, or human data base, which is brain. but it can be limited the testing area, like the emotion that predict wrong. altough it can test through the muscle changing, it still cannot prove the true feeling of the human. the reason why we have ecycology this courses because peoples brain is way more better than the computer. computer is fast, but it based on human knowledge, also use there is no way to creat a perfect program  everyone has different opinion to the creator of the program. so its not really valuable to use this kind of tecnology to read students emotional expressions.