have you ever thought of giving up your cars? i didnt thing you did. i can see why you wouldnt want to. so i am going to try to apeal to your other sense and show the the beauty and advantages to a limited car comunity. with out cars vrooming and zooming all about you can actualy expirence nature like it used to be little rucus and mutch less danger. with out all of the loud sounds or engins working you can go for a soothing walk and clear your mind. not only that you can do things with out worring about things like hmm am i gooing to get hit by a car today? have you ever worried about someone driving and gotten scaired because you have no idea how they are or if they made it home ok? if some one is walking you can be like ok little can go wrong from there to here so you wory less. cars are one of the leading causes of polution and smog in the world. in paris the smog got so bad cars with even numbered plates could only drive certian days and viceversa with the odd numbered plates. not only is it a good idea to stop because of of the green house gases but it is also good to stop becould it would stop trafic.  of all cars in france are desil so they were blamed for the smog over the gasoline. so in this case i say just go green for a while and ride bikes or hoof it to were you need to go. the driving persentage in america is going down by its self so in america the progress is showing weather its on perpous or not. with the driving persentage going down there is less crashes of cours because of the less drivers. with the driving persentage going dow i is also leading to a better less damaging way of transportation suchas car pooling or public transportation there is also one of my more perfered ones biking it always works to get you from point a to point b and it is polution free unless you fart of course. sense i mentioned the point a to point b there are alturnative ways to get there like a bike a skate board a human powered scooter or the free one walking. if we would adopt the life style of less travling by cars we would have closer thing to us like stors and traveling roots stors would be in walking distance but this means places like the suburbs are going to be more compact and alot less parking space. with adopting this life style we arnt agreeing on getting rid of all cars just to get rid of cars when they are irrelavent the cars would be parkes in a big parking garage on the edge of the town the cars would be used for long distance traveling. people would also get more exresize and that could help bring  obeace  america to a healthey more fit america like in the past. many things can be gained from limiting car usage afew are its is way more peaceful with out all the rucus and stress of driving and polution and smog levels would be brought down as well as less deaths from crashes and one big advantage is it is more efficent housing and traviling roots. now you have some thing to think about.