these four passages in german suburb , life goes on without cars  , paris bans driving due to smog ,  car free day is spinning into a hit hit in bogota and  the end of car culture . talk about life with out cars , how that benefits us and how it makes people feel. source one talks about life in vauban , germany and how cars arent allowed in the suburbs . if so then you need to pay a fee . not using cars is better for the environment and makes people feel better about themselfs . when i had a car i was always tense . im much happier this way  stated heidrun walter . you see more people outside , riding boikes , and children playing .  percent of people in vauban dont own cars , and  percent of people sold their cars so they could live there . also in source two it talks about the banning of cars in order to clear the air of the global city . anyone who refused to stop using their cars were fined . paris had more smog than other european capitals . in source three people of the city bogota , colmbia , hd a free day also in order to get rid of smog . people hiked , took buses , or skated places .its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution . stated businessman carlos arturo . improvements have also been made to the city . such as new side walks ,less traffic,parks , and sports centers .people are way happier . in source four it talks about how americans are becoming less interested in cars . sociologists believe that it will have a positive impact on carbon emissions . limiting car usage is better for the environment and the people who live in it . its better for people to ride bikes and go walking . i think that if everyone would continue to stop driving then the world would be a better place .people would live longer , less violence and more happiness . in conclusion , driving cars can cause a big probem in people lives . things would be easier if everyone quit driving all together .more and more people each year dont get their licence or just stop driving period . thats how things should be .