have you ever wanted to travel or see new places that normally others wouldnt have the opportunity to go see? me, being in the seagoing cowboys program reccomend you to join for three reasons. by participating in the seagoing cowboys program, you will be able to see unique places that some people might not have the opportunity to do so. and so to start, i get that some people dont want to go out, or maybe they already travel the world  but, i will promise you, its worth seeing. some of the unique places include, well, water! most of the trips you might be taking is going to be focused on water, and by saying that, i just hope that you may be at least a bit intrested in joining at this point. this will prove, that be joining, you will see new and unique places. secondly, another reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys is because its loads of fun. feeding the animals may be a hard task, but it sure frees you form some of the bordom on the boat or ship. yes, some people dont like animals, and i get that, but it doesnt mean that they wont have even a bit of fun, theres so much more for you to explore if you just look! you can go and kill some time with the animals, and feed them when needed. at night, if youre assigned to the animals, you have to go check on them every hour. it really does seem like alot, but i dont think that anybody would want an animal, or animals, around the ship lurking around, messing up peoples things. this demonstrates that you should join because youre bound to have some fun. and lastly, you should join the seagoing cowboys program because not many people will get the chance to do all the things that you may be able to do if you just try and give this a chance. people wont, and i respect you. but, with that being said, just stick with me for just a bit, and youll see why you should join. some of the things we do you cant do on a normal day. you dont always get to stay up all night to feed and watch animals, and you dont always get to go out into sea for months. this definitly proves that you will be able to try some new things that you normally wont do. in the seagoing cowboys program, youll be able to see new and amazing places, have some fun, and try to do some new things you wont be able to do normally. and with that being said, this shows why you should participate in the seagoing cowboys program., its a onceinalifetime opportnity  take it!