in my opinion driverless cars would be a positive thing to take action here in the future. my reasons are more industries are working towards making driverless cars, they can drive, steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when nedded. driverless cars can also mimic the skill of a human at the wheel, and do things on their own. more industries are working towards making new driverless cars. the text states, tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. the text also states, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . the information above states that more companiesindustries are looking forward to having driverless cars here soon in the future. my next reason for driverless cars is that they can drive just like a human with driving skills. the text states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are desighned to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the text also states, the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. the informaion above clearly states that the cars can steer, accelerate,and break themselves with human like skills. my last reason for driverless cars is that they can mimic the skill of a human driver and do things on their own. the text states, further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. the text also states, dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. the information above is evidence from the text that driverless cars can mimic the skill of a human driver, and do things on their own. in conclusion, i am for driverless cars because industries are working towards driverless cars. my next reason for driverless cars is because they can drive, steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when nedded. my last reason is because they can mimic the skill of a human driver and do thing on thier own. the reasons above are why i am in favor for driverless cars.