my point on driverless cars, i would not like to see them on the road because they can cause accidents or injuriesdeath. also, they can cause serious complications on someones life if they were injured by the driverless car. they dont have the quick response like humans do when they drive, plus if they are on the road when its slick and they dont know to be slow when on slick roads they can cause accidents. the question would be if the driverless cars were to get into an accident, whose fault would it be? if the human driver didnt cause it should the company get fault for it and even get sued? or should the human driver take the blame since they are human and actually driving a car. the company who manufactured the car should take full responsibily with the accident. the driverless cars could malfunction and cause a serious or lifethreatening car crash to the human driver on the other side of the rucus. many people dont want driverless cars on the road so people wont get hurt first off, and secondly they dont want them on the road so they wont mess up and cause harm. although the driverless cars have humans on standby, they still shouldnt be made because of all the safety hazards it could cause on the other people and the technology that was built into the car, its essentially a waste of money to make a car thats driverless and it gets wrecked beyond repair. with the laws that could be put into place if driverless cars become a thing of the st century, they can and will blame the company who made the car for it either malfunctioning or the human in the car not realizing there was iminate danger ahead. they wouldnt blame the person who was on the other side of the wreck because he knew what he was doing, the driverless car wouldnt know what it was doing. if that were to happen driverless cars would be illegal in all states not just in california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia. in conclusion i think cars that are driverless should not be allowed to be a thing because of all the safety hazards and the complications it could cause. also, they shouldnt be allowed because they can cause accidents that could be minor or lifethreatening.