imagine its  and nasa reveals an interesting photo looking down upon martian landscape. the photo catches your eye as it contains what apears to be a giaint face made of rock coming out of the sand. nasa states that the face is a huge rock formation that resembles a human head formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and a mouth. but you also hear other people saying that the face is an ancient alien artifact! what do you believe? pop culture quickly jumps on the idea of aliens because that view point is exciting. meanwhile nasa is a government backed and very credible source. i say that the educated person would listeto nasa. i believe that the face on mars is just another natural landform becasue the face looks just like a butte or mesa does on earth, nasas powerful cameras havent captured anything alien looking on near the face, and becasue the majority of nasa and other creidble scientists dont believe that the face is alien. according to the article martian mesas are common around cydonia, the area where the famous picture of the face was taken. there is nothinig unusal or different about this specific mesa exept the shadows on top of it. these shadows give the illusion of eyes, nose, and a mouth. mesas and buttes are landforms that are also very common on earth around the american west. the middle butte in idaho is a an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. im sure if pyramids started being discovered on the surface of mars thats one thing, but just a single mesa that looks a bit like a face is no reason to immediatly blame aliens. another reason why the face is just a natural landform is because we have seen proof that is nothing but a landform.. on april ,  which was a cloudless day in cydonia, another picture of the face was taken with a very powerful camera that used its maximum resolution for the picture. when you look at this picture it is almost hard to immgine a face even being there! the illusion of a nose, eyes, and a mouth is gone. all that remains in this picture are some cracks and rough edges on the rock structure. to many seeing is believing and this picture has allowed many to see the truth that the face on mars is nothing but a myth. some suporters of the idea that the structure was created by aliens argue that nasa is hiding more evidence and mabey even distorting images that point to the face being built by aliens. this is wrong because alien civilizations would increase nasas funds and popularity. also it would be almost immpossible to keep an alien secret from the public with so many immployees knowing. these examples show why the face on mars is just another natural land formation.