we use cars almost everyday in our lives. a lot of people really cant go a day without using thier car. transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions. its a necessity. but,wouldnt it be better to stop using our cars,start walking,start running,go on a bicycle etc? yes it actually would,because according to source carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota not using our cars is a good opporunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. now if you live in paris using your car is not the best idea. paris has banned driving due to smog. smog can be very fatal if you inhale it almost every day. source  says that motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave thier cars at home or suffer a  euro fine. who would really want to pay that fine just because you were using your car? nobody. so leave your car at home. in the united states studies have shown that americans are buying fewer cars,driving less and getting fewer licenses. reseraches think that the cause of this is because americans have decided to stop driving. maybe the people in the u.s also think that it is a good idea to stop using our cars. there should be a day like that,where we stop using our cars even just for a while to see how things go. no one wants to suffer from a stroke due to air pollution,no one wants to inhale smog every day and for sure nobody wants to be charged with . source  states thatthe number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . according to an ananlysis by doug short of advisor perspectives this is partially because americans could not afford new cars. cars are really expensive and spending all that money on it is not worth it. plus the insurance bill you have to pay every month and the oil changes and then the gas. it is way to much. if we stopped using our cars it would be very much beneficial for carbon emissions and the enviorment. teens and young adults dont even bother to get a drivers license. they want to live thier lives where they can walk,take a bus,taxi or car pool with friends. source  saysa study last year founf that driving by young people decreased  between  ans . at one point people were so anxious to drive and be on the road. not so much anymore though. so next time you are about to drive your car think about all the money you could be saving and how your health could be so much better if thier wasnt polution in the air. its the best for all of us to stop relying on cars because one day they wont be here for us anymore. one day things will have to change.