google confounder sergey brin believes that driverless cars could be fundamentally change in the world. google has had cars that help a driver since  but still doesnt drive by its self. there shouldnt be cars driving theirselfs around. there would be an accident or a techonolgy problem that could cost someones live. google wouldnt take the responsibility for that it would try to protect themself. first, in paragraph  it said, the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel.. dont think a lot of people would feel safe, do you? probably there would be many people against it because who would feel safe knowing a machine drives by its self . then, in paragraph  it said, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone.. how can they be sure there wouldnt be techology problems when the car is driving by itself? would well take responsibility for someone thats been in an accident? people will be having many questions about this driverless car. how can people know they will be safe. next, in paragraph  it said, ...bmw announced the develpment of traffic jam assistant... non of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skill...gm has developed drivers seats the vibrate when vehicle is in danger of backing into an object... having a assistant is fine but what if the driver cant avoid something on time or when its backing out accidently hit someone else. whos fault would it be the car or the driver? in conclusion people should be against the driverless cars. we will never know when a techologyical problem can happen and we may not be ready. people should consider not making any driverless cars, theres already too many accidents with humans driving.