after reading the article making mona lisa smile, i think that this use of technology could indeed be very useful and valuable.im sure not everyone would like a computer screen detecting their emotions,but im also sure that not everyone knows how helpful they could really be. with that being said,continue reading my claim on why i think this new technology could be very valueable. in this article, the author describes the computer model and our muscle movements. it taught me how much of a help our muscle movements truly are.at first, i wasnt exactly sure that the facial action coding system would be a good idea,but as i kept reading i definitely changed my mind. in a classroom, not every student is going to like the idea of a computer detecting their emotions,but it could truly be a big help and be a good impact on the students. as the article states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,then it could modify the lesson,like an effective human instructor. that makes a job for a teacher so much easier. technology is becoming a huge part in our lives,might as well make it more effective.not only does it help a teacher,but it also assists the students with better lessons.think about it, if youre doing a reading lesson and you just hate the passage youre reading, the computer could detect the drowsiness that youll probably have on your face and could improve it by giving you a new passage to read. this makes students more active during school,which means students will be getting better grades. its a winwin for everyone. also, the facial action coding system could even make you happy. the article states a drama coach tried this with her actors, and putting on a happy face would actually work. it also helped with creating emotion on stage. in conclusion, the facial action coding system, is valuable in many ways for students.its helpful in not only their lessons throughout the day, but their overall grades. it also helps out teachers too! so after reading making mona lisa smile, it really brightened my mind about having a program such as facs to our school cooperation.