although quite controversial, the pros of driverless cars far outweigh the cons. this modern marvel takes transportation to the next level and can potentially save millions of lives and dollars. many states still hold laws that prevent or limit the use of these autonomous vehicles, but at this rapid rate of improvement, it wont be long before driverless cars roam the streets. the development of this newest form of techonology, driverless cars, will help to improve the world due to their reliability, cost effieciency, and safety. currently, there are many people out there who find autonomous vehicles untrustworthy and usafe, but with recent updates to techonology there shouldnt be any worries. techonology such as sensors have been around for decades as stated in paragraph , in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. this shows how long sensors have been around and that they are nothing new. with new inventions such as these, consumers are able to depend on driverless cars when responding to dangerous situations such as rollovers or outofcontrol crashes. also, there are many other safe benefits to autonomous vehicles. for example, if a driver were to be under the influence of alcohol, rather than forcing them to go home at risk, the car would be able to safely return the consumer home. this could potentially lead to far less crashes and many lives to be saved. not only are driverless cars reliable, but they are extremely cost efficient in the long run. as of now, millions of dollars are being spent in order to perfect the techonology being used on these futuristic vehicles. but if you were to gather an estimate of the money being saved on fixing cars that got in crashes, the amount spend on research would be miniscule. in paragraph  the author states, radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. it wasnt something you could buy at radio shack. the development of these cars may be much at first, but over the course of a few years, it will greatly decline such as that of the radio, making it accesible to many consumers throughout the country. this cost effieciency is a vital step to the improvement of human life and safety. finally, there is the overall safety of the car. autonomous vehicles are much more trustworthy than the average human being. with the development of cellular devices, drivers pay far less attention the the road than they should. the sensors and computer software developed into these vehicles, can lead to cars with better handling and prevent hundreds of crashes. not only, is the techonology used today safe, but there are many other inventions being manufactured that can help benefit those on the road. in paragraph , the author discusses how, gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. technology such as this can only improve and eventually lead up to a well developed, driverless car, which consumers can depend on for their safety. in conclusion, the development of driverless cars is extremely beneficial in multiple circumstances involving the costeffectiveness, safety, and reliability. autonomous vehicles are the next big thing and will lead to a greater world. this technology will lead to great things and improve economies by saving millions of dollars. there is still much to improve on the road to autonomous vehicles, but before long we wont have to worry about the dangers of driving.