studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because venus is the most closests to being like earth at one time . also venus is earths neighboor so its easier to visit . scientist dont have many information about venus because of its hot surface and lava , so they are trying to create electronics to survive the extreme conditions . wanting to visit other planets ,or send a spaceshipt may cost a lot of money because of how much fuel and resorces youre gonna need to send something into space . venus is the closest planet from earth , that easily makes it an easy and chaper planet to visit and explore because its right next to us . also venus being right around the corner means that scientist are gonna be able to send ships into venus much easier and get information must faster then in other planets. venus is the closest planet to being like earth at some time , scientist have said that today venus still has some feautures that are analogous to those on earth . at some time venus was probably covered with large oceans and could have supported various forms of life . venus being like earth at sometime leaves scientist with many questions , so this makes it a very interesting planet to keep exploring . scientist have faced a big problem with venus and thats being able to explore it . venus has a very hot atmosphere and has extreme hot pressured air ,so that makes it impossible for anyone toexplore and gather information or samples from the planet . with this problem , scientist have been creating spacecrafts that will be able to land on venus and gather samples from the planet such as rocks or any material at venus . venus is a very dangerouse but also interesting planet to explore . with it being like earth at sometime , it leaves scientist with the guts to explore it . also in despite to its hot lava volcanos and hot air , venus will be a very challanging planet to explore , but there is spacecrafts being made to survive the challanges venus has .