have you ever wanted to know what it feels like to liev another planted? well i cant blaim you. knowning we have other plantes that are surrounding us amd there are probaly a lot of cool things we can do out there, does sound pretty fun and cool. most people would ask, when we get there wont we die or not even make it? well im going to chnage your mind and tell you why should vistit venus and discover all the things there,and maybe later you can think about visting he rest of the solor system. as we all know venus is pretty close to earth. they even sometimes call it our evening star or even the twin of earth. they feature a lot earths density and size. they really only deffer in speed sometimes we are closer to mars and other times we are closer to venus, because venus is soetimes right around the corner. in my option venus is like another sun, it has the brighest points in the sky and is a very hard plantet to even look at because of its brigtness. im sure we have we have all seen picture venus or have heard story about what venus looks like or even the solor system. the pictures we have seen are sometimes close but not all the way, im sure there is way more background to what we know than what sciecntist know or have discovered over the last years. astronomers are fascienated by venus out of all plantes becauselong ago venus may looked just like earth today. some say that venus was probaly just like out plant, filled with water, liek a ocean type form or even have some features to our way of life. on the other hand we all know thats not what venus looks like today. some say venus still has have some features that is like earth but learning from nasathe plantet is like a rocky sediemnt but also have some cool feathures like valleys, mountains and maybe even creaters. finally we should just meet any imaginations that is bring upon us, even if we know we shouldnt or it can put us in some type of danger, you only live once so u might as well take a chance and do what you can. even through it might take years for it to happen its worth seeing new things outside of earth. sceinctists says that we cant take samples of rocks, gas or anything esle, from distance hopefully they can find a way we can so if we do send people to venus they can bring back things for us to look at. more likely im sure they are having resecahers working on things to allow people to go on a long lasting mission. scienctist have thought about bringing back old technology called mechincail computers, they played a important role. thats how we know and got all the info we got till this day. now you have all the info or cool things about how venus is like a baby version on earth, how venus formlooks are like and the imagination of things. we plan to hope we can learn all or se more things about venus than what we just know