drivereless cars might be a big thing in the future, but are they really worth it? could driverless cars actually be more dangerous than an individual driving a car themselves? i think it could be, think about it, a car driving itself, theres only a thousand things to wonder about the dangers it could have behind it. in the article, the author states that driverless cars can steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notfiy the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through worl zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. some individual drivers already dont pay attention while theyre driving themselves, becuase theyre too busy texting, talking on the phone, or messing with the radio. so what happens if the driverless car needs to get the human drivers attention, but they arent paying attention to their surroundings? anything could happen, the driver could get into an accident of its own, and could face possible dealth. car accidents are a huge thing around the world right now, especially with teen drivers. in the article, it states that even if drving laws get changed, other laws will be made in order of liability if an accident is to happen. but whos fault is it if the technology fails to alert the human driver and someone in the driverless car is injured? is it the driver or the manufacturer? its hard saying who would be at fault. the driver should have been paying attention, but the car is supposed to alert the human driver when those things are needed to be taken care of, so basically theyre both at fault. all the dangeres of a driverless car can happen with a human driver as well, but when a wreck happens with a normal car, just the driver is at fault. so why make a car that might fail to be alertive, and the manufacturer of the driverless car, and possibly the human driver be at fault? yes, driverless cars might be good for long travles becuase the individual can take a break, and only have to drive when its absolutely needed, but just keeping around regular cars could save a lot of companies being sued, and loosing lots of money. roads filled with drivers are already dangerous enough, so help them be a little more safe and keep driverless cars off the roads.