driverless cars are becoming a reality in the world. they are a great way for drivers to relax, and hold conversations on a road trip without worrying about wreaking the car. i believe that the driverless care is a revolutionary idea for the modern age. in my essay i will talk about why the driverless car is a great idea, what are some of the things drivers can do if they get the driverless car, and why i believe that the driverless car is the future of the world. i believe that the driverless car as a revolutionary idea becasue of how awesome it is. now that there is a driverless car this could be the opening of a door for other things such as pilotless planes, or driverless boats. this idea can change the way transportation is for the future of the world. most people would really love the idea of not having to drive unless there is something like a hazard that would require human interaction. this is how i think this idea is revolutionary. secondly i believe that the plan is a great idea. i say this because with the driverless car road trips can become more fun. if a group of friends wants to travle from indianapolis to dallas no one would love to be the driver for that trip. this idea would mean the driver would only have to drive in an emergency situation like a wreak, or construction. the driver can sit back, and become a passenger like his friends. this is why i believe that the driverless car is a great idea. finally, imagine all of the things that someone could do with a driverless car. say that someone is late for work, and has not brushed their hair, or brushed their teeth yet, the driverless car can give them the time to do that on the go while not risking being any more late to work. if someone is texting, and driving there would be less wreaks, because the car would be driving itself. this car opens up alot of opprotunities to be the grandfather for future technoligies, like cars that can drive drunk drivers home, or takies that drive themselves. people may say this car is dangerous, and might cause more wreaks. i say that with this car comes more opprotunities for the transportation world to advance one more step foward. in conclusion,i believe that the driverless car is the next big thing on the market. the driverless car can do alot more than the modern automobile can do. i believe that it is the most revolutionary idea, i believe that it is a good idea, and i believe that it will be the future of transportation. this is what i believe is good about the driverless car.