there is a new technology called facial action coding system. this coding system can identify your emotions. dr. paul eckamn has been classifiying six emotions. eckamn has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. they have started useing this technology in schools now. a classroom computer could recognize when a studen is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. after reading this information from the article, i think we should have this type of technology in school. it could really help the kids who do not talk to their teacher at all. but there is also a downfall of useing this type of technology. some of the bad things that could happen is the computer misreading the kid wrong. therefore, giving him wrong information about what ever he is learning about. it is also very expensive. the worst thing that could happen is the teachers who went to school their whole life trying to become a teacher, they are now jobless. what is the point of paying somebody to teach a student when there is now a computer in their school to do it. that is one of the major negative things from this technology. some of the good things that could happen is the student actually learning. there are many students who just sit in the back of the class not talking, but when a computer can do it for them they will probably learn a lot more. they dont have to say one word because when the computer feels that you are sadhappy it would change the subject.for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. it can really tell how the student is feeling and their emotions at that current time. in the end, we can take a few positives and a few negatives from this. in the long run it would be better but in the short run it wouldnt. students will be a lot more smarter but a little bit less social. teachers might be jobless but the students will probably have a better education and will just be smarter in general.