imagine a scenario when you had to get a ride home. you texted a friend and a car pulled up to the curve to let you hitch a ride. as you open the door and walk in, you realize with shock that there is no one in the front seat! driverless cars are becoming more of a reality because of the technology available to us. a great thing about this would be that a car with enhanced sensors would be a lot of help to humans because they could detect and respond quicker to dangerous situations such as skidding which would make automobile rides much safer. smart cars would be beneficial because they would increase safety and improve convenience. as of now, having a car that can drive on its own is a fantasy that still remains in the future however companies have more access now to the technology needed such as radar and lidar which are two different sensor systems utilized by the car to view its surroundings. as a person is driving, the safety of the vehicle can be compromised by many different things how the other cars around are driving, the mental awareness of the driver, and the conditions of the road. in the blink of an eye, two cars can collide if the drivers are not paying attention and lose control of the car. sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage aloneparagraph  which shows how the car can aid the person in driving the car. the same passage also notes that improvements in the technology can improve the driving safety. having increased safety through the sensors in built in the car is only one asset convenience is the other. as already stated, sensors can signal and automatically adjust the wheels and brakes of the car but there are still places where human skill is needed. paragraph  outlines some of these situations such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means that the human driver must remain alert to take over...the car mus be ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem might ariseparagraph . it would be of much convenience to the driver because then they would only have to focus their attention on the road when it is most needed. textingcalling during driving is a huge problem and smart cars would solve this problems because drivers would be notified when their assistance is needed and could go back to their previous activity right after the incident. smart cars would be great to replace the way we travel. the improved safety for the passengers and convenience to the driver are qualities that would be very helpful. the article driverless cars are coming shows the progress that has been made towards them. right now we may not have access to them but down the road they are coming out to be a real possibility and we are getting closer and closer every day.