in making mona lisa smile the author, nick dalto, shows us that this technology that allows it to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. by using example of the human face muscles and mona lisa as an example, allows us to get into debt about our facial expression and what they give out to other people. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of student in a classroom is valuable because it will be able to read the muscles in the face that are being used in the expression we are doing.  the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major musces in the model must move like human musces. by creating a d model of the face it allows it to have an exact replication of the face and muscles being used therefore it will be able to show how people are really feeling. eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, and, disgust, fear and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. by classifying every emotion with the musces allows the technology to get an an acurrate feeling of the person. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of a studemt in a classroom is valuable because in the passage it gives examples of the exact muscle and emotion that correlate with each other.  for eample, your fronttalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes raises your eyebrows when youre surprised your arbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger. they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. in the real smile, the zygomtic major muscles that begin at your cheek bones lift the corners of you mouth. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different musle, the risorius. by using the muscles in the face, this allows us to see an exact repredention of the emotions the person is feeling and will help kids in the classrooms. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of a studemt in a classroom is valuable because it will allow the student to feel more comfortable in their learning enviroment and lern at their own pace.  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.  by having this technology it will allow students to be more engaged in the learning and be able to undestand better the subject.