people might want to believe that the face is created by aliens but it is not, it is a natural landform. the face is just a natural landform because it is just the shadows that make it look like a face, the landform is also common around the american west, and it is a mesa. the shadows are the ones that make the face on mars look like a face. in the third paragraph in the article it stated huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the reason there is alot of commotion about this is that the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars. he was right because it did. the face is also just a landform because there are landforms located in the american west that are also mesas like the face. in the last paragraph it said what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. therefore, people are just altering the true facts to make a story of it. the reason many did not believe it was a matian mesa is because scientist figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. the face is just a mesa because it said in the text various times that it was just a mesa. in the very beginning it said new high resolution images and d altimetry from nasas mars global survey spacecraft reveal the face on mars for what it really is a mesa. it also said in the last paragraph  thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face of mars. that shows that the face is just a natural landform like any other. others say that aliens live there and created the face. in the eight paragraph it said the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april  a cloudy time of the year on the red planet. the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. although that might be true in the eleventh paragraph it said so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! finally, there might be different speculations on wether or not the face is a natural lanform or not. at this point according to scientist we know that it is a natural formation because it looks like a face because of the shadows, its common like in the american west, and it is a mesa.