twenty five years ago a sacecraft valled viking  from nasa took a picture of what looked like a human face. eighteen years later mars global surveyor took a photo of it that was ten times larger than the last one. this photograph showed that it was nothing more than a natural land form. some people thought that it looked this way because of clouds. finaly in  mars global surveyor took a second shot at it with a much better resalution. this one also suggests that it is nothing more than a landform. some people still think this was made by aliens despite all of the evidence going against it. i think that it is just a landform because, aliens wouldnt know what humans looked like, it isnt that unlikely, and there are other things it could be. my first reason is that aliens would not know what humans look like. if you think about it animals on earth dont look like humans so aliens wouldnt look like that either. mars also has really bad conditions for life like us to survive. plus aliens woul probably look even more different than animals because they evolved on a whole other planet. it is even more unlikely that they would just guess what we look like. another reason is that it isnt that crazy of a coincidence. a human face is only two dots with a dot centeered under neath them and a line under it. and this doesnt even have a very distinctive nose so its just two dots and a line. its like when you look at the clouds and see what looks like animals or other familiar things. you know aliens didnt put those there. my last reason is that there are plenty of other things this could be. it could just be some sort of landform. espescially in the last picture you can see lines it it resembling something that was made naturally. it is kind of like a butte or messa on earth only this is on mars. this is most likely made naturally. the chances that this was made by aliens is incredibly low. the first picture however, does closely resemble a humans face. the problem is that with each picture it looks les and less like a human face. also the last picture was taken on a cloudless summer day. i dont think this was built by aliens because, aliens wouldnt know what we looked like, it isnt that unlikely, and there are other explanations.