the author states that venus is offten refferred as earths twin, venus is called the evning star for how bright it is in the night sky even considered as simple for even an amatur stargazer to spot. the author suggests in the story, the challenge of exploring venus, that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. in the artical the author claims that venus is referred as earths twin and give support for that claim. for example, venus is the closest planet to earths in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. the author then continues to explain that many missions to mars were unmanned since no spacecraft survied the landing for more than a few hours. in the story the author states, a thick atmosphereof almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. he claims that on the planets surface, the temperature averages over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than earths. futhermore he explains saying, these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans can ecounter such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many matals. as the authors makes thses claims its clear that venus is not suitable for humans or any kind of life. but why does the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present. in the passage, the author states, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been lthe most earthlike planet in our solor system. in passage , the author claims that venus was problably covered largly with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. he continues with, venus still has features that are analogous to those of earth similiar fetures such as valleys, mountains, and craters. nasa has one particularly idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the suface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. with what nasa has in mind for a safe trip to venus, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. in colclusion, there are dangers to the exploration to venus but venus has a lot to offer and things they could find and use there would be helpful to understand more of venus and its past.