in the challenge of exploring venus the author is very specific about the dangers of traveling to venus. he does a good job explaining that the spaceships that have been sent were unmanned, for that same reason that the spaceships have never survived the landing for more than a few hours. the authors says that venus is referred to as earths twin, because its closest in density and size, occasionally the closest in distance too. we have not landed a spacecraft in more than three decades, venus us a very difficult planet to study, even though its closest to us, this makes scientists even more curious to study venus. in this article, the author talks about all the danger of travelingexploring venus, one being that the atmosphere is very thick almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus . what makes the atmoshpere even more complicated are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the average temperature over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience in our own planet! traveling to mars is not yet capable to do, its so hot it could liquefy metals, it has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, which is surpisingly odd because mercury is closer to the sun, you would think mercury is hotter. venus is urged to be explored because its the most earth like planet,  astronomers are facinated by venus becuase it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus was surrounded with very wide oceans, humans could have maybe survived long ago. venus and earth have very similar qualitys today, mountains, valleys, craters. venus is our next option of life on another planet, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. scientists want to keep trying to make a trip to venus, but its difficult when you hadnt a single chance of luck. its difficult for researchers to take samples of venus, such as rocks, gas, etc. when they cant land the spacecraft. they would have to float over the planet, without landing it, it would be very risky to land the spacecraft. the author says researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningful knowledge of venus .in paragraph  it says, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks this meaning that they would need to last longer enough to collect meaningful data of venus. in conclusion, venus is a very difficult planet to research since, no spacecraft has ever landed. researchers are still looking for a way to make that possible but to this day it has not been accomplished, it must be difficult to try and collect data from the spacecraft without getting off. venus has a very thick atmosphere making it difficult to breath for very long , its also very hot, hot enough to luquefy metal. researchers are desperatley wanting to research venus because its the closest planet we have to earth and eventually when there is no more earth, humans might have to live on venus, possibly?