say there is a student in your class who is good but dosnt focous enough in class, you wish you knew what was wrong with him but he hides he is quiet. i believe the use of this technology to read the expressions of students is valuble. this can support teachers on helping understands students by how they truely feel and act when unseen. this shows what the teacher personally can do to help the student at their goals and focus in class at all times. it may also be a way to get to know each student because most students dont focus because they dont like the teacher. this is what i believe it would be valuable. this will help teachers to help students when bored confused. most teachers dont know when most students are bored or confused. most teacher will just guess by seeing if their paying attention to the topic in the classroom. in the article, it explains a computer can figure out when a student is bored or confused said doctor huang predicts this could help students in and teachers for a long period of time. it help teachers gives their students to focus on work by seeing the real facial expressions and when not faking it. most teacher dont know what student facial expression means but with the facial action coding system the teacher will understand how their feeling and when your not faking it. in the article it says that your mouth is turned sideways when its faced sideways. this can also show when celebertys or politicians are lying. some will say emotions dosnt matter or not, what matters is students appearing to school and completing their task. this is false in my opinion. teachers should want to understand students feelings because this will make students like the teacher more and help the students. this can go a long way in helping students face many problems. if this would to happen this must be in the schools. now with this you can finally figure out the problems of the students by their expression. this is my opinion on this argument. this will go a long way for teachers in my opinions. do you think this can help many folks, i do. .