in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars, for example in the passage they gave a positive things about the driverless cars, and those positive things were the following they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driverways or dealing with compicated traffic issuses. some of the negative aspects are through roadwork or accidents. the positve meaning there is no problem with the cars that they are now building but there will alwasy be something wrong with a new car people build. by all i mean by this passage that there will be some pros and some cons for the cars. the cars changed every year to make some cars better than others, aslo to persuave the company that the new car is involved. before  the tried to make things a little more interesting, but they had missing things so they couldnt make things to work out much. they where missing the following computre, mapping, radar which is a device on a hilltop that cost a lot of money in the passage is said its about two hundred million dollars. so technaclly you couldnt just buy this at a radio shack. each car is farly different in my opinion, each year they company is gonna continue changeing and making newer cars to make the company increase. which this is a positive thing about the cars the better tha cars they make the more money they will get. in  a car name bmw announced the development of traffic jam assitant,the nre thing about this car was that driving it, it functions at a speed that is up to  mph, but now there are special touch sensors to make sure that the driver keeps ahold of the wheel, and other thing that this passage said about the car is that no other car is advance this far. but there is always some negative things about these new cars like i said, about the gm has develped drivers seats that vibarteds when a vehicle is in danger of the backing into an object. the goolge car simply announce when the driver should prepar to take over.