in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the following topics the author used helped support this idea the challenges, dangers, and the fasinations with venus needs to be explored. our neighboring twin, that we can only observe by hovering far above it hopping to get as much detail as possible, creats a challenge due to how unsafe it is. our scientists have sent numerous spacecrafts to venus. but, each previous mission was unmanned because, no spacecraft survived the landing for mpore than a few hours. also, due to the high pressures and heat on this planet there is venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on the surface. due to the challenges, it makes it so much more dangerous. since, venus is second to our sun and has an atmosphere of  precent carbon dioxide blanket and a tempeture average over  degrees fahrinheit. it makes it really hard for nasa to get a close look do to venuss unsafe tempertures. also, venus has an atmospheric pressure that is  times greater than what us humans experiance on our own plant. which is way more extreme than anything we have had to encounter. plus, if nasa were able to find away to float thirtyplus miles above the suface it would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit. but, on the bright side it would have the air pressure close to at sea level on earth. but, despite these challenges and dangers there is plenty of fasinations with this planet. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. also, venus still has some features similar to earth such as valleys, mountains, and craters. making more scientist to want to explore it to see if it was once habital by other creatures. further more, making then to suspect that venus was probably once covered largely with oceans. based on the author hitting the points that exploring venus can be challenging, dangerous, but yet fasinating helps get across the fact the he feels like despite the dangers venus presents it is still a worthy prusuit to study.