a new era times are changing, and changing fast. while the car may once have been the ideal accessory to a rapidly changing world, people have now found that the opposite is now true. limiting car usage is cheaper, better for the enviorment, and is quickly becoming the cool thing to do. americas facination with the s fords are over, and a new era is upon us. cutting down on car usage is much cheaper. between the expensive vehicle itself and enormous gas bill, its more fiscally responsible to carpool, use public transportation, or even walk. places like vauban in germany are just the start of a quickly growing social trend to make cars more expensive. as stated in source , there are only two places to parklarge garages at the edge of the development, where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home. places like paris have even been known to enact partial driving bans at times, with euro fines enacted for those who failed to follow the ban. driving, an already expensive task, is increasingly becoming a task only the rich can afford. removing some of our outrageous motor vehicle usage is also good for the enviorment. as mentioned in source , smog that was already prevalent in places like beijing, china has found its way into modern european cities like paris, with more to follow if we dot cut back, and soon. paris has known to have over  micrograms of pariculate matter per cubic meter, with other cities like brussels and london having  and . respectively. if that didnt seem bad enough, its worse in other areas. in some areas of the united states, passenger cars are responsible for up to  of greenhouse gas emissions. having a lower dependence on cars isnt just good for the enviorment, its now become cool. the amount of driving done by young people has decresased by  percent between  and , and even big companies are starting to notice. as stated in source , bill ford, the executive chairman of the ford motor company, acknowleged the growing change, and even offered suggestions to help. he proposed a better system to save time and resources while improving gas emissions and public safety. meanwhile in bogota colombia, millions of citizens in participatedday without cars, a yearly program set up in the city. while  years ago might have painted a different picture, the writing on the wall is clear. theres a global trend for decreasing dependency on cars, and its not looking to stop anytime soon. a once needed tool is quickly becoming less and less relevent, due to cheaper costs, less strain on the enviorment, and the always prevalent cool factor. its not the golden age of cars anymore, and about time changes were made to match modern day thinking.