have you ever wanted to own a car that does your driving for you? well now you have that chance to own one. now you may be thinking the same way i am thinking. how will the car sence a pedestrian? or how will the car know that theere is a stop light or a top sign ahead? these are some things you might want to focusing on and focus less on, wow a car can actually drive its self? now i on the other hand am against driverless cars because i dont think that it would be a good idea. what would be the point in being in the drivers seat if no one was actually driving the car? how more expessive is the driverless car than the original regular car? how is the driverless car exactly safer than regular cars? i personally think that there would be the same amout of aciedents happening than what there is today in society maybe for vary of reasons but there most likely would still be plenty of accidents. another reason on why i do not think driverless cars would be a good idea would be because what if one of the cars has a misfunction or a error and doesnt stop while someone is crossing the street? what if the car doesnt stop at a stop light and you have a three car pile up because of it? having a driverless car would make people that it would be okay to drink and drive because technically they are not the one doing the driving the car is doing the driving. there will probably a lot of people who try and sue the driverless car company because their car had a misfunction and caused them to wreck and now they have a hospital bill on their hands because they got ito that accident that was not their fault. or maybe the car hit a pidestrian and now the car owner has someone elses hospital bill to pay for but dont have insurence or the finances to pay the bill even though it was not hisher fault. again there are multiple reasons to rethink this driverless car reanactment. there are to much things to be worrying about if you owned one. you would be waisting your money buying something you absolutly do not need. you would be waisting money on a case you would most likely lose. these are just a few reasons on why i am against the driverless cars are coming.