imagaine youre looking at the sky and you see a star thats is brighter than most. then you might be seeing the planet venus which is one of the brightest points in the sky which is where it gets its nickname evening star. the author from the text talks about this and more.to support his claims he used percentagedergees, future plans, real situations, and real events. in paragraghs  and  it shows him using percentages and dergrees to support some of his claim. the text states, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. one the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric presure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. the text also states, at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  dergees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. with this text evidence it shows how he is using his evidence to show how much venus is different from the earth and why their is no life on the planet. the author talk about how venus and mars are our planet neighbor and how we have tried to land on venus but to no sucess. the author states, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for goos reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. the author also states, venus was the hottest surface tempature of any planet in out solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. this shows that the author is providing real evidence to prove his study could be dangerous cause of how the past turned out, but its worth looking into in the future. with what has failed in the past we can learn from that and move on stronger with a better chance of suceeding. the passage says, nasa is working on other approches to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. also says, our tevels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this evidence given it does show we could grow from the past and do better in the future with each new attempt. in conclusion with all these details given to us by the author. he has supported himself with the evidence and some ideas given in the passage. he has proven himself in the text with facts and past events. the auther did support his claims like using percentagesdergees, real events, real situations, and future plans.