what a time to be alive. we have people who have figured out a way for cars to drive themselves with little assistance. it amazes me how far we have come in technology. but, there are a few downsides to all this new technology. google cofounder sergey brin sees a bright future with public transportation. in paragraph one of driverless cars are coming, it says, he envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransportation taxi system. the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more felxibility than a bus. he believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. all these improvments in technology and cars could change the way we live. there are some downsides to all this great technology, sadly. the passage states in paragraph two that their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigation through roadwork or accidents. also in paragraph seven it states, in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skils. these driverless cars do still need assistance in a few things to where you have to stay alert while driving but, besides that, this new technology will change the lives of many people. i am personally all for the driverless cars. the less i have to drive would make it much easier on me. i would love if within the next  or  years, we get it to where we dont have to do any assitance with the driverless cars and we could just sit back and enjoy the ride. in conclusion, driverless cars and all this new technology impacts many people of all ages. some people believe its for the better and some believe its not. it is a matter of opinion. but i believe that everyone would love to have these driverless cars. it saves on fuel, there would be less traffic accidents, and many other great improvments that could save the lives of others.