boys and girls of every age, wouldnt you like to see something strange? after hundreds of years with the electoral college working just fine, it would be very strange for americans to just give it up in the name of convenience. the electoral college should stay in place because our founding fathers created it, it keeps socialism and communism out, and it is in the constitution. our founding fathers did many things that would ensure the united states is in safe position for centuries to come. we have the freedom of speech, religion, press, to bear arms, and of privacy. these are just as important as the electoral college. the founding fathers of the united states wanted to make sure americans didnt vote for communist or socialist presidents by popular vote. so they created the electoral college, a system of voting in which each state has a certain number of points based on the amount of senators and congressmen representing tha state. if a presidential candidate has a majority of votes in the state, the candidate wins all the points from the state. according to the first source, there is a current total of  points in america and it takes  for a candidate to win. there is not one thing the founding fathers did that harmed the united states america should have faith in these men and not charismatic candidates who plan to go against the constitution. furthermore, the electoral college keeps socialism and communism out of our capitalist democracy. sometimes people dont fully understand politics and vote to simply make their voice count somehow. it may sound illogical, but everyone makes wrong decisions sometimes. the electoral college is in place to keep people from falling into traps and voting for socialist candidates who plan to rid the u.s. of its freedom. according to the second source, jimmy carter, one of the worst presidents america has ever had, and bob dole, a prsidential candidate who lost to bill clinton, were in favor of getting rid of the electoral college. if popular vote were in place, the one with the most votes overall wins. that would make it a popularity contest and anyone who has witnessed one of those in high school knows they never end well. america has not had a socialist president with the electoral college who is to say there will not be one without it? additionally, the electoral college is written in the constitution. according to the first source, the electoral college in the constitution and is briefly mentioned in the rd amendment, which allows district of colombia to participate in the electoral college and gives it  electors. getting rid of a law, or in this case a system of voting, from the constitution is never a logical decision. for example, the th amendment,no cruel and unusual punishment, is not a wise choice to get rid of and nor is the nd amendment the right to bear arms. why? because it would turn america into something it isnt it provides more government control over its citizens. without the electoral college, everyones vote is seen and counted, even the independent ones and the votes of the elderly. the constitution is a guide for the people from those who fought and died for the country and it should never be altered for convinience. in conclusion, the electoral college should stay where it is because it was created by the founding fathers, it keeps communism and socialism out, and it is in the constitution. if the united states were to rely on anyone, it should be the founders of the country itself, for they were the ones who fought for the freedom of the country.