three pictures were taken of this odd feature on the land of mars. the reasoning for the interest of the pictures is because they think the figure of the shape is a face. the first time they saw it they were astonished and had many questions that they sent other spacecrafts to take pictures two other different times. i believe that the face on mars is just a natural formed mound and scientist need to stop listening to theories. one reason to stop looking for a civilization is because it is not important. mars global surveyor even said that finding the face is hard work itself because we dont even pass over the face very often. we dont need to wasting our time on something that is not going to affect us here on earth. also, after the discovery and the first picture was taken it was just a landform not an alien momument that some people predicted or hoped to be. second, if you look at the pictures you see a difference in all three of them. if there was an ancient civilization wouldnt you think the pictures would be more extravagent each time after the first. what we see is the complete opposite of what was just explained. as each picture gets newer the face looks much more deteriorated than before. they face is practically gone by the third picture and there is nothing really of it to say that it was a face. lastly, even if there were airplanes or egyptianstyle pyramids or things smaller you could see them from the cameras. so dont you think that if there were people on the planet you would also see them as well in the other three photos. i can see where some people might be interested in the idea of there being people on another planet. it would be awesome to know that you could or can survive on another planet knowing if something happens to the one we are on now. we could even add more information on alien research nasa has been doing. in conclusion, the face did turn out to be a mesa and or butte. the same thing as a mesa but a lava dome and just maybe happened to be the same height as the face on mars. also, the pictures you could tell it wasnt a face the dome shaped thing didnt match the features of the far away picture of the face.