with our ever progressing technology, smart cars are in our near future, but in the past were only seen as progressive impossibility. however, now with more advanced technologies people are really getting the idea of smart cars, with self driving systems and entertainment on the go. regardless, should self driving cars be on the road? with concerning technologies, unsure reliability of a driver, and legal concerns, in our day and age they should be kept off the road. with our current technology we could in fact build a somewhat self sufficient car that could drive on its own, but it would not be entirely safe. automotive radar sensors although have progressed with technology, they can not seem to fully achieve going through unexpected bumps in the road. areas such as work zones or accidents are unable to be passed with our current technology this could lead to several accidents if undetected and the driver is not paying attention. our current technology, until improved, could not withstand these cars. technology is everywhere. cell phones and mobile mp devices are all around. texting and driving is a major issue in our society, it is one of the leading causes of death in teenagers and some adults. with automated cars you would expect this problem to go away, but the somewhat self driving cars we have now need a responsible driver. the attention of the driver is needed incase of a problem were to occur with the vehicle. the prompt says that, ...the human driver must remain alert and ready... this could be a problem if one where to drive intoxicated or even carelessy enjoying a ride on the road, problems could arise from the seams of the small manufacturing errors. legal issues have already begun with these cars many states do not allow them. few states allow there to be testing all for safety concerns. the prompt states, most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passenger, and pedestrians safe.. these laws are in place for a reason our technology is not advanced enough to be reliably safe in these cars. not only this, but if the device were to be the cause of an accident, who would take the blame? the manufacturer could be the reason for ones injury, but perhaps the case would settle it to be the fault of the driver. this would bring tensions between the seller and the consumer of the product. these cars should have warrantys and waivers signed by in individual in this case, rather than being surprised later on by liability towards a problem they had no control over. the idea of a new innovative idea excites everyone but the safety concerns of the people should be adressed and issued first. without proper ideals and checks we can not allow something to hurt our society just for the advancements. until our technology secures safety, people entitle themselves reliable, and the laws and manufacturers address their appeal, autonomous cars should stay off the roads.