car free day is spinning into a big hit all around the world. many people cant even image the advantages there is for limiting of car usage. many countries have been doing a lot to reduced the the car usages. in germany the government have made the ether current resident of car owning to buy a space to park their car for ,ooo along with house. the number of usages have been lower. as a result , percent of vauban families dont own cars or use than and  percent have sold there car to move to vauban germany. an also in a other part of the wood like paris have enforce a partial driving ban to clear the air that had been the re for days. on monday motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or surfer a  euro fine. in the colombia a program was put place on a car free day also. colombia had been doing this for three years and have been seeing a good results. violators faced  fines the turnouts was large. the limiting of car usage has also turnout to the residents of columbia one stated its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution said a businessman. the tat with out cars is a part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mid s. it had seen th econstrusion of miles of bicycles paths the most of any latin america cityaccording to mockus the city mayor. the end of the car culture, president obamas ambitious goals to to curb the u.s greenhouse gas emissions , unveiled last week will cut down the usage of cars on us roads. a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and . people that thorn that car is their life have also have things to said about the world with no cars. they tend to said that they cant move to another place without a car. that they cant live without a car. with the car limiting the world will not fixed all of it problems but will hjad a great start. in a moblile world congress last tear in barcelona , spian, bill ford layout a business plan for a world in which personal vehicles ownerships. preposed a a plan where pedestrin,bicyles,private cars,commercial are woven into a connected network to save time.