driverless cars offer a glimpse of what we could have in the future. transportation as a whole would be greatly influenced by the introduction of autonomous navigation and driving systems for everyday use. driverless cars offer benefits that humandrivin cars simply cannot. machines are much less likely to commit errors than humans. autonomous cars can tackle many of our problems today, and are a promising technology that we must develop to better our lives and the world. through reduction of the threat of distracted driving, compensation for natural human errors when driving, and improvement of our public transportation system, driverless cars can change our world for the better, and they offer a vast improvement on humandriven cars today. distracted driving is a major problem today that can be remedied through the use of driverless cars. today, a large percentage of automobile accidents in america occur due to a form of distracted driving. however, selfdriving cars can fix this. when one is too intoxicated to drive themselves, or even too tired to drive properly, driverless cars eliminate the risk they pose to other users of the roadway by preventing them from driving with impaired judgment. machines can take over when the human driver isnt completely focused on the driving at hand and can correct major errors. when it comes to texting, driverless cars are just as vital. according to the article, some manufacturers want to bring headsup displays with entertainment and information systems. this would allow somebody to text while still having their eyes on the road. furthermore, they would be able to have the car drive for them while they were busy with their distractions. autonomous cars would prevent the many thousands of deaths each year that occur due to distracted driving. natural human errors are always present when driving, and autonomous cars can fix them before they become a problem. humans have a slow reaction time compared to machines, or make rash decisions. if a humandriver were trying to parallel park, it would be very hard to get a full understanding of the situation without automated driving. according to the article, gm has created seats that rumble when the vehicle is about to back into an object. this helps remove any errors from driving since a driver who didnt have an selfdriving car would not know that there was an object to the rear and would then commit a major error. machines can process information much faster as well, so if human reaction time is too slow, machines can take over to stop a car, or prevent it from harming anyone. humans are errorprone creatures, but driving can be errorfree through the use of driverless cars. autonomous cars can improve our public transportation system and allow for easier transport anywhere. according to the article, sergey brin, the cofounder of google now alphabet, believes that fleets of publictransport driverless taxis would be able to reduce fuel consumption and be more flexible than existing systems. this is important because public transportation is very inefficient today. often, cities dont have underground subways, and must rely on buses to get around. buses are highly inefficient because they have set routes and are inflexible. driverless taxis could be ordered to pick up passengers at a certain location and drop them off at another. this is much more convenient and efficient for consumers since they dont have to do much walking while trying to look for a bus stop. driverless taxis would also allow for longdistance public transportation. today, trains have the same problem of buses in that they have set routes and they are hardly funded. with publictransportation driverless taxis, customers can travel long distances and reach destinations in a much more convenient and efficient way than current transportation systems allow. public transportation would be greatly improved through the introduction of driverless cars. driverless cars offer a variety of benefits including improvement of our current public transportation system, accounting for and reducing human error on the roadways, and eliminating the risk of distracted driving affecting other roadway users. human driving today is an inefficient and dangerous task that can be better performed by machines. automation can be more precise than humans ever can, and it is only natural to apply this to driving. automated driving can improve all of our lives only if we make progress in developing the technologies to better our future.