dear state senator, i strongly believe that we should get rid of the electoral college, not only is it unfair to voters, but it lacks democratic pedigree. firstly, my honest opinion is that i stongly believe that we should get rid of the electoral colledge. its very unfair to voters, and most of the time their votes hardly count. when voters vote, they dont really vote for the president, but for a slate of electors who elect the president. awhile back in , states sent two slates of electors to congress, instead of one. now is that really fair? maybe it was a mistake, but i hardly doubt it. what if it happens again, its very hard to trust these people. the electoral college is unfair to voters also because of the winnertakeall system in each state. whats wrong with this you may ask, well see candidates are very smart, and know what they are doing. they dont spend time in states they know have no chance at winning.  was the worst, during the campaign, seventeen states didnt even see the candidates at all. rhode island, south carolina, and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt see a single campaign ad. secondly, the electoral colledge lacks democratic pedigree. democrats in texas, or republicans in california, really dont pay attention to the campaign because they know their vote will have no effect. if the president were picked by popular vote, not only would it be more fair and official, but people would take more intrest in voting. but, no voters vote swings a national election. in  about onehalf of the american population did vote, but the difference is, is that they want to express a political preference, rather than others who think that a single vote may decide an election. in , there was a dispute over the outcome of an electorical college, it could happen again. the electoral college method is not at all democratic in a modern sense. when you vote for a presidential candidate, youre actually voting for a slate of electors. see, its not the people who elect the president, its the electors who do. so how is that fair, basically your votes dont count toward anything and youre waisitng your time. richard nixon, jimmy carter, bob dole, the u.s. chamber of commerce, and the aflcio all agreed on abolishing the electoral college, so why hasnt it happened yet? i stongly believe that that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. its very unfair to the voters, and it lacks democratic pedigree. the electoral college can cause many disputes, and arguments. why not just get rid of them? i hope you read this, and understand where im coming from.