just a natural landform the face has been to be called many things but its pretty clear that it is just a natural landform. if it was really made by aliens wouldt there be proof of actual aliens? yeah there should be but there is no proof of aliens, so that is just more proof that the face is just a natural landform. there are many rocky parts on mars and the face is just one of them people are over thinging it when all it is a pices of land. twentry five years ago nasas viking  discovered a shadowy figuer that looked like a human face. the thing that set off the people the most was the shadowness that formed a illuison of a face. then when the face was released to the world everyone though that it had something to do with aliens. peolpe started to but the face in movies, magazines, make it in a book,and people would talk about it on the radio. very few scientist think that it was a alien which i dont think it is a alien. then nasa sent mars global surveyor to retreve more photos of the face. the pictures they retreved clearly showed that theface was just a natural landform. think about it the pictures that were taking back in  the technology wasnt great and then when they retook photos in  they were so much clearer. the technology obviously inhasted over that long period of time. but people were still not convinced so they went to take another look in  and the picture was even better. people want to think aliens are real but they arent and this so called face is has nothing to do with them. if nasa were to take more photoes of it today there would be no one who thinks its a alien. todays technology doent even compare to the technology they had when they took the last pictures of the face, but people are going to believe what they want. all the facts clearly state that the face is just a natural landform. in the beginning when the face was first discovered people though it was a hard fact about aliens ,but technology got better and we could see it better to tell that it was just land. it is really clear to me that all it is a natural landform.