driveless cars coming closer driveless cars are a very touched topic. not only because we see these type of cars in movies ot tv shows, but because we are in the future now. even though these cars are able to steer, accelerate, and brake they are not all the way driveless. driveless cars dont have common sense. driveless cars should not be a part of the future weve been waiting for. first of all, we see the future in movies and tv shows, and we see things we like. for example driveless cars, yeah, they are something humans have been talking for a long long time ago and we have been waiting for them since we first saw the on the big screen. but do we really want them to be a part of our future? we are in the future  is now, good technology, smart people, and determination. we have those things to make the driveless cars but lets think about things that can happen because of these cars. these cars can steer, accelerate, and brake, but they are made to tell the driver when to take over. some have vibrating seats, others flashing lights. would this be something someone would buy? if someone was in a car at night and they are trying to rest, they can easily press the, self navigation button and take a nap without wasting time. what we know is that these cars are not driveless completly and still need the driver to be alert. finally, driveless cars dont think like us. they are robots not humans. in the text it says, most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers knows that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. drivers that can think, not robots that will mostlikely have a problem within and could cause an accident. in conclusion, driveless cars are being talked about a lot lately. we see these cars in movies, tv shows, etc. these cars can accelerate, steer and brake by themselvesd but are not driveless completly, they still need a human driver to be alert. driveless cars dont think, dont feel, the dont have the need to be driving around not knowing how to think. we need human drivers not robot drivers. driveless cars should not be a part of our tomorrow. would anyone want this in our childrens future?