the facial action coding system is not necessary in a classroom enviroment. it can be a distraction from student productivity, it is most likely a costly item, and might not be one hundred percent accurate. there are just so many flaws with the idea. if the f.a.c system was to be placed in a classroom, students will be distratced. for instance the students would be much more concerned about the machine than the actual work in class. a classrom computer could recognize when a student is become confused or bored. students will mess around with the system and try to through it off by making weird facial features or gestures, the computer can not tell if the perosn is lying and some students no matter what they will always be bored. also some students are paranoid and might think that the government is taking information from them or the school is keeping an eye on them and that will be a distraction. to be able to have this advanced peice of technology in a public school it is going to cost a lot of money. because the f.a.c system can be damaged, students will not be albe to go near it t and teachers are going to have to be taught on how to use it which takes their time from them whem they can be planning lessons. if a school were to buy those they might as well use that money and spend it on better supplies for students fix things around the school buy better soap for the bathrooms or something that is worth the money. the f.a.c system is advanced and made by some intelligent people but it might not be completely accurate. there are multiple students that dont like to show their expressions they just have a blank face. in the passage it states each expression is compared against a nuetral face showing no emotion, yet some people just have a resting face where when they are happy they use words instead of facial expressions, or when people choose the unhealthy option and keep it all on the inside instead of letting it all out. the way people feel can not always be determined by a machine. therefore the facial action coding system is pointless. it is better to do things the old fashion way by talking to ine another and being kind. if students are confused or bored they can speak up and let the teacher know. on the other hand if there is someone out there with the extra money then by all means.