exploring venus venus is one of the two clostest plantes to earth, including mars. we dont know a lot about other planets, because exploring them is to hard. the conditions some planets contain are to tough for human contact. even though it would be hard, the author thinks it would benifit us greatly in the long run if we explored venus. the passage states that venus could have been closely related to earth. scientists say that millions of years ago, venus could have been covered by forests and oceans, just like earth. if this statement is true, then there is a slight possibility there is still some form of life, whether it be plants, animals, or even small living cells. the article explains, the planets surface temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. since the surface is to hot for human contact, scientists say that if we fly about  miles above the surface, then we can study the landscape in conditions that are fit enough for humans to survive. it may not be comforatable, as temperatures will still be about  degrees fahrenheit, but we could still survive. the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth, the article explains. even though we could still stay  miles above surface level, the author says that could only provide limited information on the planet. the author says,most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. this means cameras couldnt really capture any detailed pictures of venus. also, if we want any rock samples from the planet then we would have to get up close to the planet. the author claims that scientists are developing machines that can last longer through these conditions. that will allow them to get any samples they need. the passage explains that nasa is working on a robot that can lat up to  weeks in these conditions. they are also trying to gather an old computer that can make calculations wihtout using any electronics. in conclusion, the author supports the idea of traveling to venus to get information about the planet. everytime the author makes a statement detering us from studying venus, he backs it up with a solution. his closing paragraph also says,our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be exopanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. here he states that we shouldnt be afraid of the obstacles we face, but that we should face and overcome them.