limiting car usage would be an extraordinary improvement in everyones daily lives. when you think of bejing, china what do you see? busy streets filled with cars, sky scrapers, and smog. the earth shouldnt be treated like this, when people excessively drive it creates significant amounts of greenhouse gases. also, we shouldnt have to live in this kind of environment, filled with smog, its very unhealthy to inhale these substances. think about a world with no cars for a second like in vauban, germany walking to work which gets in a quick morning exercise, watching kids play with their friends outside, clear skies, oh and actually being able to take a deep breath without suffocating. these are all marvelous reasons to reduce car usage. think of earth before cars there were clear skies, green views, blue seas, birds chirping in the morning. nice right? well, now come back to reality where the air is gray, the fields are covered with roads or dirt, the seas are filled with oil and the sea animals all fighting for their lives. according to experts, passengers are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in united states. is sitting in a car, being lazy, stuck in a traffic jam really worth this? you could be out enjoying the view taking it all in, getting in a few minutes of exercise even. to me, there is no question, i wont be responsible for the lives of others. now, jump forward a few years, imagine excessive car use, black skies, no room to walk. who wants this kind of environment to live in? noone, and thats why we need to change our lifestyles a tad, otherwise this is what it will be like. the smog that cars create is not good for you, it damages your lungs slowly, but surely. my question is would you rather save a few minutes getting to work and die a few years early, or walk to work, enjoying the beautiful view of nature and also getting some exercise in? i think this decision is the easiest one a person could make. lastly, think about the future generations, do you want them to be unhealthy and relying on automobiles their whole lives or do you want them to experience the awesome adventures life has? dont use your car for one day, thats not too much to ask and just appreciate your neighbors, the animals and all the amazing things earth has to offer. that will surely change your mind about using cars and if it doesnt have a nice life struggling to take a breath and see more than a few feet in front of you. i definitely think that car usage has a major negative impact on our environment and it needs to change. cars hurt our earth, our health, and our daily lives distorting us from what we really need. apparently, a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and .. this is an amazing start and i hope it continues.