jonah has had a long day, and he has to drive home late at night. he is exhausted, but has no choice but to drive himself home. imagine if he had the help of his car to keep him alert and staying on the roads until he gets home. with the new driverless cars that are out, jonah can still stay alert, even after a long day. driverless cars are a wonderful, new idea for this day in age. in paragraph , google cofounder sergey brin envisioned a future with public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransportation taxi system. that alone would only use half the fuel of todays taxi system. another reason why this would be such a good idea is because the cars they are using have been driven more than half a million miles without crashing. these cars also have sensors and cameras in just about every part of the car, to prevent accidents. it also keeps the driver engaged in some perspectives being that its a driverless car. although driverless cars are such a great idea, there are some negative sides to it. the driver may believe that they should not pay attention to anything at all, and cause a crash. it is also highly expensive to achieve this idea, and not many people will be able to afford it. drivers could also get bored with it since they are not the ones driving a majority of the time. it is also not fully driverless being that drivers would still have to do smaller things such as pulling in and out of the driveway, or driving through a construction site. even though they may have their negativites, their positive sides outweigh it. although they are not fully driverless, it still keeps the driver engaged, just in case something happens. in paragraph , it says that while the drivers are watching the road, the car watches the driver. it is also enhanced with a spinning sensor on the roof, which detects nearby objects coming by. driverless cars are a big debate. it may make or break the future of cars and technology. there are many pros and cons to this idea, but some outweigh the other alot. driverless cars are a wonderful idea, and should be used more often.