you now that in the paint of the mona lisa she is  percent happy,  percent fearful, and  percent angry, dalto . how we know that because a new technology called the facial action coding system this technology can read your face and tell how you feeling. this new technology is valuable because this is a better way in which humans and computers can release, also the doctor who do this study the emotions and expressions before do this technology and because people communicate more in facial expressions than in words. the facial action coding system is a relationship between humans and computers nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate, dalto . this show how this invent help humans and computers to communicate and understand better. this is important because show how in this time when everything is technology is important that we understand better with the technology and technology understand us better too so this new invent help a lot in the communication between humands and computers. this new invent is valuable because the creator of this before doing this technology study the emotions and the facial expressions then dr. huang relies on the work of psychologists, such as dr. paul creator of facial action coding system. eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness and then associated each with characteristics movements of the facial muscles, dalto . this show how this new technology its valuable. the inventor of this with a psychologist study the emotions and then the movements of the facial muscles. this is important because we can conclude that the emotions and the expression in the facial action coding system are real like the humans expressions and emotions. also people communicate more in facial expressions than in word most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication dr. huang,  dalto . this mean most humans communicate with expressions and not word. its more easy for humans make a facial movement that express his emotion that tell someone how he feel. this is important because show how this invent understand better the humans and not neccesary with word, this understand humans with only his expression. in conclusion we can see how this new technology is valuable. we can conclude that the facial action coding system is a better way in the communication between humans and computers. is important because at this time everything is technology. also we can conclude that the inventor study emotions and facial expressions before do the invent. we can infer that the emotions and expression are fact like that the humans do and fell. humans also communicate more with expression than word so this is very good manner to communicate between humans and computers.