do you believe that a facial action coding system or facs is a good things and is accurate? well i believe that this facs could be a good thing and is accurate. i believe this because it is based on the computer being able to detect your emotions by your facial muscles. the computer will be able to know when a child is confused on the lesson, the computer will be able to see a person reaction to an ad if it is a good reaction then the computer will put more up like that or change it if you were not pleased, and this facs will be able to make video games more realistic. this sounds like amazing opportunity to improve the way we do things in every day life. for starters, i believe facs can be a great improvement in evey day life because of the computer being able to change the wording or assignment based on the childs facial expression. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored..then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this will help improve test scores because the computer was able to modify the lesson so the student can understand. this can also help determine if a stundent will pass or fail the class because majority of the time students fail a class because of test they were not able to pass. in addition, facs could also be a good thing because it will help improve video games. i know what most of you may be thinking why would we want to improve video games so our kids or student could waste their time on the game instead of doing their homework or going to sleep early. this is not why it will be a good thing to improve a video game but it will be a good thing because it can help make a video or video game, surgery video, or be more realistic for games that have to deal with surgeries. the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery, this could help improve the knowledge of a medical student or a high school student taking anatomy. finally, for those of you that hate and like certain ads your in luck. with facs you are able to see ads that please you rather then the one that makes you just want to break the computer screen. with the new facs software you can change the ads with the two most simplest facial expression, such as you smile then the next ad you will see is something similar to the pervious ad. if you hate and ad your frown can change the ad to an ad completely different.  for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this is a good thing because people would not mind ads as much and it might produce sales based on if the person like the product in the ad. in conclusion, do you believe me now when i say t that the facs software is a great improvement. i believe this because the computer will be able to change the lesson if the student is confused, it could change the ads based on two emotions, and making video games or surgery videos more realistic. i hope i persauded you to believe that facs is a good thing for our everyday life.