in the passage the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that studing venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents and i belive he proves that very well of being true. as it stated in paragragh one venus is the brighest point in the night sky that even a amateur stargazer could spot out, but its not a star it is our sister planet. venus may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was proably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. stated in paragraph four also said in paragraph four it says, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. so in my opion i belive we should continue to explore venus because like it says in paragraph five nasa is working on some new ways to make some of those dangers disapear. as of right now nasa is coming up with a way to allow scientists to float above the fray also stated in paragrah five. yes the temputues will still be toasty but the air pressure wouldnt be as bad. now with this type of tecgnology the scientists would only be able to provide limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cant penetrate the dense atmosphere, they also wouldnt be able to take rock samples or anything of the sort from a distance. said in paragrapg six nasa is now working on some more techology that will help us on all these setbacks. now if the mission of exploring venus was is so dangerous why are scientist even discussing further visits to its surface. now i understand where some people are coming from because in paragraph two its says that no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. still all together i belive if we develop the right technology we could manage landing a man on this so called dangurous sister planet of ours just paragraph eight says striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has valuse, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into equally intimidating endeavors. our traveks on earht and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. so lets not let the feeling of fear strike us out of seeing what is outside of our comfert zone, but lets take the giant leap and see what else is out there because you never know untill you see for yourself.