the development of driverless cars would not significantly change the transportation systetems of the world for the better, but would instead create a lazier universe, that intises consumers to become electronically dependent, more so than most consumers already are. driverless vehicles would create time dificulties, untrustworthiness and paranoia between the user and car, and would be an overall waste of time. to begin, in paragraph seven, the article reads that, the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph. a car that would move, at its fastest,  miles per hour would result in a needed flectuation of time arrivals. it would take longer to get to destinations when the driver is not in control. this recquires users to get an inconvenient earlier head start when preparing for simple travel. in addition to time differences, driverless cars are an untrustworthy technological invention. no one can  garantee that these machines will not malfunction, causing a great variety of possibile outcomes, most more dangerous than not. with people manning their own cars, accidents can be more regularly prevented. in addition to the untrustworthy machines, if a computer were to malfunction, and possibly cause death, controversial debates would be likely to occur on who would be at fault. lastly, no vehicle, without the aid of a human driver, has been invented, yet. this means, that along the way, a driver would have to step in and help the computer. therefore, the cars arent really driverless. also, even while the car is on autopilot, there is a need for the drivers attention, in case of an emergency. the whole premise of a driverless machine would be to allow the driver free reign to proceed in other activities. if all attention is required to watch the car, what is the point of creating free time for yourself, that will be spent watching over a machine, waiting for it to malfunction. in conclusion, if the travel will take longer, and cause you to pay attention while being driven, why not just drive the machine yourself to get to destinations quicker, safer, and more affordably. driverless cars are proven time difficulties, untrustworthy, and are an unproductive use of precious time.