i believe that we should be able to have the popular vote, so we can be able to choose who we want as our leader and for the reasons that we want them to lead our country. when we vote we accpect that whoever got the popular vote should be our president we dont want the electoral college to change and over power our voting. we want our right to vote to actually mean something and for us to make some decisions in our country and who should be the leader. when we where given the right to vote and given some power to our popular vote we we were accpecting to be able to use that right to help descide what is best for our country. as it says in the article, you help choose your states electors when you vote for president.... what that means to me is that when we vote for our president we are just helping our electors have a better point in our sperspective. so when we vote we arent really getting what we want we are just helping the electoral college get what they want. we should be the ones who are getting what we want we are the ones out there struggling and fighting for what we want. the electoral college doesnt care about what we want and how we feel about the situation. if we were givven the right to be ablle to vote we accpect for that to happen so there really isnt any point in voting because we still have a chance in having our popular vote getting over ruled. that isnt fare to us to be given a right and it not being any power in our favor. this is the same reason why everyone doesnt vote is because they feel that there vote wont matter do to the electoral college. more importantly we have our right of freedom of speech from the bill of rights. also the electoral college has  electors and they only need a majority of  electoral votes to elect our president. so that means the they get the popular vote as well as we do but the only difference is that they have more power than we do which isnt part of our rights. so that being said they dont care what we say either way its going to end up in a popular vote the will just have the final vote and that means they get what they want. also as the article states in the second section that,  according to a gallup poll in , taken shortly after al gorethanks to the quirks of the electoral collegewon the popular vote but lost the presidency, over  percent of votors would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now.. that right there is saying that he won the votors popular vote bout because of the electoral college he lost the presidency. so he won the part of the election but due to the people with more power he lost which is wrong and shouldnt be allowed. as i was saying the people that actually get effected by the election and the president should have the upper hand in power. another quote from section three, the electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, a nondemocratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled.... there is another reason that the the electoral college should be excluded from the election of the president. in conclusion as the citizens of the united states of america should have the say in who is our leader and how the election is decided. the electoral college should be overruled by the citizens and have there power taken away from them. we the people that want the right president for our country should have the power. as our right to vote should be enforced and respected. also we all should come together as a country and fight for what we believe is right and for what we deserve as a nation.