there have two sides to using this technology to read students emotional expressions. eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness, and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit. new software has been developed that improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. the new emotionrecognition software tracks thewe facial movements. by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. moving your facial musclles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. in fact, these are the instructions for a face that looks happy. its all about those muscular action units. they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. if using this technology to read, the people wont influence their negative feelings, and can manipulate the degree entirely. each expression is compared against a neutral face. but the computer cant influence clearly the feelings because they have some feelings and emotionals are so hard to illustrate. and if not using that, the people can show their real emotion on their faces, to an expert, faces dont lie, these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. in fact, we humans perform this same impressive caculation everyday, you can tell how a friend is feeling simply by look on their faces. most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, surprise... a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. the mona lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. the same technology can make computer animated faces more expressive. so computers need to understand that, too. we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions. whoever thought that making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions and developing better ways for human and computers to communicate.