the facial action coding system is a new technology that enables computers to identify human emotions. using it for students in the classroom would be valuable. itd be valuable because it would benefit students and recognizing others emotions, benefit the students feelings, and itd help the way theyre educated. the way the facial action coding system would benefit students is recognizing their emotions and facial expressions. itd help the way they learn and what content is good in front of them. with certain material, all students interpret it in their own way. it would benefit how they feel about what is in front of them and what theyre learning. facs would help others recognize emotions is because after using it and watching others, one would be educated on the technology and the way it works with humans. in the article it says that the system has up to  major face muscles working just like human muscles. one would learn how the new technology works after using it and it would improve how they read others themselves.  the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. like not smiling as broadly. with that being said from the article, it shows that basically all the same muscles are used to one general emotion and one could adapt that to their mind and be more educated about it. also, facs would benefit students feeling stronger. dalto talks about drama coach, constantin stanislavsky and how he has his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. empathyfeeling someone elses emotional state may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions. so after using the technology and practicing so much of feeling unknowingly, students would learn how to be emotionally healthy and how to balance their feelings. facs would benefit the students and the way they learn by practicing keeping them alert during their lessons and schoolwork online. after the right content being provided due to their feelings and emotions, it would become natural for them to stay focused. in the article, dalto explains how ones feeling will trigger what is in the screen. he says,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. students would be provided the right material as they go about the lesson. in conclusion, the facial action coding system would be very beneficial to student in a various amount of ways. the facs would benefit students with recognizing emotions, benefit their feelings, and the students education. facs will better students and school systems.