in our world today google has made very few driverless cars, that have succeeded very well, actually. i would have to say i am all for the driverless cars that will coming into the world more often. i think it would help us on a few different things. as stated in the text, there has been a lot less wrecks since they welcomed very few of the driverless cars. also, the dirver hasnt lost all control of the car, the driver still has responsiblities. as stated in the text, while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. lastly, these driverless cars are being transformed into public transporation. the first reason why i am all for driverless cars is because wrecks are a big deal for everyone. having driverless cars that would decrease the amount of wrecks that happen everyday. that would also be a good thing for new drivers, or even people that have been driving for years! having driverless cars would not totally take out having wrecks completely, but it would be good to see the amount of wrecks decrease. secondly, the driver has not lost all control of the car in case of an emergency. the driver still has to guide the car through heavy traffic, wrecks, and also in and out of the driveway. i think this addition onto the driverless car is actually a great idea. i say this because it keeps the driver from doing other things while heshe is suppose to be watching the road. also, this doesnt put all of the pressure on the car to do absolutely evrything while the driver is doing whatever heshe is not suppose to be doing. as stated in the text, while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. i think that is also a really good thing about the driverless cars, because if the driver is not watching the road there will be vibrations sent to the drivers seat to alert them to watch the road. having this little alert could be a very good thing to neew drivers as well, because sometimes young, new drivers get destracted and have to have a little alert to put their focus back onto the road. lastly, these driverless cars are also being used as public transportation. that could really benefit the taxi drivers, or even the public bus drivers. this could benefit them because thats their job and thats all they do all day, everyday. driving a car and or bus around can get boring, and could make you really tired. its always good to be able to take a break but also get your work done at the same time. finally, i would say that having driverless cars would be a good idea. it would be a lot safer, and effecient for everyone. driverless cars may have some downfalls, but there are certainly more pros about them.