the future is full of all sorts of amazing innovations and technologies. life would not be the same without technology, and it seems like no one could live a day without it. each year the driving age requirement lowers and more accidents are occurring. although driverless cars are very intreeging, there are too many disadvantages that require everyone to rethink if this is what they truly want. the main unappealing aspect of technology and engineering is that driverless cars do not have eyes, ears, or a sense of touch. they solely rely on their sensors and other detecting qualities. there is no way to hear if danger is coming, so how could a car react? they may be able to detect someone or something as it approaches, but would it be too late to stop? there are just some things that are safer if put in the hands of a living, sensing organism rather than a cold piece of hardware. although it may not be the very first question in mind, everyone has to wonder about the costbenefit ratio. if these cars really can drive themselves, how many people would be able to afford them. are these cars any good if only a few people are using them? in addition, at the moment, self driving cars are only functioning at  mph. this is not even a major road speed. no one would spend a fortune on a car that can mostly drive itself at a staggering  mph. this just is not reasonable. there are some people who can afford these advanced machines, but there is not a high enough demand to continue developing the cars. the very last thing any one would like to think about is a malfunction. technology nowadays is very advanced, but as anyone around technology would know, they do not always work. electronics such as the sensors always have the capability to not act as they are expected. distracted driving is a problem that leads to crashes, but if there were semiself driving cars, drivers would still be distracted. if they needed to take over and react, who is to say they will be safer? the whole point of the driverless car is so no one needs to stay alert. in addition to malfunctioning, the car could steal control. if there is a situation where the driver needed to control, what if the technology thinks it is smarter and tries to override it? there are just too many problems with putting a , pound piece of machinery, capable of killing a man in an instant, in the hands of some sensors all so the driver can relax. there may seem to be many great qualities to having a self driving car, but there are no gauruntees in what that entails. cars can not sense the world in the same way as humans, and they are simply not living and reacting. there is a major cost commitment on something potentially dangerous, and no way to help if the car takes over your driving abilities. when in doubt, the driver knows what to do, but will he be able to do it? there should be research in how to make our driving safer for everyone and not just an easy task to take lightly.