do you wanna know how people feel about the driverless cars, well here is more information. my argument for this passage is i am against the devolpment of these new driverless cars. some of the reasons i am against the devolpment is because i feel its a waste of money, still requires a driver, and saftey. if they are not completely driverless and safer than the normal cars would be qhy should we devolp them. these are the reasons of why i am against the development of the driverless cars. one of the reason i am against the devolpment of the driverless cars is because it could become a waste of money. the way it could waste money is by the number of production have to be made to supply the world with one which involves a lot of material. also if the computer fails at some point and people crash then there is a higher chance that the manufacters would get sued. as it states in the reading that if the technology fails and somone is injuired who is at faultthe driver or the manufacter. this is the reasons how its a waste of money follows in line with being against the devolpment of the driverless cars. aonther reason i am against the devolpment of driverless cars is because they are not all the way driverless. the driver has to take over at some point in time. one reason they would have to is if the car senses danger the driver is suppose to take control. it states that there has to be a driver in the car. this is the reasons how i am against the driverless cars because its not complety driverless. last but not least reason of why im against the development of the driverless cars is because of safety. they are not really going to be that safe because of the driver will be entertained so they arent bored which will cause them not be alert so if they have to take over they wont know what to do. its states this in the reading that bmw stated in paragraph eight or nine. they may be better for enviroment but not for peoples health concerns. this is the reasons where i feel the car lacks safety and this is why im against the devolpment of the driverless cars. in conclusion, i have listed some of the main ideas of why im against the devolpment of the driverless cars. i aslo had followed and supported those ideas with details from the articles. i had came up with the reasons im against the devoplment is because of waste of money, not to proper about being totally driverless, and the safety features. this is my arguement of why im against the devolpment of the driverless cars.