venus is one of the closest planet to earth, second in comparison to mars who switches that role every once in a while. venus is considered to be one of the most earthlike planets that is in our solar system and many scientists want to know more about this treturous planet. venus has its downs even though the planet is always being looked at for exploration, the conditions can not be survived by humans, but even so nasa is still working on different solutions to get there. the evening star, venus, in our solar system is the brightest star in the earths sky bringing curosity to many of the scientists working at nasa. these people want to explore venus and all it has to offer but there are some drawbacks. the passage talks about how every past mission, unmanned, sent to venus has failed and no spacecraft has survived for more than a few hours in this toxic environment. not to mention the not a single spacecraft has touched down on the surface of venus in almost three decades. the planet venus might at one time have been the closest planet to earths conditions known to man, and from what scientists do know venus has rocky sediment which shows signs of valleys, mountains, and craters. although scientists continue to have an interest in this dangerous planet there are some key factors of how this planet can not be explored. venus has an environment that humans can not live on because of how extreme the conditions are. the atmoshpere on venus is about  percent carbon dioxide which is not compatible with human life as well as the clouds that are made of corrosive sulfuric acid. this combination makes it almost impossible for light to enter the planet. the average temperature on the ground of venus it around  degrees on any given day, which is almost x hotter than the warmest places on earth. this is the hottest temperature of any planet in our solar system. these conditions on the ground of venus are even more dangerous than any submarine going into the deepest part of the ocean, so hot that most metals would liquify. it is hard to even conjuor how nasa is even going to begin to think of an idea as to how to get some type of spacecraft up to venus. even though the conditions are deadly to humans nasa is still working on ideas of how to study venus, and they have some ideas. scientists have studied simple electronics made of silicon carbide to help with preventing the heat from damaging the expensive technology within, but with testing the spacecraft would only last about a week on the surface of the planet. another theory originates with technology used in world war ll and has computors that arent as technologically advanced but can still produce viable information. these computors are made up of gears and levers in order to write up important information. the strong metals in the older computers are proven to hold up better against harsher weather conditions over the tin mostly used on newer forms of electronics. the latest theory, and the one that may just work, is to create a flying mode of transportation in order to keep the technology from touching venuss hot surface. putting the craft up into the air about thrity miles makes the conditions almost the same as if they were on the earths surface. these strong ideas of how scientists may study this hazordous shows how new and better ideas can develop in the future. understanding different planets in our solar system may be able to help with how we take care of the one we currently live on. the exploration of venus may become a true and not as daunting task with our scientists persistence in curiousity of the harsh planet. being that venus is at some points the closest planet to the earth it is important for humans to understand what it has to offer, after all it is called earths twin planet.