technology is rapidly advancing with each passing moment. newer andfastertechnology is being used everyday making the world a better place. the world has also started implementing technology into the schools kids learn in today. the use of technology creates new ways of learning that can benefit students and make them better and brighter contributers to society. the fac or facial action coding system can read emotions and put them into data. it has six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. the fac does this by making a computer d model and makes all  major muscles in the face and makes them function. by doing this, teachers could read students faces telling what kind of emotional state theyre in. by cataloging each student with their current emotion, we can find out wht makes them hesitant to certian problems and what we can do to fix it. since emotion is a key part to human communication, the fac is very benefical to the classroom. the face generates all emotions into a language that most people can read. the new technology can show the depth of emotion over great distances. this can proove benefical to students who take online classes via computer. the teacherprofessor can not only communicate with students but can now distinguish areas of study that might frighten people sothat lesson plans may be adjusted. the technology could read how happy someone is who received a good test score or personal goal that a student has reached. the fac tells us emotions but what can we do to change peoples current emotion. studies show that when you make a face, you feel that emotion youre pretending to be in. the fac could possibly prescribe the user an emotion to help them if they are sad. the users could then be prescribed a joke or something that will make them laugh or giggle. the happier a person is, wouldnt they be less doubtful and more confidant towards more challenging tasks. the possibilties for this technology are endless. the fac could revolutionize the way people learn. the fac could tell teachers where they should focus more and where they should direct their attention. the fac can also give the teachers a way to see into the type of learner people are and how they truely feel about caertain subjects. another good use for this technology could be to prescribe a dose of happiness to students tobrighten their spirits to help them during a test. the facis truely benfical to students in the classroom.