in the article the challenge of exploring venus , the author claim that altho its dangurious and hard to explore venus, its still worth the cost. acording to this essay venus is the clostest planet to earth. it is very hard to go to venus. it is a very challanging prostest, but the author said despite the dangers to go to venus its still worth it. meatle melts when it land on venus that is how hot it is. every machiene that landed on venus survive for only  hours. the author still think its ok to explore venus. in my own opinion it is not woth it. you land on the planet, lets just say you survive the ride witch is imposible. i dont hear anything about water. all i heard is acid and hotness. venus it the hottest planet in our solor system. we are not talking about my opinion ok we are talking about why its worthy to go to venus dispite the danger and how the author supports this idea. the author is saying that it is worth the cost because, venus is the clostest planet to earth. in about  miles above the tempeature will be aound  degrees fahrenheit,but air pressure would be close to the sea level on earth. if you think about it its still liveable. the author supports this idea by telling us how to like up there. we would need some sort of flying object that would stay up there and not fall down. we need that so we dont contact with the ground that will cook you alive if you fall down. we need things like jets to fly through storms, like on earth. it might soud imposible but, venus might be the only planet that humans could survive in if our world got distory. even nasa supporth his claim. so there you have it. do you agree or disagree to the authors claim? i personlity dissagree buts some might agee. i might lack in knolege, i dont know. you might think that venus might be the only opction. but what about mars. are we forgeting mars here? if you think about it, anit mars a better place. mars got water, does venus have water? it was once an ocean like earth. key word once.