i am personally for the development of these cars. driverless cars can bring so much to the world. impaired driving accidents would decline in numbers because of these cars. one of the goals of driverless cars is to eventually have taxis from driverless cars and use less fuel as they would be more accessable than buses. these cars would also provide safety to the elderly. once these cars are produced at large rates it will change everything. impaired driving is one of the most talked topic on the news as they are the cause of many deaths all through the world. driverless cars could decrease the amount of deaths from impaired driving as the intoxicated driver could select an option to tell the car that he is unable to drive. the car could then safely take them home without the risk of anyone losing their life. other forms of impaired driving exist such as texting. reducing the amount of impaired driving deaths could help many people. the cofounder of google envisions a world where these cars could function as taxis and lower fuel usage. big cities like new york city could benefit from this as they have hundreds of taxis throughout the city. lowering fuel usage in just new york city would save not only fuel but also help the enviroment. in smaller cities everyone would not need a car. they would call for a taxi and just go where ever they need to go. everyday people always encounter elderly drivers who just seem a little too oblivious. special cars with some sort of elderly setting could make driving safer for them. sometimes an elderly person just wants to get out of the house and drive around. well these cars would enable them to do this in a safe manner. this way they wouldnt run a red light or ignore a stop sign and potentially risk someones life. in conclusion mass production of driverless cars would benefit thousands of people. no one would be in risk of their life taken because someone made a choice to drive while impaired. lower fuel usage would help our enviroment. elderly people could be safer on the roads. this technology will help many for different reasons and will make roads a safe place for everyone.