studying about space can lead people to wonder so many things. in a article called the challenge of exploring venus, it leads even the author to think deeply about space. in this case, about the planet venus. some may know that space has many dangerous in it. venus might be dangerous to humans but it is worthy to study and that there are many features which human can reconsidered their beliefs. the first reason why venus is worthy to explore is that there are more solar energy in the planet than our planet. venus is the second planet in our solar system. even though venus is closer to the sun then earth, the solar power are almost the same. the solar power in venus wont exceed the solar power on earth. they are basically at the same level. venus has a solar power that would be plentiful if humans live there. on earth, we get solar power but not all the places on earth can get them all. for example, like antartica or iceland. however in venus, humans would get plenty of solar everywhere on the planet. the second reason why human should change their beliefs about venus is that long time ago, venus was belief to be covered in oceans. some scientists believed that venus could support various forms of life just like on earth. venus has familiar features with earth such as valleys, mountains and even craters. this features can make people believe that this planet can support not just human life but other forms of life. on the other hand, sometimes venus can be too risky. the planets atmosphere is  percent carbon dioxide. also the clouds are in highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere. the average temperatures are over  degress fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on earth. this temperature can also melt metals. this planet is pretty high in temperature. even though the temperature on venus can be extremely hot, nasa are coming up with an idea where humans will float over the hot ground temperature of venus. this would help humans because now the temperature would be at around  degrees fahrenheit and also the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on our planet. now, humans can have many plentiful sunlight and dont have to worry about the colds. also, since venus is one of the closest planet to earth, we dont have to worry about how long it will take. it will take way shorter time than other planets in our solar system. in conclusion, venus does not seems as bad or horrific as some may think of. the planet has many plentiful sunlight and solar power. it also have earthlike physical feature. for example, it has mountains, valleys, and craters. it was also once beliefed to be covered in water which can give various forms of life. venus though is a hot planet with  degrees fahrenheit and that  percent of the planet is covered in carbon dioxide. even though it may be hot, we humans always think positive. in which nasa are coming up with ideas. ideas where human would float above the ground and we would be getting many sunlight. now, people can changed their beliefs that outer space can be dangerous but they also have a good side and many wonderful things to know and discover.