when people think about their car, they do not think about making it drive them around. they tend to think they are in control and operationg in manually. this is not the case with driverless cars. the passage, driverless cars are coming, gives very good reasons why they could work but they are not good enough. driverless cars are dangerous, cost people enoumous amounts of money to manufacture and sell them, but they could aid in reducing the air pollution. driverless cars are controled by very advance pieces of technology. the people as a whole know that anything controlled by a comuputer or piece of equiptment can break down or have a malfuntion. the passages says in paragraph  that these types of cars are banned. states like californina, nevada, and florida deam it unsafe to even test these cars. there are even laws passed against them. so, why produce something that could be potentially harmful everyone? when trying to make one of these cars, no one ever stops to consider the cost. people are spending billions and billions of dollars to make and opperate these cars. to make a driverless car, it would require technology that no ordinary person has lying around. not only does it cost loads of money and time to produce them, car companies would have a hard time trying to sell them. in the end, people should not invest in a driverless car because they cost enomous amounts of money. although driverless cars have many negative attributes, they can also aid in lowering the pollution in the air. the technolgy used in producing these types of cars is just like the workings of a smart car. smart cars run on electricity and do not rely so heavily on gasoline which in turn plays a large part to the pollution in the air. driverless cars can help to make these rates decrease because they would depend on gasoline to run properly. all in all, they could help the world in reduce the pollution and improving the atmosphere. driverless cars are a safety hazard, cost too much, but can aid in reducing the pollution levels. although the passage have very good points on why these cars are great, these points are not enough to make anyone want to buy it.the idea behind driverless cars is amazing, but there is no real future in it. so, when buying a new car, remember to be concincious of your choice.