cars are going to be gone in the near future. there have been talks and actions taken place to assure we limit our car usage. we as the united states seem to have pasted our use for cars as independent owners. we have also started several different programs or actions around the world to assure we stop pollution with the use of cars. another way we have stop the use of car is car free days in some parts of the world. also cars are believe to be stressful to human beings. in some parts of the world mainly bogota, colombia they have start to reduce the use of cars to avoid pollution and promote the use of other types of transportation. as it is stated in source   carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by selsky  the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. this quote goes to show how we are starting to try to limit the usage of vehicles in this world. also stated in source   paris bans driving due to smog by duffer paris enforced a partial diving ban to clean the air of the global city. on monday motorists wit evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. this shows that paris even supports the limiting car usages by humans. therefore us as the united states we have shown that even we are behind in our glory days of driving cars. as stated in source   the end of car culture by rosenthal  recent studies suggest that americans as buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. so with that have been said we need to understand we drive no matter what but slow but surely we will stop driving in general. due to the fact of that we do need to decrease our carbon release a pond the world. as it also states from article  or source  if the pattern persistsand many sociologists believe it will it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind the power plant. this quote shows how it will affect us and also how it will benefit us as well. although driving feels amazing it gives you tons of stress to an individual. not only that but it also makes you sometimes want to hurt someone. as well as feeling upset and sometimes wanting to cry due to a lack of funds to pay for gas as well as the worry of other drivers on the road. as stated in source   in german suburb, life goes on without cars by rosenthal a man states when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter. this goes to show us how we are affected by riving and even a little time away from the wheel can benefit us greatly. another point on driving is stressful a man states in source   carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota he states its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. said carlos arturo plaza. this goes and show a lot of people are in support of this act or idea. in conclusion limiting car use will benefit us in many ways but barely affect us at all. the main idea is to limit car usage and we can do that by the law that forces us stop car use in general. another way we can accomplish this is by being an average teen in the united states. an added bonus is that we have loads of stress by driving. the limiting the use of driving is a way we should use to benefit us as human and to be more joyful.