there was a world before cars. one without polluted air, green house gasses, and holes in the ozone layer. transportation was done the old fashioned way, with your two legs. aside from your legs, we now have other methods of transportation aside from legs and motor vehicles, such as bikes. technology is on the rise.. but are cars on their way down? a new trend is starting, and like all good trends they have hefty price tag. an excerpt from in german suburb, life goes on without cars written by elisabeth rosenthal in the new york times . in paragraph two it gives an example of the expensive lifestyle to live if you would choose to live with a car, car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to parklarge garages at the edge of the development, where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home. not going green comes with a price tag. residents of this new community are pleased with the cut down on motor vehicles. less stress, less pollution. according to the text in paragraph five passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe.  may not seem like much, but if you look at the big picture, its quite the amount. another issue that is caused by motor vehicles is smog. smog is what happens when there is fog and a mixure of gasses created by the exhaust in a motor vehicle. pollution in paris is at its all time high. in an article from the chicago tribune by robert duffer, paris bans driving due to smog in paragraph eleven says, on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars ar home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to the oddnumbered plates the following day. this ban gives people the opportunity to cut back on fuel by car pooling, taking public transportation, or riding a bike. many drivers did not cooperate and approximately , drivers were fined. consistency is key, will paris continue the cut back? around the world officials are working to cut back. bogota, colombia has the car free program which bans all but busses and taxis and leaving anyone who doesnt obey to pay a  fine. in an excerpt from carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky written in the seattle times paragraph twent two says, the turnout was large, despite gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on bogota. this shows although there is bad weather people are still set on reducing motor vehicle transportation and decreasing smog. along with the reduction of car usage bogota is encouraging sports and outdoor play. sidewalks have been enlarged and smoothed with leaves way for walkers and bikers. parks have opened up as well as sports centers. are use of motor vehicles really decreasing? in an excerpt from, the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal from the new york times in paragraph  shows evidence, a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and .... car culture is ending, and going green has just begun. around the world from paris, to bogota, to the united states we are all cutting back on motor vehicle use. this will be a project that takes many years to finish but with the team work of the world, most definately anything can happen.