unmasking the face on mars unmasking the face on mars tells us about the face that was on mars. everyone think it is created by aliens.i think it is just a natural landform. i say this because in the story unmasking the face on mars in paragrapgh  it said when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. an enormous head nearly two miles from end to end seemed to be staring back at the cameras from a region of the red planet called cydonia. i feel like they just spotted the photo in just took a picture of it. other people think it is alien movement going on up in mars.ithink that because in paragraph  it said  although few scientists believed the face was an alien artifact photograpghing cydoina bacame a priority for nasa when mars global survyer mgs arrived at the red planet in sept. , eighteen long years after the viking missions ended. they are saying some of the scientists do feel like it was an alien movement. i think some of the scientists are trying to tell other peopleit is a alien movement to. in paragraph  it said  the  face on mars has since become a pop icon. it has started in hollywood flim, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspireacy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an civilization on mars. i think it is a landform because they just took pictures of it. they didnt see any type of movement. in when people are sent to out of space they would have seen aliens, but they didnt. now people are trying to bring up all the aliens things. if we had aliens we would have known by now. so, i dont see why people are trying to say we have aliens on mars. if there were aliens they would be in a label testing right about now. people would know. everyone tell and say things on facebook so it would have been going around by now. we dont have aliens. i say its just a natural landmark. they just took pictures of it. in paragraph  it said  and on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydoin for the first time, michael and his mar orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times shaper than the oringal picture viking photos. thousand of anxious web surfers web site were wating when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing. . . a natural landform. there was an alien monument after all. so, they are basically saying there wasnt a alien after all. also in paragraph  it said  in fact its hard work.  mars global surveyor is a mapping spacecraft that normally looks striaght down and scan the planet like a fax machine in narrow . kmwide strips. we just dont pass over the face very often, he noted. h is basically saying they dont go over the face very often.they went over it to prove to people it wasnt a alien movement.