prof. thomas huang, claims that the facial action coding system facs, is able to detect a persons emotions by percentages. i believe that this system is foolish and is not accurate whatsoever. although doctors and professors show that it is true, they do not truly know what that person is going through just by looking at their face. some may say a raised eyebrow means somebody is suprised, but you never know if someone was born with that raised eyebrow and could possibly be sad or happy. this system does not seem to be accurate and should not be used in the future. when figuring out somebodys feelings, only that person knows what they are feeling on the inside. by looking at someones expressions, this does not do any justice, but listening to what they have to say and their tone of voice does the job. when hearing somebodys tone of voice, you can hear and feel their emotions. also, some people may show their emotions by their artistic skills. some may draw, write, build, etc. for they may have a hard time describing how they truly feel. listening to what a computer has to say about someone does not seem accurate and just flat out sounds unreal. psychologists know the artistic technique as well. some may even suggest to their patients to write in a journal or to draw how they feel. they can also know somebodys feelings when having a therapy session. they know when somebody wants to continue a conversation or put it to an end. it is all in that persons voice and they are professionals when doing this. facial expressions may help in certain situations, but that is rarely. somebody could come off as a wild and lively person, but on the inside they can be heartbroken and lonely. i think by going up to someone and having a conversation is what is best to do, in order to see their emotions. someone may look sad or even mad, but by going up them and talking to them, they could be the happiest person you know. conversation is key and it is such a nice way to not only get to know somebody, but to also see how someone is feeling deep down.