in the passage the challenge of exploring venus, the author talks about the studying of venus and its worthy pursuit despite its danger. the author evaluates and supports this idea by stating facts . he talks about the planet and gives examples. while giving examples he asks questions for you to think about while reading the rest of the passage. the author supports his idea that exploring venus is a challenge by stating that no person who has landed there has lasted more than a few hours. which is proving why it is a challenge because it is dangerous . although it is the closest planet from earth the passage states that not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. venus is  degrees fahrenheit and a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. that can kill you at any moment because you can burn to death and you are breathing in bad air. the author states that these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. the author is saying that yes earth is dangerous and that we could die here but going to venus is a bigger risk and could kill everyone that went. but, if we only send two or three people up they could see how dangerous it is . if they survive they would be able to tell us what equitment we would need to go back up there and study safely. if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? the author is stating that scientist are putting peoples lifes in danger and are not finding diffrent way to study this planet. the author also states that the value of returning to venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive? the author is simply asking if they will try and come up with a safer way to study venus than just keep sending people up who obviously are not going to make it. nasa has been studying different and safer way to study venus. it may be able to help scientist study venus a safe way and not kill multiple people. in the passage it states for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this supports the author by saying that the challenges are bad but there is also can also be a solution is people try hard enough. it also can help scientist study venus the safe way.