in retrospect, people use to be able to live a happy carefree life before cars were invented. cars were just something people used to be able to get to places quicker, and to be able to leave when ever we wanted to. a car used to be a luxary item, and now a car is a nessecity for most humans. some countries are helpingbut americas love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling,source  the cause. the benefits of limiting car usage are it will help the environment, it will reduce most citzens stress levels, and it will regulate money in different way. the benefits of limiting car usage is that the evvironment will be a lot healthier. according to experts automobiles are a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tail pipes,source . the environment is very important to keep healthy. cars are very polutefull after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city, source  towards the environment. also connecting to the benefits of limiting car usage helps relieve stress. according to heirun walter, a media trainer when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,source . without cars more colombians in a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carefree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily deviod of traffic jams,source  were more active. when you exericise it helps you to relive stress. to most people money is very important. now without having cars our money get regulated thru a public bus or subways. losing revenue is not a bad thing delivery companies complained of lost of revenue, while expectations were made for plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers,source  for everyone. overviewing it it was the thrid straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines,source  we could make more money off of violators. cars are very umbigitious in most countries. cars are not a neccesity of life. acccording to recent studies americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by,source . citzens who used their car less were saving money, less stresed out and were more evironmentaly considerate. the benefits of limiting car usage are it will help the environment, it will reduce most citzens stress levels, and it will regulate money in different way.