there are many efforts from different countries to reduce car usage. countries like germany, france, colombia, and the united states are trying to raise awareness and get people to not use their car as much. these countries are raising awareness for example by having carfree days, banning driving for a day, turning suburbs into carfree communities, and rasing awareness about how cars affect the enviroment. these counrties are making the efforts to reduce car usage because they know that there are great advantages if citizens limit their car usage. in vauban,germany, lowcar suburban life is their motto. car ownership is allowed , but with a price. as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars and  percent sold a car to move to vauban. heidrun walter says that she is happier without a car and when she did have a car, she says she was always tense. vauban is an example of the efforts and new idea that europe, united states, and elsewhere have to reduce car usuage. some advantages of this lowcar concept is that now stores are being placed in walking distance and malls and resturants are also within walking distance and close to each other. because of air pollution and smog due to cars, paris had to start banning people from driving certain days. if you were caught driving when you werent suppose to, a fine was inforced. almost , drivers were fined according to reuters. diesel fuel was the blame of the smog because france perfers diesel over gas. diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france according to reuters. paris has more smog than most european capitals. this is really hurting the enviroment. while paris was banning cars, congestion was down  percent. besides car congestion being down  percent, other advatages to this car banning was that nonhybrid car companies lost revenue while hybrid and plug in cars were not. this shows how people are aware of the pollution of cars. also, because of the reduced driving, the smog in paris was cleared enough to stop banning certain vehicles from driving. a big event in bogota, colombia is their carfree day. only buses and taxis were permitted. violators of the carfree day faced a fine. the turnout was large even though there was rain. the rain hasnt stopped people from participating, said the bogota mayor antanas mockus. citizens of colombia were happy participating in the carfree day. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said buisnessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode his bike. municipal authorities from all over the world came to see this event. the citys mayor also says that the day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mid s. the advantage of the carfree day has made parks and sports centers more popular to go to and other advatages is that the old sidewalks are being replaced with new paved ones. the traffic has also reduced. in the united states, president obama goals are to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions. the enviromental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities. the efforts to reduce driving is paying off. a study found that driving by young people has decreased  percent between  and . mr. sivaks research shows a large drop in the percentage of  to  year olds getting a liscense. in new york, there is a new bike sharing program and that can help people to choose to take bike instead of riding in a car. all these efforts are helping people make the decision to limit their car usage and based on the facts, there are alot of advantages if you limit car usage. this is only a start to raise efforts to reduce car usage, but i feel in the future we will be seeing a lot more people walking and biking than riding their car.