cars. relyed on by many people. used to go anywhere and everywhere. they are comfortable and cool to look at, but are they really as great as everyone thinks they are? they pollute, they cause accidents, they destroy the enviornment and they cost a lot of money and sometimes its more then people have. yes, cars make everything easier for you but what happens when there is a bad traffiv day and you are already late to work. sometimes cars arent always a great thing. gas. the first thing i think of when i hear about cars. they put so many toxins in to the air that can kill everything around them. in the article it talks about paris banning car driving due to the fact that the smog or gas coming fromm the cars was becoming unbareable. congestion was down  due to the fact that the smog had intensified. beijing, china happens to be the one of the most polluted cities in the world due to cars. the fuel in cars is pushed out the exhaust pipe when the car is driving which then pollutes the air which makes it hard for things that need air such as the surrounding animals, plants and humans such as our selfs. another thing that causes problems with cars is the fact that traffic jams and accidents that are just waiting to happen at any moment. someone who doesnt know how to drive very well hits someone else and it causes an accident leaving people hurt. not to mention the stress and the road rage that driving puts on people. going outside and walking to work or going to the park with out all the problems of being stuck in a car and enjoying the fresh air is a great way to start any day. on the day that bogota, colombia decided to have a carfree day people had hiked, biked,skated,and walked. these are things that im sure people wouldnt have done if they were still allowed to still drive their car. how would cars drive if they didnt have the roads that we build? how do the roads get there? they get put down where there used to be trees and land. people destroy and take apart the earth and the put down roads and buildings. what do people plan to do when they have taken down all the trees and used all the space that the earth has to offer? there will be nothing left. cars are great and all, i understand that they are fast and they make life simplier but people are getting lazy and they are starting to not care about their surroundings and its sad. cars are not cheap. they take time and money. when a car has a problem or breaks down you have to pay to get it fixed. you have to pay to put gas in your car and depending on how much gas your car needs, it can put a hole in your wallet. cars. we use them, rely on them to take us where we want to go, use them for entertainment such as nascar and monster trucks. one day all the cars will be gone and then what will the world do.