to explore or to not explore. the exploration of the planet venus is a debated topic. both positives and negatives present themselves, but still leave room for doubt and interest to hang in the air. the author of this article does a very satisfcatory job in presenting the worthiness of the space exploration of venus. he presents the dangers of the mission with honesty, highlights the fascinating elements of venus to build interest, and provides the inventions and accommodations to make this space exploration possible. the author begins by presenting the dangers of the exploration on venus. he describes the highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere and the erupting volcanoes, powerful eathquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. this honest approach allows the reader to see reality, and the authors understanding of the opposing side. this also sets up a platform for the author to state positive reinforcements. now, the author has an opportunity to present the beneficial aspects to exploring venus. he includes many details to do so. the author says that venus may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system and that venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. he also includes that venus is our nearest option for a planetary vist, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. fascinating details about the planet build interest and curiosity. by presenting a few positive elements the planet has to offer, the author does an excellent job at supporting his personal claims that venus is a planet worth exploring. lastly, the author includes solutions to potential dangers of space exploration. he mentions nasas possible solutions to hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. he also presents the idea of a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions. one final detail he presents is that simplified electronics made of silicon carbide are being produced, and have been successful under a simulated venus environment. by stating these accommodations and inventions, the author does a great job at providing posible solutions to dangerous conditions, and allows the reader to see the real possibility of a prosperous journey to venus. the author of this article presents the aspects of venus exploration with clarity, and satisfies his claim by providing intriquing facts about venus, and the inventions that can make it all happen. the author is not manipulative, but simply states information of all aspects, and encourages the reader to expand their imagination. because of the authors organization, clarity, and positive reinforcement, the audience is inclined to agree with him.