wouldnt it be cool to be able to relax while driving? personally, as a driver myself, i do know that driving for long periods of time can be very tiring. your feet get tired and your legs become ressless. if you were able to just sit back and relax while the car was being driven, and you only had to be attentive when a problem occured, is that an experience that you would want to partake in? i believe that driverless cars could be very convienent for drivers, and i think that they should be put to use. they would become very popular because as it says in paragraph two, television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves.. many people would want to own one for themselves, and be able to get the experience. everyone would know about it because the media would make it be very well known, and the companies that would be selling the driverless cars would make lots of profit. many people might say that it is dangerous and could cause a tragic car accident, but in paragraph seven it states  in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completley driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navagating through work zones and around accidents. with this being said, drivers must be attentive and remain alert and be ready to take over when a problem like this was to accur. another point that may be brought up in discussion is what if the drivers attention is not able to be grabbed when the car is in need of the drivers assistance? well, in paragraph seven, it says that gm has devleoped drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. other options under concideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays.. these are all things that could be put in place to ensure that the car is able to quickly get the drivers attention. peronsally, i believe that the driverless car would be a great help to every person driving. they would be able to relax more, and they would not have to take so manys stop breaks between round trips . the driver could simply be more at ease while driving, and not have to be so cautious. the driverless car would be more safe for people inside the car, and outside the car such as pedestrians. the driverless car is a great idea.