according to the article, fellow citizens are imformed about the advangtages of limting cars. as it says in the artcle as a result,  percent of vaubang familes not own and  solid a carpercent throw a cow.im much happier his way all of our development since world war  has been centered on the car, and that will change says david. not only were they focused on the car, that was all that mattered at the time. not only were the people trying to make a change an offical of transportation for america, fast growing coalition of hundreds of groups in the united states, who were promoting new communities that are less dependent on cars. mr. goldberg added how much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid. in the united states, the evironmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities not only are they trying to reduce and or limit car useage after days of near car pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. cars are not the only ones taking act in this on monday motorists with evennumbered license plaes were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. backing down wasnt an issue because according to the article almost , drivers were fined, according to reuters. twentyseven people had their car impounded for their reaction to the fine. the article also states diesel fuel was blamed, since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. buses and taxis?it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and textis permitted for the day without cars in capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog the article not only states the day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in begota in the mids. it has seen the contruction of  miles of bicycle paths, the most of any latin american city, according to mockus, the citys mayor. but it also states the end of the car culture. new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those a new pirorities, as do a proliferation of car sharing programs across the nation. a study last year found that driving by young people decresed  percent between  and