if you were told on some days of the week that you are not allowed to drive your car to work, or even use your car at all, would you be glad or happy? many people dont like it at first, but then grow to like the changes and outcome of not using your car as much, or not having a car. some people say they are less stressed by not driving, or owning a car. also people are happier that they are saving money. and they are helping the environment because it is not so polluted and smogged. first off, when you have a car and drive it around all day, and sit in it all day, its stressful. when you are rushing yourself out the door in the morning so youre not late to work, and then you have to sit in traffic for  minutes or so just to get to work, is very stressful. then on your way home from work is very stressful too. you are coming home in what is called rush hour where everyone is getting off work around the same time pm and you just have to sit in more traffic every day! it is less stressful to not have a car, or use your car that much because you can then walk, or ride a bike. so its more relaxing and you get more time outside and excersizing. also when you are not using your car, or do not own a car, you become more responsible and have a better track of time. so that just helps out with not being as stressed out! another reason why people like not driving or owning a car is that people are saving money. if you are not driving as much, then you dont need to go out and pay for gas as often. if you dont own a car at all, then you dont have to pay those monthly bills of owning that car, plus you dont have to pay for gas at all! also by not driving as much or not owning a car does not tempt you to go out and spend the day at the mall, or always go out for lunch and dinner with friends. in todays society, many people want to save money. many people try to save money, but dont know where to start or how to start. and with this way, just may be a helping hint to it. with not driving as much, actually helps our planet and environment. it may not seem like it, but it does. your not polluting the environment, and youre just being one more person to help make it a healthier environment and planet. if we had atleast  maybe  people from each city across america to not use their car  days a week, can make a big major difference in todays society in the multiple ways. it would help out in ways like not being as stressed, saving money, and helping our environment too. there is many reasons as to why not driving as much or not owning a car can help out yourself, and the environment. just by not driving as much or owning a car can make you a better person by not being as stressed out, you save lots of money by not driving so often or owning a car, and you are also helping our environment and planet by becoming a better and healthier place.