have you ever wondered if there are any other living things in the universe? maybe some where in a far away place, maybe on our neighbor mars. a picture surfaced during  showing what looks like a face on mars, people were saying that it is in fact a fact of aliens on mars, but it could also be a landform. first of all, the face in  is much more noticable than it is in the most recent picture from . also, if it were a face were is the rest of its body? is it just a huge head sitting in the dirt. as well, how would such a huge person fit on the planet? the pictures pixels come in at about  meters per pixel. could a face really be that big. conspirests can believe that it is proof there is other living things on mars, but wouldnt finding something on mars benifit nasas budget? nasa could be getting millions if not billions of dollars if they found other living things on mars. goverments would be preparing journeys and preparing astronauts to go investigate the face. also, if nasa was hiding it from the public, the would lose more money because they could start fundraisers to help send people and robots to mars. they would be credited world wide for their findings. the people who controled viking  and  would gain publicity from their findings as well. why would nasa hide something that could put so much money into research? they wouldnt, it cannoto be anything else other than a landform. plus, wouldnt we see many other things surrounding the place. if the face was really part of an extra terestrial civilization, why would they have just a face and no other things surrounding it. wouldnt there also be a little person or something walking around the place. some may say that they are all inside teh face, but then shouldnt there be a visible way of entry into the place. they cant just breach a wall and rebuild it every time they want to enter the place. the camera pixels in the most recent  photo is . meters per pixel. that is shorter than most teenagers, the photo would cleary show some sort of person or another form of transportation in the photo. i personally doubt that the face isnt home to other people who live on mars. i maybe wrong, but until i can see actual information showing that there is and photos, i don t believe it. maybe one day there will be a voyage to this face on mars, but until then i belive that it is just a landform. other people may believe what they want, but it looks exactly like a landform to me. there isnt enough facts to support it is something else, but unless there is a voyage to this place, then it will continue to be just a landform to me.