the challenge of exploring venus the author supports this idea of studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents, because he himself has human curiosity that it should not be limited by danger to learn new things in this planet. in paragraph eight statesstriving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself,... he wants to find new things even though there are risks to get the information for venus. in order to do that he has been working with nasa, has infromation on venus, and some same features. the author has been working with nasa because he want to know more about this sister planet venus. he like exploring new things even though despite the danger ahead. they have tried sending unmanned on pervious missions on venus because they knew humans or living things can go to venus yet. in paragraph two states each pervious mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no sapcecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours.. this shows that it is not safe to go on the planet but how to get study examples to research it. nasa has already some infromation on venus to start with on thier research. since the spacecrafts wont last at least few hours on this planet surface. also venus has the hottest surface even though knowing this it still helps improve the next spacecrafts to last longer by doing experiements on thier labs. in paragraph seven states  nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of siliconcarbide have been tested in a chamber simulating.... venus has a thick atmosphere that is hard to breath like if you are in deep sea level. humans wont be able to breath in that type of envormint unless you have oxygen on you. venus has similliar featuers like on earth that makes you to go venus yourself. the astronomers are fascinated by vanus is earth like plane in the solar system. it has some rocky sediment, valleys, and mountians that we have on earth as well. it will help nasa so much if they got a better closer look at venus and would help scientifcally productive. in the paragraph four states long ago, venus was probably coverd largely with oceans and would have... this planet is nice to go and get the detailes and right information. it is risky to study venus but it is a planet yet to be discoverd by new things inside of it. that means it is better to make a better spacecraft and improve the mission with the knowledge they already got to explore that planet. he has been with nasa, having small information, and earth like features.this helps or make the author to explore more in that planet.