my name is luke bomberger and i made nine trips as a seagoing cowboy. would you like to go on adventures just like me? you should become a seagoing cowboy. you help people in need and still have time for games and sightseeing on your way! as an addition, you can be a seagoing cowboy as your military service. there are so many perks to being a seagoing cowboy. let me tell you about some. as said in paragraph two of this article about me and my adventures as a seagoing cowboy called a cowboy who rode the waves, it was , world war ii was over in europe, and many countries were left in ruins. to help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined together to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration. unrra hired seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. my friend don reist and i joined. we were to take care of the animals on board the ship so that people that need them could be helped. but it wasnt all work. i even said myself, as this article states, besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. taking a gondola ride in venice and seeing the acropolis in greece were both truly amazing. paragraph eight of this article tells all about the games we would play on the ship. it reads, luke also found time to have fun on board, especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time. this is all very true information. the cowboys and i would always have so much fun. you can do all of this when you join the seagoing cowboys! yet another perk is being able to be a seagoing cowboy as your military service. this article qoutes me in paragraph four, and i said, when my draft board learned that i was on a cattleboat trip, they told me to just keep doing that for my service. in conclusion, there are many perks to joining the seagoing cowboys, from simply helping people to sightseeing. there are already many seagoing cowboys, and all of them would be so grateful for more members. we all encourage you to join, and hope you do. think back to all that i have said, and i am sure you will want to join the seagoing cowboys!