in the passage , the challange of exploring venus  , the author names multiple amont of details according to why studying venus is still worthy to pursuit despite the danger that it may present. in the passage the author lists off a bunch of facts about venus including details such as venus being the second plant from our sun. he also mentions venus being the earths twin. the earth and venus both share the same terms such as density, size and occasionally the closest in distance too. the author begins to mention things about how the not one single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades as it states in the passage. in paragraph  , it beings to state the thinkness of the atmosphere is venus. the author beings to compare the tempertature of the earths surface with the surface of venus. as we countine the passge, the author beings to tell us all this and more including the reasons for us to keep studing this plant called venus. nasa, has started working on other ways to study venus. as one of the examples mention in paragaph  , some simplified electionis made of silicon carbude habe been ytested in chamber simutlation the chaos of venuss surface and have lasyed for three week in such conditions. in the same paragragh in states another example ,  looking back to an old technology called ,mechanical computers. the computers mentioned were first envistioned in the s and played an important role in the s which was also during world war ii. the devices made calculations by using gears and levers . they did not require electronics at all. which may be shoking that there were even such devices during this time. in modern day , computers are enormously helpful. they are extremly powerful , flexble and quick. the only problem is that they are way to delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. for example, in the heat you phone may alert you that you may no longer use it until the heated phone has gone back down to an acceptable temperature. so if you can imagine how much sun you get on your phone to say you are not longer able to use it, your electronic devices wil not be able to stay together and end up into acid or heat capable of melting tin. in conclusion , nasa and many others such as the author of this passage belive that studying venus and keep pursuing the adventure despite that the dangerous warnings and the many risk it may contain. there were many examples and many good reasons on why doing this could be a good thing. this can also be a bed thing concidering all the risk that it may bring. some being leaving family behind. the biggest one of all would have to be the hesitance between if youll end up back home or if youll end up dead somewhere and not being found. either way , some will take the challange one just for the adreniline that may come with it and some will not take the risk of dying and not being able to get a chance to say they lived. many might say well why? whats the point of killing yourself after spending millions of dollars just to go and not knowing if you will return . not many will think twice and just waste over millions of dollars just to be remembered either the one who tried of the one who lived and countinues to live the story. either way , the challange is worth it despite of the dangers it presents.