people have loved the fact that there could be cars that can fly or hover over water, but one thing is for sure is that people would like so see a self driving car. many companies around the world like mercedes benz,bmw,audi, and nissan have planned to create a marvelous autopilot self driving car by the year ,but there are some pros and cons that could affect the future of these invention. lets start with the positive side of this arguement. some good ideas that would be perfect for this invention that could change everything forever is that driverless cars will not just help people on regular basis, it could also help other terms like heavy work or abulances or police force. in the last sentence of the text it says  the road to hte truly autonomous car streaches on ahead of us, but we grow clsoer to the destination everytday. in my opinion driverless cars should also be used as tools that we could need to build something better. another pro that could help people would be cars programmed to help the disable people who have lost an eye, or its legs. it would help millions of people around the world and counting. maybe it could drive by itself completly but it could assist the people while person waits on its destination. in paragraph  of the article is says that bmw has relased a cars that can asssist people with the brakes,steer,and acceleration but beyond that the person can also take over the car at anytime. well we have talked about what are the good things about having a driverless car and its factors, but now lets talk about the negative things the cons. one thing that is in peoples mind is that when driving this type of car or buying one in a dealer is their safety and their safety for their children or famliy members on board of a car that drives by itself. if the car that the person bought is not well ajusted or even well tested that is safe to use then why buy something that dosent even have a  full perfect function. that is why in the text it says that most states in the united states have no allowed for auto pilot cars in their streeets is because they are not well ajusted or not very updated as it should be. another con that is kinda bothering me is that people are trying to get more and more reliable and used to the fact that they are more dependable to technology now in days. in my opinion peole are sometimes lazy and huge companies are showing and introducing cars like this to people they are affecting they are affection skills of people and its way of being depedent. therefore those are the good and bad things about having a future car that can actually might or might not help the future more foward or turn back in time.