i think this techonology that reads the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it could help others understand someones feeling. these expressions are coming from the muscles in your body especially your face if you are using a lot of expression. meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crowssfeet around your eyes. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this shows me ways you an figure out someones face expressions if they are serious or not. and it helps you out if they need any help. you could also tell by their muscles if you want to believe them or are they lieing just to get people to like them. this technology could also be helpful because it could tell in school if you actually get it or you dont. if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the same techonology can make computeranimated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. this makes more sense why this techonolgy also could be helpful. this helps students more help and effort on their school works by using this techonology to notify a teacher because a lot of students doesnt want the whole class to know that they dont understand something. this expression technology could help us understand our family or friends around us. humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by thr look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually secribing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. this shows me that this techonolgy can help you around your family or friends because they might be feeling a negative way and you should uderstand that by suing this techonology so you can understand more and make them feel better same as if they are feeling positive you might need to continue having that positive vibe and you know that by using this techonology. i agree with this technology because it shows someones feelings by telling through their muscles. you can tell if they need help or they arent feeling good you can tell through a technology and you could help them out. this technology is a lot helpful in schools because it makes teachers understand more if students get it or not and they could help them out.