the author of this article,  the challenge of exploring venus, he starts off by telling us about the planet. he included some fun facts like it is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. but later on he gets down to his main point studying vensus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author then stating numerous of challenges and risks that venus gives like corrosive sulfuric acid, a thick atmosphere of  carbon dioxide that blankets venus, how the average temperature reaches  degrees fahrenheit, and that the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. earlier in the article the author states to us how,  humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spaceraft survived the landing more than a few hours. further on in the article the author starts to support his idea progressively more. starting in paragraph  he starts to use evidence on how big space administrations like the national aeronautics and space administration or further known as nasa is coming up with more ideas and technology that will create a more safe supporting conditions that will with hold the hostile conditions that venus holds. a little bit into paragraph  the author claims how they invision a blimp like vehicle that hovers  or so miles above the rolling venusian landscape. this invention will not allow us to be able to touch venuss surface and will only be able to provide limited sight on the ground conditions but will avoid all the unfriendly ground conditions. at the end of paragraph  the author states to us that  solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy, but survivable for humans. from that last sentence right there it proves to us that it is survivable for humans, but it is not easy. after hearing that sentence that the author used to help support his idea. i thought that the sentence was something that really affected how he supported his idea. all in all i will say that the author did very well in supporting his idea on is venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. to support my evidence that i supported in evaluation on how well the author did supporting his idea, i looked at the very last sentence in the article in paragraph  and when i read that,  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. that is when i knew he did a good job supporting his idea with evidence in the article.