in the article, making mona lisa smile., the author discusses the idea of using facial action coding systems in a classroom. the facial action coding system is a software that allows computers to read expressions of faces. for example, this program was able to detect that the mona lisa was,  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry.  dalto  this technology could have a great impact on children in school. putting computers with facial action coding system in classrooms, in order to help read students emotions and make the lesson more appealing to them, is a good idea. the facial action coding system would be very beneficial in classrooms. in most classrooms now, there are  students and only one teacher. this is a great responsiblity for a teacher to take on. with computers as help, learning in a classroom could be much more affective. dr huang states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like and effective human instructor. many children in classrooms can fall behind without one on one time with a teacher. however since classrooms are so big, it becomes less likely that a child who wants help actually gets the attention they need. with computers like these in classrooms, kids who need a little extra could get the practice without a teacher. although this technology could be life changing in many ways, it has its flaws. for example, we are still a long ways from being able to put these computers in every classroom. also, the cost of this techonology is unknown. this could add to extra fees famlies have to pay when sending their child to school, some of which may not be ablee pay for this type of computer system. even if the cost of these computers were low and they were able to be in every classroom, would they work properly all the time? technology is not perfect and if the facial action coding system is unrelable, then are they really worth the money? yes, these computers are worth the money. despite all the possiblities that could go wrong with this technology, they still have great potential. children would be getting a better education. some students are ahead of others, and need more of a challenge. the facial action coding system can help those who seem bored in class, which gives the children the oppertunity to learn more in a regular classroom setting. it also makes everyone in the classroom equal. while everyone is on the computer, it doesnt seperate those who need help from those who do. this will boost childrens confidence and teach them to like school more while getting a better education at the same time. there are several benefits to putting the facial action coding system in classrooms in order to help read students emotions and make the lesson more appealing. this system can help provide more challenging material and a oppertunity to learn more for the students who need it. it can also provide more help and extra lessons for the students who are behind in class. overall, the facial action coding system would help out teachers who have big classes. it would provide more one on one time for all students which would boost the rate they learn at, proving it is a good idea to have these types of computer systems in a classroom.