the technology called facial action coding system to identify human emotions should not be developed for a classroom environment. first of all, this software is still technology and cant always be accurate. there is also the problem where this technology would be too advanced and expensive to produce for most computers. humans can also do a better job of telling emotions of others more than technology could. the facial action coding system cannot always be accurate. according to the article, humans make a variety of faces to show expressions everyday. the article explains this by saying, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling as broadly. this shows that human expressions are not always the same and can vary depending on the individual making it hard for technology to detect the exact facial expression. this serves as a big problem when it comes to how the technology could work. other people could usually tell how they are feeling more easily than a computer could. the article states that friends can usually tell how they are feeling by looking at their facial expressions. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. this shows that humans can usually tell how they are all feeling simply by looking at eachothers expressions. others might argue that some people have a harder time seeing what their friends feel and that this software would help them undrestand better. a computer has to look at millions of other peoples expressions and try to tell how they are feeling,while people can usually tell what individuals they see everyday are feeling. the technology and money needed for installing this onto school computers would be way too expensive. the article even states this by saying that home computers would not be abke to handle the algorithms needed for this software. your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. this quote shows that the average pc would not handle what is needed for the software to work. to get the computers needed, you would have to replace all the school computers with newer ones that could handle the capabilities. what is needed to produce these has far more negatives than positives. for example, you would have to replace all computers with newer more advanced ones to help with the lack of computers that can handle this software. further more teachers would not have to figure out what students are feeling by themselves making it harder for them when the software breaks down. also the teachers could more easily tell what their students feel without the software as technology is not always accurate.