in this article, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit, despite the seemingly impossible conditions of surviving on the planet. heshe supports this claim multiple times in the article, saying that,astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this proclamation suggests that venus was once like earth before becoming so inhospitable, implying that scientists could understand a great deal about venuss fate if it was studied. this understanding of venuss transformation into the wasteland it is now would help scientists make predictions about the causes of venuss destruction, allowing them to warn humanity to not make those same mistakes. the last paragraph in the article states that, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavours. what the author is proclaiming here is that overcoming the obstacles associated with analyzing venus is good practice if we want to achieve similar undertakings with mars and possibly even planets that are even farther away, like mercury and jupiter. another point the author makes is that there are multiple ways to safely study venus without risk. the first would be utilizing a blimplike vehicle capable of floating  feet above the ground for extended periods of time, allowing the crew inside to bypass most of the hazardous ground conditions of venus and analyze the surface. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so mile above the roiling venusian landscape...a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. not only that, but nasa has been testing how silicon carbide electronics react to the simulated chaotic conditions of venuss surface. nasa has proved that the electronics can survive for about  weeks under those conditions. with further testing and refinement, its possible that more complex electronics could survive for up to a few months, allowing more time for further data extraction from venuss surface. ...some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions.