i think you should join the seagoing cowboys program because it a really good program. you will see lots of different things that you probabaly have never seen before. wouldnt that be cool? i was one and it was a lot of fun. you get to meet new people and see new things. some things that are a downside are when you are on the ship and a storm comes you have to make sure everything is latched shut and close everything. you also have to make sure that no one or nothing gets thrown overboard. it almost happened to me once, i was a watchman on my second trip. my job was to check on all of the animals every hour. well, one night i was doing just that and i slid down a slippery ladder. i thought that i was going to go overboard, my heart was racing as i shot feet first toward a big opening in the side of the ship. i thought i was going to die, but i didnt obviously cause im still here talking to you. well, a small metal strip stopped my slide, keeping me from going overboard. it was the best moment of my life when that metal strip saved me. now that that is over with i am goign to tell you some amazing places you might be able to go. these trips where amazing for a small town boy like me. i would have so much fun in the places that we would go. most people thought that it was just work, work, work, but in all of reality it was some work and some play. once i went to the panamal canal on my way to china. that was really fun. another time i went to greece. i turned  before arriving in greece and that meant that i could be drafted fo rmilitary service. i wanted to, but when the draft board found out i was on a cattleboat trip, thet told me to keep doing that for my service. sometimes we wouldnt have anything to do on the return trips so we would play games like baseball and vollyball in the empty holds where the animals were housed. we would play fencing and boxing, sometimes even tabletennis and whittling. also we would read. these games where used to pass time because we had a lot of it. in conclusion, i think that you should join the seagoing cowboys program. there might be some scary moments, but there are definetly some fun ones too. it is a really good program to just start a military career. you might even go on as many trips as me and if you do i will pray for you cause it is a lot of work.