in the article making mona lisa smile, the author introduced a new technology. it is called the facial action coding system. it enables computers to identify human emotions. those emotions can be portrayed on a human or on a painting scuh as, the mona lisa. this new technology, facial action coding system, is valuable. it is valuable because it can figure out exactly what someone was feeling and it could help schools. now, figuring out exactly what someone was or is feeling may not be so important to you. it could be very important though. for example, in the passage making mona lisa smile, paragraph , the author tells us exactly how mona lisa was feeling. she was  happy,  disgusted,  fearful, and  angry. for the moste part she was happy right? but what about the  of her feelings that were filled with disgust, fear, and anger. whatwas causing those feelings. think about it. if we can figure out exact emotions of people from the past, we could dig in and find out a lot more about our worlds history. those  of emotions could be nothing at all, but what if it was a major. what if it was something we didnt know about her. this new technology could also help out schools. in aragraph , the author talks about how the facial action coding system could potentially improve classrooms. that would result in smarter people in this world which is great. the technology could read your facial expressions to see if you are bored. if you are bored, then the technology could improve the classroom to be more interesting to you. if you are more interested in the subject at hand, then you will understand it better. if you understand it better, you will have better grades and have more knowledge. this will ultimately result in smarter people in the world. so the facial action coding system is valuable. it can help us find exact emotions of a person. it could help us with with our schooling. we could find out so much more about our world and increase the iqs of others. this system could be so important for our world.