do you like to travel around the world, help people from world war ii and keep cattle calm, and like to explore? if you are intrested in all of theese or even one you should join the seagoing cowboys program like i did. if you like to travel then youll love to be a part of the seagoing cowboys program. if you join the seagoing cowboys program you will get to travel the world on a boat. a benifit was i had the chance to see europe and china. if you join you will probably get to see plenty of new beautiful places you havent seen before. also the view when your on the boat is just magnificent. when your a seagoing cowboy you will be helping people who had damage from world war ii by giving them cattle. this helps them because these places took serious damage from world war ii. europe and china probbably had most of their cattle killed so we help by giving them horses young cows and and mules so they can have milk and meat. these cattle will also provide them with clothing to wear. i took care of the cattle in my years of being a seagoing cowboy. so if you like to help people and keep animals calm then you might be intrested. my last and final reason you should be apart of the seagoing cowboys program is because you get down time and you get to explore the area. if you youre in one of those jobs that gives you no downtime and sll you do is work i suggest you quit and join us. while i was a seagoing cowboy we stopped in greece and i saw the acropolis. this was a breath taking sight. in your downtime youmight be able to see some amazing sights also. youll get to see thing like youve never seen before. in clonclusion you should become part of the sea going cowboys program because you get to travel the world, help people that had damge from world war ii and comfort the cattle that your shipping to them, and you get downtime to explore where you are and see breathtaking sights. if you do join i might be able to teach you more about being a seagoing cowboy. i hope youll consider joining.