having technology that allows the ability to know a persons feelings could help this world have less crime,less suicide,and know a persons true feelings.its something doctors could use in hospitals to know more about there patients. if this technology is acurate it could change the world. being able to calculate a persons emotions isnt something everyone thinks about on a daily bases,but having a computer that reads all  major muscles of your face and being able to calculate someones feelings could do a lot of good. being able to know when someone is feeling bored in class or tired could make the teacher do an activity that requieres movement to wake them up. students wouldnt be able to go home by acting sick anymore either making schools not have as many absences.grades would improve because students wouldnt be bored since the teacher could change the learing method they are using. there are millions of people who suffer from depretion and a lot of them put a fake smile on their face. people dont know how they really feel specially since they dont talk about their depresion. if doctors had a computer to know when someone is fake smiling because they are hidding their depression, they could do something to prevent that person from taking their own life. you cant always know how someone is feeling but having check ups to calculate if they are depressed could be a start. so many suicides could be stoped by this technology. this could benifit hospitals by allowing them to take a better look at patients feelings to know if the patient is lying about feeling better just to go home.with doctors being able to know there patients true feelings they can decide when it might be a right time to give them bad news or to know when it will be best to take them into surgery. they wouldnt be able ti smile and say they feel good anymore because the computer would know its a fake smile in the article it says imagin being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling,even when they are trying to hide their emotions. this computer would bring good to the students and all the other people it could help. it should be used to help students that way the school would know if they are depressed,bored,or tired. grades would improve and students would like going to school more and learning.