i think that others should participate in the seagoing cowboys program becuase it is a unique opratunity that a lot of others might not get to have the chance of doing. being in that group is a very big responsibility, and chance to show others what you can do and what you are capable of. when i started playing football a lot of peoel thought i wasnt gonna be able to do it and they though that i would get hurt and break a bone and not even be on the field as much as i wanted. but it turned out that the coach put me in a position that no one would ever expect from a girl, the qb. my friends and famiy then knew what i was capable of donig. you just have to show them what you can do and prove it to them. i am a very brave man that decided to do the job that i am doing now becuase its kind of like the story in the bible. there are a bunch of animals in a boat on water, floating across the sea. there are many bad things that could happen that you might not even see coming from a mile away. the job that i am doing now is a very risky job that not a lot of pepole are brave enough to do for them selfs. you have to be very tallented and brave to walk over here and get on a boat not knowing what is gonna happen. to be one of there people you have to be physicaly and mentaly prepared for what is coming your way, you can never tell what is gonna happen in the future so you alawys have to be prepared for it. luke probably had a lot of bad things that happened to him like when there was a bad storm one night and he was climbing the ladder to get to the captin and he slipped and fell and broke som of his ribs. if you think that that is bad then when you get into the job you better be prepared be a lot more sever things can happen to you while you are on that boat, you might never be able to tell what is coming your way. if you think that you are prepared please come and join the seagoing cowboys program , i promise that you will never regret the decission that you make. the program will have a lot of trainning for the peolpe that might have no other way of getting in shape where they are now. but if you are realling wanting to join makes sure you are in good shape, physicaly and mentaly and come hop on a boat with us and take a trip across the sea.