in the artical making mona lisa smile explans how there is a new type of technoligy that uses a coumputer system that lets people detect peoples emotions. to get the caculated expressions of someones human emotion the computer system uses a d model scan of the persons face then uses mats to detect the presons facal muscles then depending on the position they are will depend on there emotion. i think in a classroom or school situation this form of a computer system shouldent be used for schools for a number of reasons. in the artical the university says the softare couldent run on home computers and mostly all schools dont have amped up computers thet are bulit to run things like this. so if schools want to start using things like this they would need to get the money for the computers and the software if the founders of it are gonna put a price on it. another reason is why would schools need such a system like this when they could just do this type of thing on paper with simple question to answer to see the students emotion in class. or the school could send papers home to the parentes asking how the student is doing home and if the school should be worried about anything for the kids safety. befor papagraph  the artical does give a pretty reason to use this type of system. they show the steps of how to smile or what it does to get the right type of smile to read the emotion of happiness. in the th paragraph it shows that in a real smile the muscles called the prbicuarlis oculi pars palpabraeus make the crowsfeet around your eyes. but when someone does a fake smile the mouth is stretches sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. so when people smile they can be decteced if they are faking it or not. but in paragraph  according to the facal feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresse emotions, but also may even help produce them. so both paragraph  and  shows that there is a flaw in this computer system because if someone has never had a real smile and always used a fake smile the system will detect no happiness but the oppisite or something else. and thet person will always live with a fake smile and never a real smile beacuse the fake one will develop as a real smile if the person keeps doing it because of the facial muscles getting use to it. so in conclusion i dont think this technology that can read emotional expressions should be used because there are better ways of finding out a kids emotion. and becasue of the big flaw within the system, that being the human body actualy going aganst the facal scan by getting use to express a certan expression that reads differntly on the computer.