sergey brin, google cofounder, believes that driverless cars can fundamentally change the world. he also believes that the cars will be able to use a sensor to stop. driverless cars will change the world, but will it be a good thing or a bad thing? driverless will indeed change the world, but just think of how much money these car cars will cost people. the things these manufacturers will have to put into the car to make it actually work will not only cost a lot for them, but it will put a huge dent in the buyers pocket. the manufacturers plan to put in sensors, computer hardware, and multiple software to help this car run. thats not the only reason why driverless cars should not be invented. the makers of the driverless car believe that it will cause less accidents. in paragraph nine it states that if a driverless cars technology failed and the driver were to get into an accident then whose fault would it be, the drivers or the manufacturers. they both would be at fault. the manufacturer would have a be at fault the most because they should have tested the car a whole lot more to make sure that the technology wouldnt have failed. the driver would also be at fault because they should either be paying attention to the road more or learn what to do when something goes wrong. inventing driverless cars can also be a good thing. driverless cars can cause less accidents because of the sensors put into them. it also requires the driver to be more alert. i understand that technology doesnt work all of the time, but if the future if the manufacturers can invent it to be safer then i think its a good idea. another good thing about driverless cars is the car can alert the driver to take over when heshe is pulling in or out of driveways or simply dealing with traffic issues. the manufacturers of these cars have worked on this project for about six years and they will most likely continue with this until this is known to the entire world. in conclusion, driverless cars still have a long way to go before people will want to buy them. some people dont like the idea of trying something new, so it will take them a lot longer to convince them that driverless cars is a good thing.