in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author give a few reasons why it would be worth to study venus. the author brings up how we would use this experience in other ways. the author brought up how venus was once like earth and how it had inhabinants. the author brings up ways that we could explore venus. the author brings up how it the successful and unsuccessful knowledge would help us in other situations. we could use this experience for mars which would seem a lot easier to tackle if we can successfully land on venus and study that planet. we could use the information on how they built the shuttle for submarines, so we could go deeper and not have to worry about the hull being damaged as easily. the information we get on how to properly land on venus would make all of space travel a little easier. the piece states that venus could have been just like earth once.  long ago, venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and coudl have supported variuos forms of life, just like earth. that exclamation shows that its possible that there can be life out there that not from earth. the are also features that are also on earth, like mountains, crater, and valleys. what we could learn for why that ecosystem failed could help us in the future. the author tells us that people are thinking of ways explore venus. one idea is that we float in a blimp like craft above the hostile conditions. we still couldnt get the the ground without some challenges but it is a start. the author also brings up how we could bring computers that are made of gears and levers that would work better in harder conditions. venus is possible to explore we just have to look at it in a certian angle. we have ideas of what to do but we either dont have the means or cant figure out how to do it. we could float above the surface. we could use a more sturdy time of mechanical computer. the information we learn for landing on venus and from venus itself could help us in so many ways.