venus, sometimes called the evening start is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. in our solar system, venus is the second planet from the sun. the nickname of evening star was given since venus is actualy a planet. venus is the closest planet to the earth in terms of density and size, and sometimes is the closest in distance too. the differences in speed beetwen earth, venus and mars is that sometimes we are closest to the mars and sometimes we are closest to venus. the explication of why not a single spaceshio has touches down on venus in moran than three decades is that each previous mission was unmanned, since no spacecraft survived the landing for mora than a few hours the atmosphore of venus is almost  percent carbojn dioxide, but one thing that is dangerous in venus are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphore. the atmospheric presure in venus is  times grather than in our planet, that means that in the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees farenheit, that is a extreme danger for us. also notable, even mercury is closer to our sun, venus is the planet with the hottest surface temperature in our solar system also al of this the weather condition and the preasure venusian geology present other problems, for example there are many active volcans, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. the reason why scientists are even discussing the posibility to futures visits to venus is because it is the planet most liked to the earth in our solar system. one time maybe venus was covered by oceans and life, just like the earth. nasa maybe have one solution to human can go to explore venus. venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. just as our jet airplanes travel to a higher altitude to fly over many storms. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees farenheit, but the preasure would be closest to the earths presure, there are still not easy condition but there can be survival for humans. however, researchers cannot take samples of rok, gas, or anything else, from a distance. many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. nasa is working in other ideas to solve this problem in venus, for example, they are making a electronic device made by silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface. strivging to meet the challenge present by venus, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innvation.