as the years have gone by, technology has significantly improved. computers, ipads, and phones are just a few examples. i have to admit, sometimes i really hate having technology around. people become so absorbed in their technology that they lose touch with real people. but what about driverless cars? i believe that we should not have driverless cars. in the article, driverless cars are coming, the narrator states that, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills... however, there lies an important problem in this statement. what if the person in the car is not paying attention? if people today talk on the phone and text while driving, the they most certainly will do the same when they are not driving. sure the article says that, ...the car watches the driver, but a person can just ignore alerts and attention grabbing attempts from the car. another problem is drunk drivers. if they drive drunk now, they will be a drunk passenger in the future. as soon as a human needs to take control, then we are back to the same problem as drunk driving now. or, the drunk passenger could ignore the alert to drive altogether. i understand that in the future, cars may not need any human assistance at all, but the transition will be slow and if both human driven and driverless cars are on the road, i argue that a human driven car is safer. yes, a driverless car will follow the rules of the road, but humans often do not. there have already been reports of google cars getting into crashes because they were following the laws. however, a human driver may be able to react quickly enough to another driver. in conclusion, human driven cars are safer than driverless cars. the transition to everyone having a driverless car will be slow, and therfore driverless cars will have to drive with human driven cars. they may follow the rules, but humans are unpredictable. also, more people stay alert while actually driving a car rather than being a passenger. the age of driverless cars is not something we should look forward to, but rather something we should be wary of.