in the excerpt the challenge of exploring venus, the author makes many claims as to why exploring venus is important despite the risks. the author supports this idea by giving examples as to how this exploration will expand our knowledge of our own planet and how it will advance space technology. the first claim the author makes that supports the idea that studying venus is worth it despite the risks is how alike venus once was to earth. in the second paragraph, it states, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. in the fourth paragraph it states venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth... studying these features that are found on venus could greatly benefit the human race and their knowledge about our own planet and the solar system around us. furthermore, since venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, it is important to explore the planet as a possible way to expand the footprint of mankind. the second claim made by the author that supports the suggestion is that exploring venus will require an expansion of our technological capabilities when it comes to spacecrafts. in the fifth paragraph, the author states that since the conditons on venus are so harsh, nasa wolud need to develop a new device that would allow scientists to float above the fray. since something like this has yet to be developed, the exploration of venus would require mankind to create new technology. in the sixth paragraph, it is stated that many researchers are working on innovations that would allow machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus, which further supports the point that the exploration of venus will improve our technology. through the claims that exploring venus will advance our knowledge and astronomical technology, it is clear that the author believes studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. after all, the author states that we should think of these risks as nothing more than just challenges.