the question is created by aliens or just a natural landform? to the uninformed citizen, their answer would most likely be that the face is created by aliens, and that we should all prepare for earths destruction. however, a well trained scientist at nasa, like me, knows that the face on mars is obviously a natural landform. you might be wondering how the face on mars got its features. it might seem as if it was manmade because no amount of corrosion could make it look like an egyptian pharaoh. that answer would be half correct because even though this natural landform is not manmade, the faces features have not been created by corrosion. shadows simply appeared in the picture, making it seem as if it were a face of an ancient pharoah. the face is just another martian mesa that is commonly found around cydonia. although it is important to know how the face got its features, it is also important to know why nasa promoted this martian mesa as the face on mars. nasa decided that promoting the pictures of the face could make the public more interested in mars. we were correct in this sense because it definitely attracted people towards mars and its peculiar landform. however, we were incorrect in the idea of promoting it as a martain mesa that had the features of a pharoah. this image confused the public, and people started believing that there were actual aliens on mars and that these aliens had made the face. no matter how many times scientists released research that demolished the idea of life on mars, the public twisted the story so that it was more interesting. even though there was an abundance of research showing there were no aliens making the face, nasa went out and took more pictures. these images showed that it was only a natural landform, and that there are no actual features on the face. as i said before, the features were merely created by shadows. of course, people still argued that nasa was wrong. people kept saying that the markings were hid by the clouds, and that these images were simply a failure on nasas part. this failure being that they somehow forgot to take into account that there was clouds. however, as nasa was more than careful taking these pictures, the images were as accurate as possible. the face on mars may just be a hoax, but nasas research is nothing of the sort. nasa has proven that their detailed research is used to make sure that the public is well informed. the face may have just been a natural landform, but the publics enthusiasm for these images, no matter how skeptical, is something that can never be recreated with shadows.