imagine being in classroom and your assign to work with a computer and the computer could recoginze when your becoming bored or confused. there a new technoloy called the facial action coding system computer that can identify human emotions. this software has classified six basic emotions happiness, surspries, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. this new technology is valuable to read the emotion expression of student in a classroom because it can help student with their learning skill and help teacher know what their student are feeling. this new technology is valuable to read the emotion expression of student in a classroom because it can help student with their learning skill. according to paragraph   a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored this show that a teacher can know when a student is having trouble understanding what their supposed to do. it can also help teacher know when a student didnt like the work she or he give her and can make better assignment. this new technology is valuable to read the emotion expression of student in a classroom because it help teacher know what thier student are feeling. according to paragraph   then dr. huang relies on the work of psychologist, such as dr. paul eckman, creator of facs facial action coding system . eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surspries, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. this mean that a tecaher can know what their student are feeling and can help them. this can also help know if a student is feeling fear to go to school because maybe she being bullied. however some people may think that this new techology is not vablable to read the emotion expression of student in a classroom because not everyone can make the same face expression but, there wrong. according to paragraph   the facial expression for each emotion are uiversal obseerves dr. huang, ven though indiviuals often show varying degrees of expression.this mean that this software can know how everyone is feeling no matter of their different faces. therefore this new technology is valuable to read the emotion expression of student in a classroom because it can help student with their learning skill and help teacher know what their student are feeling. this softwore work with anyone and can help people. so what do you think about this new technoloy ?