my position on driverless cars is, i believe they are very dangerous and should not be used by anybody. although they may be nice when you dont want to drive somewhere but need to go, i do not believe this is something americans should be taking up for various reasons. first off, i do not think selfdriving cars are very safe. if i were to be in a self driving car, i would not be able to relax and trust the car to do the driving, because id fear it hitting something causing an accident or just stopping in the middle of the road. even if the car had automatic stop and auto break systems, i would still have to be very causious and keep my eyes on the road, which is similar to driving a car, so why not save the anxiousness and drive? i believe americans are getting more and more lazy, therefore they want a self driving car instead of just driving themselves. i think that driving yourself and making sure you are safe, is much better of an idea than putting youre trust in a computerized car. many questions come to mind when i think about self driving cars. a question that comes to mind while thinking of driverless cars is, whose fault is it if an accident is caused? would you blame yourself for the accident or the cars since it was driving? many problems would arise when dealing with this. for example, if the car industry blames the accident on the person, the person could sue the car company stating that it was the car in control, therefore not being the persons fault, it would be the cars. on the other hand, car industries could argue that the person shouldve been paying attention to the road, and not putting in their full trust with the car. in conclusion, there is a lot to think about when dealing with driverless cars, whoses fault accidents would be, what the new age limit for driving would be, and also whether or not to put youre trust into these cars. many problems and conflicts would occur, therefore i believe the people should stick to driving the cars. how hard is it to drive a car by ourselves, do we really need the help, or are we just too lazy to want to drive places? although i admit it would be nice to not have to drive when going on long distance trips, i dont think id be able to trust the car to drive for me, and i wouldnt be able to relax when dealing with a selfdriving car, even if it had been tested multiple times. i dont think ill ever be switching to a selfdriving car.