cars are not the most important thing in our lives. although cars are helpful, not having one can help you a lot in the long run. having a car causes so much stress worrying about the traffic if youre going to be late for work or school, gas prices are not as low as people would like. if you had to walk everywhere or ride your bike, you could be getting a lot of exercise from it. people think having a car is so important but they dont see the positive side to it. many people stress out if they are not going to make it to work on time because of traffic, i know that i dont make it to school on time because of all the traffic trying to get into my school is horrible. instead of stressing out, you can just go on a calm walk or bike ride to your destination. in the article written by, elisabeth rosenthal, there is a quote from heidrun walter saying, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, because they had banned cars in his city. you can always find an alternative way of getting to where you need to go. if someone has a meeting to go to, they can always use the alternative of the internet if they cant get their in time or the weather is not the best. instead of stressing out about driving, you can walk to your destination and save money from not paying for gas. we all know that gas prices are high and out of our budget. theyve reached four dollars, thats insane! why would anyone want to spend that money if they dont have to. there is a simple solution on saving your money that you waste on gas, and that is walking or riding your bike. some people can afford the prices of gas but others are struggling in the economy but are to lazy to walk, nobody wants to get exercise so they drive everywhere. banning cars on the street is a good way to help people get exercise. if they know they cant drive, they would obviously walk or take a bike because they have places to be. it would be an effective way to get people to stop being lazy and helping their health. some people would probably get frustrated because they have to walk everywhere but its only helping them. walking or riding a bike is a good opportunity to realize the beauty of life without stressing out over bad drivers or traffic, saving money, and getting exercise. most people would think banning cars on the street is a good idea for those few reasons. i know that it is super effective although some people may not see it until it actually changes.