so, ms. granger, do tell, why are you trying to cover all this up? there obviously are aliens on the red planet and nasa clearly doesnt want the common people to know about it. the reporter who was sent here was clearly around my age. he still had the eagerness, the thirst to fulfill his new job at some bigshot online journal, that all of the typical justgraduated liberal arts majours hold those first few years in the real world. obviously, i am not one of those people. at  i graduated from oxford with a degree in all the sciences needed to allow me to come here. working at nasa has been my lifelong dream. it sounds so incredibly cheesy but i actually have had this.. passion for our solar system since i was in primary school. while all the other children were collecting stuffed toys, i would watch episodes of bbc science programs. so after  years of working incredibly hard, i landed the prestigious position that i hold now. miss granger, will you please tell the people the truth already? this guy was really starting to bother me. with his greasy mouselike brown fringe and anticipating blue eyes he reminded me of my sister, which is not exactly a good thing for me. and so i finally responded. im so very sorry.. ron, is it? i have of course come prepared to give you my upmost cooporation in getting this across to you the face you people claim to see is simply a landform. you are from idaho, correct? i studied his face to reassure myself that what i said was correct before his responding. yes indeed, i grew up there, in fact it is still my favorite state. i couldnt be more delighted at this point. well, being as idaho is, in fact, your favourite state i am sure that you have seen some fairly interesting landforms in your time there. mesas, perhaps? he started stuttering well i um.. i nearly laughed right then and there but contained my composure. wonderful, here are some images that i have brought with me for reference. i pulled out numerous images of different landforms along with all of my programs iconic shots of the socalled face on mars. as you can see, i said, laying out the images on the conference table, brushing rons laptop aside as i did so. these landforms hold a striking similarity to your foolishly called face, do they not? and so, mr. fitzgerald, here is where i prove, once and for all, the sheer ridiculousness of all you and your peoples theories. the images you see before you are all very much factual and do not lie nor hold secrets in them whatsoever. i looked up to see the mans expression simply dumbfounded. you did not even allow me to finish my questions. i shrugged, i have never been the type for politeness. not that we are finished yet, i still need to ask you this would nasa feel the need to cover up an alien colony? would you feel threatened, not have a great enough budget? ah, here we go again. as my fellow colleagues and i have published statements about thrice more before, obviously we would find no problem in finding new life. the sheer notion of that discovery makes many of us feel giddy. i adjusted my pencil skirt nonchalantly so as to not seem as uncomfortable as i felt at that moment. ron seemed to notice this. well, if that is the entire truth then it seems i wont be needing anything else. thank you so much for your time, miss granger. the pleasure is mine alone. i reponded, my voice coming out in a far cooler tone then intended. thank god the man hadnt asked about our other image records.