the challenge of exploring venus, a article about the risks and benifits of exploring such a inhospitable planet. yet, the author does provide some insight on what humans could and can do to survive an expedition to venus. giving information about what nasa is doing to surive the conditions of venus and other ideas that could help to properly understand and learn about venus. the author does support his idea with very good points, but it does depend on how well those points stand. one thing that is quite obvious is the fact that the author is biased on their idea. which is not really suprising when their article is entirely based on trying to convince others that sending missions over to venus is a good idea. they first describes the conditions of venus itself, showing insight on why people havent sent expeditions to venus. they even state the venus is quite inhospitable and does not support any suitable life for humans. the author tries to provide a window into both worlds, one where scientists try to find a way to explore venus, another where people just know that venus is not a place for people to live. they try an approach to shoot down common fears on why exploring venus is a bad idea, bringing up one problem and then answering it with quick and simple methods. one idea from nasa is to have a blimplike vehicle float  miles above the surface to survive from most of the heat and acidic atmostphere. then they bring up another issue about exploring venus, the technology. where their idea is to use old s mechanical computers to survive the climate, but to also provide a way properly explore the surface without the issue of frying modern computers. the author brings many solutions to many problems, so that the exploration of venus could be possible by brining ideas together and have those ideas be the basis of a mission to learn more about this fiery of planet of our solar system. the solutions brought up by the author show a new perspective, or bring insight on one that people already have, about sending people to venus to quench a thirst for exploration. where the idea of having a blimp float  miles above the surface to survive the deadly climate. having old s computers to play an important role in helping to learn about the planet, where heat or acid could destroy an iphone or a laptop in seconds. brining machines in to do the exploring for us with technology that hasnt been used in little over two centuries. the risks are great, but the benifits of learning about a planet that hasnt properly been explored for the entirety of our existance could enter people into a new age of exploration based on curiosity and adventure. just as the author states in paragraph , striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the author greatly supports their idea to explore venus, with some quick and simple methods, but also with the idea of bringing people together to go out and explore further than venus itself.