evaluating expressions is effective i believe that the facial action coding system would be beneficial to read students emotional expressions. having the capability to detect students emotions through computers can have many positive outcomes, such as promoting ads, increasing learning comprehension, and graphic design improvements. the use of this technology having the abililty to read ones emotions, can be valuable in the fact that it can promote ads more efficiently. in paragraph , they say, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this phrase prevails how if the computer can detect your emotions, it can also detect how you feel about a promotion. this will help sell more products for companies, and help buyers get information on what they are actually interested in. this new software will also come in handy in increasing learning comprehension. it states in paragraph  that dr. huang says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this statement makes logical sense, in the fact that a student may be able to understand his or her work better if a facial action coding system computer is available. this could possibly increase literacy rates, simply due to the fact that a computer can detect facial expressions. another reason that these new devices are beneficial is because they can improve graphic designing. this makes video games, video surgery, graphic models, and other animated subjects more realistic. dr. huang also states, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so computers need to undertand that, too. although the technology can be very valuable in the classroom, it can have a downside, however. having facial action coding system computers can result in miscommunications. paragraph  states, eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. a student learning a lesson on a computer may have a frown on their face because they are having a bad day. the computer may pick up this emotion, and mistake it for not understanding what is being taught. all technology is capable of having mishaps. this new device may not be guaranteed to be  accurate at all times. overall, the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions can be unbelievably useful. the pros of using this new software, tremendously outweigh the cons. i believe that students having this resource would create positive outcomes in the long run.