companies around the world are coming up with the idea of driverless cars. driverless cars are just what they sound like in the name, cars that dont require a driver to drive. while some are for it there are some people against, and im part of the people that are against it. first of all, why would people be called drivers if theyre not driving? the idea of driverless cars are going to be the start of laziness. drivers will feel as if they wouldnt have to drive then they wouldnt have to pay attention. so if they dont pay attention theyre going to turn their attention to their phones or technology, which is going to be prone to accidents and recks. manufacters havent come up with cars that doesnt require any kind of human interaction, so therefore there will be some kind of human interaction. so drivers would still need to pay attention, but they wouldnt know that because car companies would make it seem like their cars are so smart and powerful juist so they could be ahead in the car competition. second, if there are number of accidents there would be a ton of conflict. law makers wouldnt be able to decide who would take the responsibility of recks. not only just that but also a lot of money being given to accident victims and customers sueing companies. third, driverless cars would start other ideas of major things that need human interaction to not have human interaction. then sooner or later everything would be run by robots or com puters. so if everything would be run by technology then people would start losing their jobs and would stop making money. also people wouldnt use their hands to eat or drink or even wipe themselves after using the bathroom. not only that but people would also get very bored and not have anything to do. in conclusion, if companies really do go ahead with making driverless cars then they should raise the prizes sky high. i say that because if they raise the prices high no one would be able to afford them, therefore there wouldnt be a huge domino affect created.