i believe that the use of the facial action coding system is valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom or the community around us. this technology would help show how others are feeling when they are hiding their emotions. this would help because since the facial action coding system is pretty accurate, we are able to use this in future generations to specify emotions from other people and know how they are feeling to help those around us in the world. when people are sad, mad, or even fearful, we can help those around us who are feeling down and comfort them. we can bring joy in the world by the people who are enjoying life and be with those who are happy by bringing those who are sad, mad, and fearful into the happy environment so they dont have to worry. studies show in this article that, most of us have trouble describing each facial trait that conveys... specific emotion. and also, most communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, dr. huang predicts. this proves that since not many of us in this world knows what our expressions are to see our specific emotion, especially during nonverbal communication, it would be best to see what their real emotions are and know what they are going through or if theyre just fine and ask if they want help or need comfort. we could help out others who are going through things even if they dont need help. if they dont want to be comforted, we can always respect their privacy. but it would be best to know what others go through to respect those around us more often. we shouldnt offend and judge people in general because we dont know what others go through and how they feel when we do judge and offend them. it would be kind and respectful to help those out around us to make the world a better place. this system would help to read emotional expressions in a classroom because it would help the learning environment and the students in the class when the teachers are teaching. this would especially help the teachers more because teachers have trouble knowing what students are going through and can help their students out during class if they need help when they are troubled in their subject of math, science, english, ect. most of the time, students dont want to let the teachers know if theyre worried about an assignment or sad about their grade and dont want to get help from the teachers. if teachers knew their students emotions, they would have a better interaction and communication with their students and help them learn better in class, understanding the subject more. studies show in this article that, a classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored. dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like a effective human instructor. this proves that since teachers want their students to be successful in their subjects, this system could help students and especially teachers to know when to help each other out when they are confused on a specific part in the subject and have a better understanding in the subject when the teachers do help out the students. this could also help because when a student is going through something and is distraced in class, the teacher would know their emotion and take it easy on them during class and help out the student with their problem and what they go through to have a better understanding and interaction with the student. in conclusion, the facial action coding system is valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom and the community around us to help those around us in the world and get a better understanding of people and their emotions to make the world a better place to live in by comforting others who need help and showing kindness.