the use of the facial action coding system should become part of the technology used in classrooms. this technology would not only be a scientific break through, but would also provide a alternative to how efficently students learn. althoguh the creation of the facial action coding system was recent, the idea of the technology has been around for centuries. dr. thomas huang, cocreator of the software, claimed that much more simplified versions of the software have been used for for a long time. the professor claimed that artists, such as leonardo da vinci, studied anatomy to be able to make anthropomorphic figures as naturalistic as possible. the artist would use their knowledge of anatomy to create naturalised facial muscles, which would accurately reflect emotions of the subjects. but this technology could help not only the artistic community, but entire generations. dr. huang strengthens his argument for the emotionreading software by claiming its benefitial usage in the classroom. dr. huang said, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the professor is predicting that with the help of his software, the way children learn could be changed for the better. with the help of this software, students would be able to focus on topics longer, whic poses a problem for many students today. students would be able to learn or strenghten skills without having to voice their boredom or confusion with topics. this would benefit them as they grow because they would be able to fully understand topics and skills insteading of falling behind simply becasue they lose interest. for example, a young student would be able to learn multiplication possibly faster and stronger than older students because with this software, they would be able to focus on each problem. as the child grows, they have a less likely chance of falling behind in other mathmatical courses because they have no need for relearning multiplication, and are able to solve problems quickly because they know what they are doing. also, multiplication is all over the world, so they would be comfotable to use it in their day to day life. in the end, this child was able to succeed with a mathmatical skill simply because of a facial software that kept them involved and growing in their studies. overall, the facial action coding sysem should be active in classrooms because it provides great value to education.