luke bomberger didnt get to visit many places around the world and see things he may have wanted to see because he never had anytime to. he was always buisy trying to help people with banking and shopping with in his home town. really what he didnt know was that he was going to be helping all kinds of people around the world a long ways from his town. so when don reist invited him to go he knew that was a chance to really help other people and get more money. luke bomberger knew that he could visit lots of places. he actually got to visit a,castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. he got to do things he wouldnt have been able to do in his old town. after world war ll in , lots of people were left with nothing and didnt have food to care for everyone. so with the help of the,seagoing cowboys,they would help transport animals to those places so they could have food to live. i think more people should join this program because it gives others a chance to live and survive after wild events like wars. many people in the world work as doctors and vets for those who live around them. but they also have the chance to help people far away who need it. not only that but they can still work with animals. it may not be dogs and cats they are working with but they can still help animals and other people. luke enjoyed being apart of the program because he knew he had the chance to visit many polular places. so i think that instead of planning a vaction to go the beach you can go other places that you may not have been to before rather than going to the same places everytime. when you think of being someone that transports animals across seas you dont normally think of being a doctor. but really what people dont think about is that when they give animals to people the animals are recorce for food which helps people that may be sick or need to food because they dont have animals near. so its important to everyone. really the big idea to this program is that people reliey on animals and their recorces. but its very hard for people to have to leave there town to find food and bring that back for everyone. so this program is very important to others because they know people will care for them when they need it. its also very good education when you visit places like unwealthy towns so you can get a feel of what its like for them and how much they need people like us. after all its important to care for others.