with the discussion of the legalization of driverless cars, there are many reasons as to why they should be legalized and many reasons as to why the should remain illegal. while both sides do have positive and negative aspects, i think that keeping these driverless cars illegal is the best plan of action for america. even though the driverless car would be managing itself, humans still have to stay alert while in the car incase the car is approaching a work zone or an accident. why would people need a driverless car if they would still have to stay alert and aware of what it going on around them? since the person in the drivers seat of a car wouldnt be driving the car manually, it would be hard for them to stay alert and awake. when someone else is driving it is easy for passengers to fall asleep in the back seat or in the passenger seat. this is the same for a driverless car. even if a person is sitting in the drivers seat, if they are not driving it would be easy for them to doze off, get distracted, and fall asleep. since a computer is driving the car, the car could be very dangerous and could cause accidents. many people who have a computer know that sometimes it gets glitches, goes blank, gets disconnected from wifi, and many other things that could go wrong with a computer. this exact same thing could happen to a computerdriven car. computers are not always perfect. they have glitches and they mess up sometimes. if the computer were to mess up while the car is in use, this mess up could be the result of a lifethreatening accident. although it would be convenient to have a car drive people around and not have to worry about anything, these driverless cars are something people are not familiar with and could be dangerous. since many people are not familiar with sensor or other technology that comes with the driverless cars, it could take some time to get used to. before getting a computerdriven car, a person would have to practice driving the car first. in order to get familiar with the technology, and special aspects of a driverless car, many people would have to practice or take classes to learn about how to properly use the car. this could be inconvenient for people wanting to get their hands on a computerdriven car as soon as possible. altogether, i think that driverless cars are not a great idea. the consequences that come with these cars far outweigh the positive opportunities that the car could bring. i think that the driverless cars could be dangerous to other drivers on the road as well as the people in the car. the driverless car seems unnecessary since we already have alert drivers. driverless cars may be a smart invention, but i dont think they should be allowed onto the streets until further research is done on them and until drivers are comfortable using the new system.