the facial action coding system would not be very useful in the classroom because most teachers do not change their lesson just because one of their students is confused or bored, the facs is not even able to read past the basic six emotions so it will not know when a student is bored or confused, and most teachers do not use computers all the time or even at all in class. teachers do not change their lesson when one of their students is bored or confused. everyone that has been in school is well aware of this. most teachers do try to make it less boring and more fun if multiple students are feeling the same and they do try to explain things better for those that are confused. a computer that senses when a student is becoming bored or confused, will not be able to do the same and have the same result. the facs could help the computer see that a student is becoming bored and modify the lesson, but how much help would that be? people learn better when other people are there to explain things. a computer cannot provide the same effect. according to the fourth sentence in paragraph three, the facs only knows how to read the six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. meaning that the facs would not actually be able to tell if the user or student is bored or confused. if the program cannot actually sense those two emotions, how will it be able to modify lessons for students to learn a little better without being confused? in paragraph four, it does mention how the software can identify mixed emotions but it would ot be very helpful for those two considering that they are harder to tell by just looking at someones face when it is better to ask. most teachers do not use computers in class often. sometimes, they do not use them at all. unless the students are in a typing class or a program coding class, teachers for other subjects rarely use computers outside of taking tests or doing projects. they rarely ever trust a computer to teach their lessons for them. that is why they are called teachers. so the facs software program would merely go to waste. the facial action coding system would not best suit being in classrooms since the teachers do not change their lessons so the computers should not either, humans express way more than just six emotions and a computer would not be able to detect them all, and very few teachers actually have full computers in their classrooms to help them teach instead of small laptops or just very little technology altogether.