in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, extreme actions on venus. venus, is sometimes called the evening star this is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. the nickname is misleading since venus is acually a planet. venus is the second planet from the sun. even thought earth, venus, and mars, planetart neighbor, orbits the sun at different speeds, venus is the most dangerous planet. spacecrafts have been sent to land on venus, but every mission has failed. another detail that explaines why venus is a pursuit despite the dangers because not a single spacecraft has landed on venus, it hasnt touched the ground more then three decades. venus air is  carbon dioxide, the planets surface temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we expericence on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such as environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy mant matels. venus also has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could havr supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus has still some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and creatures. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. on our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.