the face may look like its a human face but its not. anything can make anything look drastic or cool. but there is no way that it could be a human inside of mars. its way to sketchy for it to be like that. so im gonna go ahead and tell you why i think this is why i dont think it is a human at all. the face structure hasnt changed any of those pictures. if it was human, in a couple of months or years maybe, your body becomes rotton and turn into nun but bones. if it was human, then it would have body parts along side with it. theres no body parts near it except rocks and holes. besides, the picture look like it was taking from a pretty far distance for the head is bigger then that boulder next to it. the fact that i know that its not a face, notice how by years go by, the face starts looking like an sand temple. the thing with it is that on the top of it, it looks like another face on it, like a rebuilded electronic robot. but, when  came by, it started looking like an a map or a super hard shell. all of these things that were on mars looks different by the years. now, in , i bet it looks like a guided map to wear it started to wear it landed at. theres no doubt that this is just some random structure because there were no oxygen, nor water, on mars, in . its pretty much impossible to live there unless, your from nasa. then again, there still are rumors about aliens existing. so what if there was a alien who killed an human and left it there? if you notice now, the structure of the face, how it fades away, it starts looking like an cracked shell. i want to believe that there is life on mars, but the thing is that mars probably have aliens there. as no one has thought about it, aliens could be legit. just because we see a face on mars means one thing, but the fact that its whole entire bottom half of its necktobottom part is gone. just because it changed up doesnt mean,oh, it must have cleared up since its been there for a while. i doubt that because, no human being can walk on mars with no protection on that can keep himher alive. if your going to mars, make sure you need a quite bit of protection. but, if you actually do see an alien, just run, because its best staying alive instead of wind up dead in the middle of no were on mars.