people say that driving a car is a life saver. driving a car does have its pros, but it also has its cons. all over the world, there are organizations trying to reduce driving. they are doing this not becasue of personal gain but to help earth and everything on it. not driving an automobile reduces traffic for the more important vehicles to monouver around more easiely, clears the sky from smog, and decreases greenouse gases. greenhouse gases are affecting the earth drastically. in germany street parking, driveways and home garages are forbidden. if they wants to own a car they have to pay , for a garage space along with a house. according to carfree cities   as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. not many people want to spend that much money on a car space, or many poeple dont have that much to pay for a car space so they dont own a car. this helps out with the decreasing the amount greenhouse gases emitted into the atmosphere. because of of resent problems of unemployement any people in america have not been able to stustain a permanent residence any where so a vast mojority live in there cars. since they are in thier automobile for some long they are contantly are using gas and poluting the air. paris right along with other european capitals air is extremely smoggy. paris one of the most smoggy places according to paris bans driving due to smog came up with any idea that on mondays motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home of they would have to pay  fine, and on the next day motorists with oddnumbered plates would do the same. in this article is states that the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescined the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. if they continues this the smog would slowly fade away and there wouldnt be a problem any more. giving that automobiles helps many people get around but it also slows the more important one down. according to carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota  in a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoited of traffic jams. this one day helped people be more physically active and there was less traffic. if instead of doing this for only one day a year and did it more frequently then policemen, firefighters, and ambulances will be able to help and may even prevet someone from dieing, less houses will burn down, and less damage if someone goes on a speed chase with the police. lots of organizations have make remarkable accomplishments. they may not be at the point that they wan to be but at the rate that they are going they will rach that point really soon.