the new technology that has been developed, about how computers can now identify human emotions is something that could really benefit students. the technology that has now been developed to read emotional expressions could be very valuable in a classroom because every student has their own type of learning style, it could help teachers develop new teaching styles, and could help the students academic wise. different kinds of students learn different ways, there are people who learn visually, there are people who learn by repetition, and there are peoople who have to physically do it. i am more a visual learner, i like to see how things are done, and then i learn how to do it myself, but everyone is different. since everyone has different learning styles, the teachers cant do all of them and since students dont really like to speak up because tehyre shy or another reason theyd rather stay quiet and not learn the material. by using this facial action coding system, teachers and administrators could see how they could apply more lessons to students, different learning styles. if this kind of technology was available for students at school it could help improve student and teacher interactions. like dr.huang said a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored i know their are some teachers that teach certain ways that students get bored with, and since they find the material boring they would rather not listen. with this technology it could help teachers spice up their lessons and interact more with the students. finally, if this type of programming were to be accepted in school environments i think it would help on a major scale. think about how much more engaged students would be, because they are understanding what they are being taught. and if a student likes, and understands what they are learning it could help them do better on assignments, quizzes, tests. and what kind of teacher isnt happy seeing that all of their students are getting good grades, and the parents would be happy to see that their pupil is doing good in school. so as you can see by including this kind of software in schools, there could be an increase in learning, student and teacher interaction, and academic wise. the facial action coding system could be a big step in the school system, that could really turn out benefiting everyone in a good way.