ill be talking about why it is valuable in a classroom full of students, and how it could help so many students. there are so many was he try to figure out what a person is feeling just by look when we dont want to invade but still be there. many students sit in a classroom and dont have a clue what another person is feeling or if they should be there for them it would help them be a better person. schools will gain so much from this new technology , and this is what ill be addressing im this essay. the first thing id like to address is the helping students to students it would be a great way to make everyone feel welcome when theyre nervous. a lot of schools tend to tell students who struggle with something to talk to someone at school likes friends, teachers, and parents sometimes you cant do that with this friends would talk to you about it. this technology would help prevent so many things wrong with schools. my main reason thinking this technology would be great is all the ways it could help teachers in the classroom for the students. one of the many ways i see this working is working on a new subject , and after working on it a teacher would see or ask how the students feel as they scan everyones face to see how okay everyone is on the subject. in the passage it states that we could reveal so much about the science of emotions, and what better way to do that then to at school where kids, teens, amd soon to be adults are full of emotions one day to the next. putting on a happy face according to the passage makes you feel slightly happy , and students will one hundred percent put on a happy face when theyre getting a face scan just because it seems so natural to smile at pictures making the student happier. as kids in school get older they will be getting to the age where soon theyll be able to vote it would be helpful to see how students feel about voting. seeing which politician gets more approval helps see what needs to change in governments, and in politicians. like stated in paragraph  in then passage muscles can detemine if a politician is lying or just trying to win votes compared to people who are actaually trying to make a difference. this technology help future law in forcement tell if a person is guilty or innocent, and that would be incredible for students to learn how to use this technology. for the future of any government i think this would be a great idea so how our growing youth how to use. in conclusion having this would be great for helping students learn more about why we act a certain way when we feel an emotion. this would be great for teachers who need to know if students need more time working on a topic. last but not least it would help students understand a lot more about our politicians , and how they say certain things for the vote.