there are different advantages that come with limiting car usage. an example of an advantage of limiting car usage would be that there is less pollution in the atmosphere making the air cleaner to breath. if there continues to be massive car usage, especially in beijing, china, there will be more smog in the air which is caused by car pollution. although you may love your car, there will always be something good that will come out of parting ways with it. according to the article, paris bans driving due to smog, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. this shows that if you limit car usage, there will be less traffic in the road. with this being said, you will be able to move around freely without having to worry about massive amounts of cars, and also that there becomes less smog in the area meaning there is less pollution that was occuring. also, the article, carfree day in spinning into a big hit in bogota stated that, bogota, colombiain a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily deviod of traffic jams. this describes that with the limiting of car usage, there is less commotion that will occur in the streets. since the streets became less busy, you didnt have to worry as much about the cars around you. with limited car usage, the world can become a much cleaner place than it once was because the amount of pollution can be decreased from our atmosphere. people think that there can never be any possible advantages towards limiting amounts of car usage when in fact there is. as stated in, carfree day in spinning into a big hit in bogota, parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. this quote describes basically that with the limited car usage, many things such as sidewalks have been renovated which actually makes people want to use them. with the multiple parks and sports centers that have bloomed, this will cause people to want to excersise and will help them continue not to want to drive their cars but to just ride their bikes or maybe even skateboards along the nice smooth sidewalks. according to the article, the end of car culture, they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or carpool with friends. an advantage that this quote shows is that, the two boys dont mind not having a car because they can carpool with friends giving them more time to hang out. this also shows that percentages have been dropping with teenagers who want to get their license because as i already said, they want to hang out with friends. with all this information that has been given so far, you can see that there are, in fact, advantages towards limiting car usage. overall, by limiting car usage, you will find a variety of advantages. some of these advantages include that there is less pollution in the sky which is good since pollution causes large masses or smog, streets become less busy which means less traffic, people can get more excersise, and teenagers are not wanting to get their license so they actually have an excuse to hang out with friends since they will be carpooling. by limiting car usage, there will be less pollution in the air maybe being able to extend the life of humans since we will be breathing in cleaner air than we have in the past. so, by stating all this information, you can probably tell that there are plenty of advantages that come with limiting car usage.