technology has grown in the past couple years. it has grown so much tha now computers can read human emotions. emotions and computers normally are seperate from each other. every human has a different emotion and ways to show these emotions. now computers could read our emotions. with a new technology called facs, facial action coding system. facs could possibly affect how teachers could run a class. teachers never truely know if a student is paying attention to the lesson or not. facs could show the emotion of the students and teacher in a daily classroom. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modifly the lesson, like an effective human instructorparagraph . computers could read the emotions of studetns then give a report back to the teacher in order for the teacher to see the students emotions. the teachers could even use facs in a lesson or a lab. in the article makin mona lisa smile, in the seventh paragraph it gives steps how to read emotions in person. teachers could use the steps to explain how facs works before a lab. being able to use facs in lessonslabs could interest the student in the lesson. a main class that could use it is the health class, for the emotion section of the book, or class. friends can read their own friends emotions very well because the friends know each other so well. for instance,you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on herhis face. paragraph . instead of teachers not being able to tell the emotion just by looking at a students face then maybe facs could help allow the teacher to make lessons emotionally fun. if teachers could use this type of techology in classes for lessons then maybe facs could be a valuble thing. the teachers could use the students emotions to make a lesson good or bad. with technology at a rise right now the students may enjoy using facs due to the fact that it is technology. most human communcation is nonverbal including emotional communtion, notes dr. huang. so computers need to understand that, too. paragraph  facs could also make the students want to pay attenition in class more. each student would have a different emotion to the new technology. different emotions are common and there are different ways to show those emotions. this new technlolgy, facs, could help the different emotions be caught in a class. you do not want any sleeping students in a classroom.