in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents .why wouldnt it be worthy to study about venus when its the closest planet to earth  venus was probably just like earth. studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because who wouldnt want to learn more about other planets like venus, the cloeset planet to earth, we have new techology to be able to study more about whats out there than earth, moon, or the sun. in the texts says venus was probabaly covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. venus and other planets are a worthy pursuit to be able to study because if we soon learn way more about venus, there could be life on venus, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment that includes familiar features such as vallys, moutains, and craters. venus and earth both have rocky sediment or moutains and craters, erath  venus could be the same, despiting the dangers there is. although, in the text says  nasa has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. sending humans from earth to study is worthy because we can now tell if there is still water and a living place for humans. even though the temperatures are dangerous for us humans to be living in  degress fahrenheit the air pressure would be close to sea level on earth. solar power woulf be plentiful, the radiation would not exceed earth levels, not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. states the author, we shouldnt be leaving any chances to not study more on venus, if there could possibly life there. or myabe there cant be life on venus because of the dangers there is for us humans, we should still learn and find out more on how could there be life on venus. in the chanllenge of exploring venus, the aurthor suggestd that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents,and i agree because it is worthy to find out new things outside of earth and other planets that can have life on, such as venus, its a good idea to study and learn more about the planets orbiting around us.