in the articledriverless cars are coming, autonomous cars are being developed by car companies across the world. most companies believe that these selfdriving cars will be a good influence on the world, however i disagree. i am aganist the development of these cars because of the copius amount of money it will use and the unessecary addition of new driving laws. in the s, a company created a car that could run on a special track whose usage developed as the years went on. researchers have found that, these smartroad systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be pratical. smarter roads required too much money to develop and lead to the creation of smart cars. smart cars have a lot of beneficiary components, but are not completly selfdriving. this idea of selfdriven cars is too complex to create even the smartest cars with the latest and high technology cannot be fully selfdriven. the money used for these unrealistic cars can be used for other important things in the buisness world and in the real world. better cars that require driving should be developed or the money should go to the governement to fund other things. overall, the large sums of money being drawn to create selfdriven cars is a negative development. if selfdriven cars are created, many new lawsuits will be filed regarding the new cars. the biggest question that will stand will be, if the techonology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? autonomous cars will bound to have accidents and if the car is driving, lawyers will not know who to blame and take charges. if a person was not driving the car and it crashed but was stil inside, would that person be charged? unnecessary actions that the government does not have time for will have to be taken new laws regarding the creation of selfdriving cars will be made so that parties will not be at fault. laws containg the legality of accidents and the questionable safety of the car. the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when situation requires which goes aganist a selfdriven car, the car has to be the one to be ready to drive and do what humans would do when driving. this raises questions on whether people can truly be safe inside a selfdriven car. in conclusion, the development of selfdriving cars is a negative addition for the world because of the copius amounts of money needed and the addition of new driving laws.