driverless cars have both a postive and negative side. it can help people or it can harm them. those who invented driverless cars had a vision on making it easier for people, but are they really making it easier? my position on driverless cars is neutral. i think it can benefit us but also take us down. many people may be confused on what driverless cars means, in my point of view theyre cars that drive you to your destination without you having to do anything but getting in the car. google confounder sergey brins definition is different. driverless cars to him are those who still need human assistance. paragraph  states they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills.... the google car tells the driver when its time to take over. in paragraph  it says their cars have driven up to half a million miles without a crash... it may be safe but also dangerous if you dont know how to control it. humans can take over if needed to and the way these cars are invented they need a lot of sensor for it to work, but sensors arent anything new. in paragraph  it says  while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. saying the driver stills need to be on alert if anything is needed. the car and the driver are basically friends helping each other make it to the destination safely. the thing to question is if an accident occured with a driverless car whos fault would it be? the drivers or the manufacturer? the manufacturer wouldnt want any problems and neither would the individual. they even quetioned whos fault it would be in paragraph  because they dont know the answer.if it affects the individual and they are the ones that got hurt it wouldnt even cross my mind to get one of these cas. my reason would be because i would have to pay them for something the car didnt do. it may be safe according to them,but to me if an accident happened and the accused me then i relied on the car to much thinking it was that safe trusting everything said about these cars. yes, it may seem nice to have them and think my family will be safe with a car driving better than me driving it. if anyone got hurt while you drive yes you feel awful but its sometimes best for you to drive than to trust a car that may not work properly. laws will change if these cars start to be sold. these people may have dreams, they may benefit us but we arent always sure. always stay on alert and make sure you know how to work it. my opinion is still neutral because of the facts theyve said but also because i know of the dangers it may cause. jaqueline