would you buy a selfdriving car? im going to be talking about the negitive things of self driving cars about how a self driving car can be very dangerues, that what may cause the enviorment and that how much will the car cost if they ever come out in the future. the first thing im going to be talking about is how dangerus driving a sellf driving car can be. the fisrt thing that can be dangerus is that people may not pay attetion sometimes like they may be in the high way and there probably taking a nap in the car. but the car may tell that person to get back on the wheel because there may be a crontrution going on in the hightway and he wont notice because his taking a nap in the car so that person may casue an accident. another thing that it can be dangerus is that the person may be letting the car drive it self but that person may forget to put there setbelt so if the car brakes really hard that person can get injurded or get really hurt. the second negitive thing i want to talk about is how is going to cause the enviroment. the cause is that theres going to be a lot of danger with there kids if there playing in the streets because if somebody has put the thing to self drive and children are playing out side that can be really dangerus. the communitty may that say that they dont need to ride does cars in out neiborhood bacause of causes that may happen. another thing is that this communitty may not let crazy drivers drive these cars because like the authore said some cars can stay there without energy and so the goverment has to pay a lot of money to put charging poles for cars. the final most importan one is how much are these cars going to cost if they come out. probably the rich people will buy these nice looking self driving cars, one reasson is that thses cars can cost up at least , or more if they start inventing sports cars. so not all people may buy these expesive cars so thats why is good because the goverment dosent have to spend that much money by putting lots of charging poles for the car. thats why if rich people get this kind of cars than there pretty good with them. so now do you want that nice selfdriving car? i dont think so, because in my opinion i would not buy these kinds of cars if they come out.