venus the second planet on the solar system. venus has a temperature of  degrees fahrenheit, and its atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our planet. its atmosphere is made of  percent carbon dioxide , the clouds are made of highly corrosive sulfiric acid. if this planet is so inhospitable why does the author think we should keep studying venus? well venus may once had been just like our planet, scientist believe that once venus was covered largely by with oceans and could have supported various types of life just like the earth today. the only problem is that the tecnology we have now cant reach the crust of venus, because it would get destroyed. the author of the passage belives that studying venus worthy pursuit despite its danger, but how can we study a planet that has bad temperatures levels capable of melting tin. nasa has one particular compeiling idea for sending humans to sudy venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. just like planes travel at hight altitudes to avoid storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions. the author placed this idea in his passage, but theres a set back for this idea the scientist would not be able to study the ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dence atmosphere. more importantly they cannot take any samples of rocks, gas or anything else. other ideas that nasa has come up with is, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simultating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted three weeks in such conditions. the other idea the author place on this passage is the idea that old technology called mechanical computers. these devises were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. these divise use make calculations by using levers and do not require electronics at all. the computers today are powerful, flexible, and quick but tend to be more delicate fo extreme physical conditions. mechanical parts can be made more resistent to the preassure, heat and other forces. this idea is really helpful makes belive that is worthy of traying to sudy venus. striving to meet the challenges presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to begained on the planet, but because human curiosity will likely lead us into new endeavors. the dangers in the planet should not limit our imagination and innovation, insted it should make us have more ideas and overcome the obstecla paced by the world. many ideas are been created at this moment, but the ideas that the author has writen on this passage are helpful to make the reader want to sudy venus even despite ts danger. all the evidence above supports the claim that is worthy to keep studying venus even if there are many dangers. the author uses many points to descrive how the problems can be solved even if it would take time, but all the insight that we could gain from the planet venus would help our society more. the author shows that we can make tecnology that can witstand the harsh environment of venus and gain more information.