venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth. venus is the closest planet in distance too. earth ,venus and mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? astronomers are fascinated by venuis because iy may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. today, venus stil has some features that are analogous to those on earth. however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. the national aeronautics and space administration nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old tecnology called mechanical computers. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. in conclusion the national aeronatics and space administration nasa want to send humas to study venus, but their jet airplane in a hot temperature would be burn, but they are gliding a form to travel safely to venus.