should driverless cars be allowed? should people rely on technology for something as important as transportation? as stated in paragraph one such cars could fundamentally change the world, says google confouner sergey brin. hes right these driverless cars will funamentally change the world, but is that really the kind of change people want? not everything should be taken over by technology. sixteen year olds across america get the privilige to drive, just to get it taken away because nowadays the car can drive for you. keep in mind there can be many problems with these cars. one such problem that can accur is system failure. these cars are engineered to stop when they sense something that is too close from the rear and the front. are these sensors completely reliable? for example, the sensor stops working and the car gets into an accident. as stated in paragraph nine, that creates a problem with manufacturers. just imagine the problem that the manufacturering business would face because of unreliable technology used in the vehicle. how will these vehicles react in weather conditions? snow, rain, and even warm weather. macbooks cant be left out in the snow without technology damage. whats to make buyers think that these such vehicles can drive safely in cold, wet conditions? paragraph four talks about all the sensors on these automobiles what happens to them if its freezing out or if it gets wet. sure manufacturers can put some kind of protection on it to keep it from getting wet but no one is to say its one hundred percent safe. paragraph eight starts by saying this why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? driverless cars today are not one hundred percent driverless. maybe instead of making cars driverless, maybe they should be made more safe for driving. these driverless cars still need a driver anyways, all that is really happening right now is these cars are being made more efficient. maybe instead of taking all of the driving privilige away, instead make it easier for people to have that privilige safely. should driverless cars be allowed and are they one hundred pecent safe? personally, i think not. as recently stated driving is a privilige and in this world things should not be done for us. technology is fundamentally changing the world. its also taking it over completely. safety, unreliable technology, and manufacturers are big reasons i disagree with driverless cars. leave the driving to the people. just make it more safe.