the value of technology we as a human race and generation have envovled with what we can do with technoogy. one example of this envolution is cell phones, we all have heard the tales of how are parents didnt even have or better yet even knew what a cell phone was when they were kids. this might just seem like boring old tales to the generation who grew up with all different types of cell phones. even so these tales show us just how much technology has improved, and how we are still improving. just like our lastest improvement in technology ,the facs system. the facs system stands for facial action coding system meaning this is a system that reads and codes the facial expression a person makes and tell us what emotion they are feeling. cool right but now the next step or should i say next question is if we should allow this facs system in classrooms to read students emtional expressions. i believe we should use this system in classrooms because all kids learn differently and the teacher cant always adhere to a certain kids way of learning. therefore if we were to have this facs system it would allow the computer to calculate the childs facial expression and tell the teacher so that they can better adjust their lesson and all the kids can be engaged better. if they were to allow this system in classrooms the kids would retain information better which might lead to better test score, and maybe even a better learning environment. this facs system was creayed by pyschologist dr. paul eckamn with professor thomas huang from beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illnois. with the help of professor nicu sebe from the university of amsterdam. eckman has classified basic human emtions and paired them with the muscles involved with that certain emotion. by doing this it allows the computer to calculate the emotion being expressed even though indivduals show varyng degrees of emotions meaning we can calculate even the littest emotion. which would help out greatly if put in a classroom a classroom computer could recongize when a student is becoming confused or bored then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. in conclusion the facs system should be put into classrooms and if it were it would be a great aspect to students learning.