no driverless cars shouldnt be permisable to any community!. driverless cars are very dangours. many people around the world look for the future and the next step, but sometimes there imagination gets the best of them. yes driverless cars can be good and help full but the craters of this historical object is selfish to the community and himself. the creator is selfish becouse more then thousands of people lose there jobs a year, that number will greatly expand and a thousand more can lose there jobs, those people can end up in a hopless future, they could become homeless, get an adiction to drugs, or go to jail. while in the other hand the man that created this terifiying plan gets richer and richer by those who lost there jobs profit. driveless cars could also increase the death rate more the , people die a year, more then , come to death by getting hit by an object, in that object is mostly a car. driveless cars will increase the death rate becouse the car itself focuses on the road and other cars while the humans that walk are just objects, if the human dies and the cars passangers die who is risposible for the death of those sivilians. the company will be billionares by a week and loseing a little money wont bother them who is going to face to or stand up to there distruction becouse the owners not the companys not they will use money to get awy from those type of obsticals.many people belive that there is always a way out of this sorrow life but using machines to solve the lifes problems will just harm it even more. once they creat a driverless car whats next a flyingless plane more and more people will lose there jobs while these machines will only provide a thosand familys in the world. if you ask me what i think of a project that contains machines doing the work my answer is no! what will your supply be once you are homeless and helples, how will you provide your family and how will you provide yourself. if you care about the life of your family think about the future and say no!