do you think that the use technology is valuable for detecting emotional expressions? well i think that it is not valuable for us. i will be naming some reason why in this essay. if you are intrested in knowing more of why it wouldnt be valuable for us please read on. a reason that i think that this type of technology wouldnt be valuable to us because i dont think it is important to try to understand how someone feels or what emotions they are having at that moment. they probably wouldnt want you to know because if they did they would probably tell you. its none of our business honestly, however how we be for sure that this type of technology would even work. there is supposed to be  major facial muscles in our face and the computer is supposed construct that using a d model but what happenes if it misses a muscle and the calculations are all wrong. then you wouldnt exactly know what they are really feeling. the computer would not be giving you the excat emotion. also, there is a mucle called orbiculars oculi pars palpabraeus that makes crows feet around your eyes, so if computers scans someones face that has that then the computer would give out false information about the person is feeling just because of the face when this person could really happy. another muscle that is created is called the risorius that could put on a false smile that make your mouth skretch sideways creating a smile that could make you look happy when your actually sad. the computer could also scan a person like that and would again give false information. i believe that the computer can be wrong because everything wont be correct as they should be. another way, is that a person could just not smile at all like how mona lisa was once before and they could be extremly happy, but if a computer were to scan how that the computer would give results of sadness but that is not actually how the person is feeling. computers just cant calculate how a person is feeling  percent of the time and be correct about it. yes, a computer can communicate with humans but not emotionally. this is a new type technology can have its ups and downs but i think that it will have more downs than ups. however, another mucsle called frontalis pars lateralis could make you seem suprised just by raising an eyebrow but that doesnt always mean your confused or shocked it could mean many other things. the computer can calculate that your confused just by raising your eyebrow because it could calculate your face expressin not emotion. facial expressions are universal and could all mean different things and a computer wouldnt clearly be able to tell how someone is feeling. dr. huang observed the artist da vinci for human anatomy to help paint mucsles precisely but his software only have similar anatomical information as electronic code, so his software doesnt the exact electronic codes it need so it could be wrong about how people are feeling. to hence, i dont think that technology to read emotions are valuble because the computer could be wrong and not give the exact emotion, it could falsly give how someone is feeling due to a muscle in a persons face to make them look a certain way, and that the computer could not create the exact face because it mioght miss a muscle and give the wrong expression.