driverless cars are coming, and it seems to be an amazing idea. it will be a big change for the world, and it will be here before we know it. more and more things are being discovered about how to make theses cars better and soon people will see it for themselves. even though there are still things being worked out to make these cars even better, it seems like it is going to help out in a lot of ways. it would use half of the fuel of todays taxis, offer new safety features, and make getting places easier. these new vehicles would consume less fuel than most of todays cars currently take. they could get you farther on less gas, making it a cheaper way to travel and get to everyday places such as work or the store. cars like this would fundamentally change the world and how we live. by , mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that meet these standards out to the public. in such little time, the people could see the world and transportation changing right before their eyes. even if certain vehicles do not function completely driverless, they do offer new safety features that would help in a lot of ways. in some cars, such as the ones built by bmw who developed the traffic jam assistant in , they can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but the driver must still have both hands on the wheel at all times for it to do so. these kinds of vehicles also require for people to take the wheel at certain times such as driving through work zones and around accidents. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but they will notify the driver if human skills are needed, so the driver must remain alert at all times. companies such as gm have developed seats that will vibrate to get the drivers attention, but they are also considering things such as flashing lights on the windsheild to warn a driver if they need to take over. the idea of having cameras in the cars so the car can watch if the driver is keeping focus on the road or not have come up as well. many different safety features are developing with the research of driverless cars. getting where you would need to go would be easier in a driverless car from one of the public transportation systems that google cofounder sergey brin has imagined. if would be less worrying as well for some people. if somebody goes out and drinks, then they cannot get behind the wheel of a car. however, with the driverless cars, the car would do all the work to get them home safely and with no hassle. it would be safer and more efficient in an event like this. as research and development of new technologies for these continue, it could begin to help in situations such as this. it would make a lot of peoples lives easier and maybe even save a few. with the technology, it could help prevent accidents and keep the people in the car safer with minimal human control of it unless needed. as we wait to see what happens in the next few years, it is interesting to look more into what an amazing and brilliant idea driverless cars would be. they are quickly becoming more of a reality. the world continues to change and develop right in front of everybodys eyes. these will change how a lot of things happen and how a lot of people get around from place to place. new ideas like these can lead to safer and more efficient ways of traveling. it could help out in everyday life, or if you are taking a trip somewhere and do not want to have complete control the entire time so you can relax.