there is an advantage in limiting car usage. there are three articles that will show you the advantage in limiting car usage. in article, in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, it says, vauban, germanyresidents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before they have given up their cars. in this article you can tell that in germany people have explored many places and they explored without the use of cars. then, how do they get from one place to another? in the article it talks about heidrun walter, a media trianer and mother of two, walking through verant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. heidrun walter says, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. as you can see, when people drive it causes them to be tense. may be because they are afraid they will crash. while on the other hand, when they are walking they feel happy because they dont worry about someone hitting them, plus when they walk they enjoy the beauty of nature. in article, paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer, talks about banning the use of cars because cars are polluting the environment. it says, after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. as you can imagine many people didnt like the idea. the reactions of the people caused a big change. in the article it says, the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered on tuesday. so the advantage paris is doing is trying to make sure the environment doesnt get more polluted. paris is trying to keep the environment clean. other article that gives an advantage in limiting the use of cars is, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky says, bogota, colombiain a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. as you can see, people in colombia are doing many things that does not involve the use of a car. they have a carfree day. the rection of the people having a carfree day is way different from the reaction of the people in paris banning the use of cars. bogota mayor antanas mockus says, the rain hasnt stopped people from participating. bussinessman carlos arturo plaza says, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. enrique riera, the mayor of asuncion, paragauy says, these people are generating a revolotionary change, and this is crossing borders. as you can tell from this article people are very happy in having a carfree day and they are making a huge difference in the environment. these three articles show many advantages in limiting the use of cars. one they reduce the pollution cars are making when driving. two it takes stress away from people. in the three articles it talks about people being stress or tense when driving. having a day without a car relaxes them. other advantage is that they enjoy walking around and seeing the beauty of nature. which nature is another way to relax and not be stressed or tense. would you take a day without a driving a car? would you like to have a carfree day?