a huge precentage of americans want the electoral college abolished. their views are justified when the electoral college fails to reflect the populations opinion. does it make sense to base our democracy on this downtrodden way of electing the president? the electoral college should be abolished for not reflecting the public view,having the chance of making an elector with no intrests for those who elected him,and giving equal power to a state with a lower population to the same as a high one. although the college gaurantees a victor the other reasons outweight it in comparison. first of all,the electoral college should be abolished for failing to represent the population majority. when an american goes to vote its not for the president,but for a slate of electors,who in turn elect the president. upon seeing the results with the popular vote cast aside by the elector and voting something else entirely how could an average american feel anything else then betrayed? its due to this that many americans dont even consider going to vote feeling as if it is a waste of time due to the elector deciding for them. going to vote for our president should be what represents america seeing as americans always talk and brag about the amount of freedom we have. instead its more of whos the elector going to vote for this election? in addition, the electors chosen are not even required to vote for who their state has approved of. giving this power to the elector could possibly make them corrupt and go against the population. an example would be republicans sending a republican elector but the elector instead votes for the oppsosite party. it doesnt happen very often but making it even a possibility is a huge risk to the population of that state and could easily incite unrest among the population. its very possible and the electorscould always defy the will of the people. letting someone have that kind of power goes against the very principals of our democracy and should be erraticated. finally,the college is not equal when it somes to states and population. when a tie would happen the representatives from smaller states become equal to the bigger states such as texas. basically with this equal voting power the houses selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. this could go as far as the minority getting the president they want and most of the countrys people being dissatisfied,this could lead to a catastrophe not seen by america throughout its existence. it also seems irrational that a state with fifteen times less of a population would still have the same power as the bigger state. to conclude,the electoral college fails in many places where an attempt at democracy is made. it doesnt even represent democracy when the voting that matters is made from a select group of individuals instead of the population itself. these individuals are not even required to oblige to the majority of the state making voting at the poll seem useless. where the college does give equal power it is misplaced by giving minorities a chance of overruling the majority. no doubt this electoral college should be abolished.