online school lessons are not always the most exciting, nor uplifting. students groan and moan about how boring or useless they are to their general knowledge. there could be a way to fix the boredom and overall spirit of learning. nick dalto has written an article stating the positives of using new technology to find the emotions a face can hide. the usage of technology to read students emotional expressions is a positive and efficient way to help them because it can prevent inefficiency, make students happier, and has the ability to cater to the emotions of the students. dalto gives examples that reducing boredom can create a more efficent classroom. dr. huang of his article suggests that lessons could be motified in the benefit of students. he states, a classroom computor could recognize when a student is becoming confused of bored... dr. huang later states that, then it could modify the lesson, like and effective human instructor. new technology can create a better lesson plan that in individualized for each student, making classrooms more efficient. classroom learning is not always happy or fun. students are often prone to sleeping, procrastinating, and obstaining from the work because it is not interesting enough. the new technology dalto studied could make happier to learn or quicker to finish assignments. the text states that the emotion scanning technology could, ...know when youre happy or sad....then it could modify...like an effective human. these new lessons created by the technology could make more interesting or fun topics for students. dr. huang states, the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video cames or video sugery. this shows that the rise of new technology could potentially create a happier more efficient classroom. everyone knows students are a melting pot of knowledge. each student has strengths and weaknesses in learning. the processes of each teacher may not be able to efficiently cater to each students needs. nick daltos article states, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication....so computers need to understand that, too. this note, by dr. huang in in response to his opinion on the modification of lessons for students. the new technology is stated to easily cater to the needs of each student by changing lessons and learning processes. new technology is everywhere. students and teachers may be able to utilize a new kind of technology that can increase the quality of lessons and learning. nick dalto covers the topic of emotion reading technology that may become a great way to learn. new emotion scannning technology used to read students emotional expressions is a positive and efficient way to help them because it can prevent inefficiency, make students happier, and has the ability to cater to the emotions of the students.