imange going to venus on winter time because you are tire of the cold and the snow too much, scientest recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. venus is the closest planet to earth, well sometimes because venus orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mean that we are closer to mars and other times to venus. first, scientists recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. after hearing this any one would be interesing on going to venus? well venus a very dangers planet, on the planets surface, temperatues average over  degrees fahrenheit. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. next, the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particulalrly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution is allow scientists to float above the surface of venus. the temperature would still be a little bit hot at around  degrees fahrenheit, and the air pressure would be at or close of sea level. vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. last, in paragraph  it says a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. why are scientisit talking about going to venus for a visit if venus is inhospitable? one of the reasons si the venus has a lot of similar things as the earth. venus has erupting volcanes, pwerful earthquakes, and frenquent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. in conclusion, the author suggest that studying venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents beacuse image one day the earth gets a temperature of  degrees, most of the people would not have any idea how to survive. good thing nasa has the idea of having vehicle float.