in the article driverless cars are coming it states how many car companies are considering switching to driverless cars. there are many postive and negative aspects to driverless cars. i personally think that driverless cars is an awful idea. one example of why i think that we should not have driverless cars is people will stop paying attention to what is going on around them. these days there are millions of wrecks happening because people are too busy on their phones or messing with the radio. they completly ignore that they could risk hurting themselves and hurting the passengers that is riding along. there is already a problem with teen texting. with these driverless cars the teenagers will think it will be an easier way to text while in the drivers seat and not get pulled over or cause a wreck. in the article it states that there will be an alert to let someone know when to take over. but, there is always going to be the chance that the way of the alert could break or not notify the person in time to take over. this could cause danger to people inside and outside of the vechicle. i also think that if people were to think they were going to be alerted, they would be able to drive home after drinking. this could cause a huge amount of danger to everyone around them. since the car is a driverless car and it is going to be very rare the vechicles will be very expensive. i personally think that it could be two times the cost of a regular car. also if a piece in the vechicle was to break it would be very costly to fix. these pieces would be made to go into a driverless car and without them everyone could be put at risk. since they are so rare it would cost a lot of money and time to find excatly what you need. many people may agree that driverless cars will be more efficient to helping people out who have kids or even the elderly. but i personally think that they are wrong. driverless cars will not help improve the life we have today. they will make people think that it is okay to not pay attention to what is going on outside of the car and cause more wrecks. the cost to purchase or fix a driverless car would be highly expensive. i highly reccomend not purchasing a driverless car.