i am cristal, and well the idea of smart cars is pretty awesome, i am aware of the driverless cars, malfunctions and the defects it has. i believe that it is a great idea and should be inforced. the car has many great features that can help us be safe and have lower fuel prices. we could make the future better and safer. even though the price of the car,and the road work that needs to be adjusted will be expensive but will be totally worth it. first of all, i agree with the making of the car. it is a great invention for the future. it has good perks of course such as, not driving, being quite safe, being able to text without driving,and it also would reduce the fuel of a normal taxi cab to about one half. the smart cars have driven more than half million miles without a crash, this is saying that the cars have driven far without causing any accidents. secondly the cars have positionestimating senors, gps receivers, radar sensors, motion sensors, d model of the cars surroundings. all of these things that the car has are more than enough to be great on roads. the good thing is that the smart car would be able to take you anywhere you desire. i think it would be a great idea if your a begining learner and dont have that much expiernce and or if you are under the influence of alcohol. it is a good car for thoes who like to text while they drive you will finally be able to text without killing yourself or getting pulled over by the police. you will be able to return home or to your destination safely. it uses less fuel which is great we wont use all of it and have to raise prices on fuel if we use less. the car will be pricey and all of the new work that would have to be done to the roads all over the world or country. but dont you think that your life would be more safe if your not in conditions to drive then isnt car is the best idea? in conclustion, i cristal believe that it would be a great invention for the future. you will be safe getting to your destination. its great for the economy of the people, and its safer than one driving. it will be expensive but in the end it will all be worth the price it took to make the car and to do all hard work on the roads to make the world a better place. our life is in great hands will the smart cars that will soon do a great job taking us places.