limiting car usage is helpful into reducing stress and helping the enviroment. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way a mother of two said. street parkng, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental near the french and swiss borders. vaubans streets are completely car free, car ownership is allowed but there are only two places to park. this is smart planning. there have bee efforts in the last two decades to make cities denser. vauban home to , residents are the advanced experimented in low car suburban life. with more space not being used by cars, stores can now have a walkway to the main street rather a mall next to a highway. ever since world war  everything has been based on a car, well thats going to have to change. , drivers were fined for driving in paris after told not to because of smog, they didnt listen. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. diesal fuel was blamed. paris has more smog than any other european capitals. delivery companies complained of lost of revenue, while exceptions were made for pul in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers. while in colombia they have a day when you dont use your car in order to prevent smog. millions of colombians hike, bike, skate, or took the bus to school and work, whoever violated that day they were fined with .  million didnt use their car. colombias goal is to promote alternative transportation, and the rain hasnt stopped them its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower pollution.  other cities joined the event. in the united states each year drivers have been becoming less and less, were buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses too. a study of last year found that driving by young people deceased  percent between  and . pedestrain, bicycle,private cars,commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety.