are cars becoming more of the past and less of the future? people arent driving as much as they used to, and might be of some benifit to our everyday life. places like germany, paris, columbia and more are joining up to use less cars and use more pedestrians, public transportation, bycycle, ect to form a connected way of transportaion to save money, save resourses, lower polution percentages and improve safty. according to the passage in german suburb, life goes on without cars written by elisabeth rosenthal  passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissionsin europe. and up two  percent in some carintesive areas in the united states. imagain what would happen if we reduced the car rate use in just the us. we could conserve a large amount of fuel. that can be used for public trasportation, and also reduceing the price per gallon. it can also protect our enviromet. alowing us to protect wild life, and breathing in chemicals that shouldn,t be inside our bodys. just by doing this it could greatly effect or life lives in a positive way. this means for a new way of live. a connected network that relies on everything and everyone doing there part. in doing so, it provides a safe and money saving enviroment. first of all you dont have to worry about paying those incompetent car bills. and you dont have to pay insurence for the car. second you save money not paying for gas every week. alowwing yourself to move from place to place in your community, by public or comercial transportaion, or even bike riding is good, and safe. you dont have to wory about hitting somone or something. or mabye someone hitting you. this could cause less trips to the hospitals and prevent less death. in the passage written by elisabeth rosenthal it says  public transit was free of charge from friday to monday, according to the bbc so as you can see limiting car use is very effective, efficiant, and enviromently safe. this is also a time savior. no worries about your car breaking down, cause riding the bus ensures you that ist regularly checked and regulated. walking asrrues you that its exercies so there is no need to waste time. all around limiting car use is better for life. you save money, help the enviroment and the communites wich you live in, and improves safty. so i ask you are you willing to not drive?