driverless cars are seeming to become more of a reality than an idea. with todays technology driverless cars would be possible and there are even some right now. personaly i think driverless cars could be a good idea but there are many complications at the moment. these complications involve mostly law issues like if a driver were to get into an accident, and who would be put at blame. through out history driverlesss car have been made going all the way back to the late s. this proves that the technology is availiable and it is possible. i think they could be benefitial to our society because if the driver gets distracted then there would not be a crash because they are not actually driving. the cars today, however still need a driver to be ready to take over in certain conditions. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents,paragraph . the cars need for assistance would reduce the number of crashes because if the driver didnt take over and the car got stuck there would be a large traffic build up that could lead to injury. the driverless car would remove the risk of human error when tired, distracted or even under the influence. they would also be nearly perefect when it comes to driving because of certain sensors in the vehicle, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone,paragraph . theses sensors not only make the car safer but they also help the car handle more tasks on their own. further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more driving tasks on their own,pragraph . many of the cars that are meant to be driverless will also be using half of the fuel used in cars today. this is also reducing the amount of polution in the world to making it eco freindly as well. the cars can also monitor the driver to be sure that they are paying attention to the road and not texting or sleeping. there have been many developements to make sure the driver is alreted when the car comes up against a road block, gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over the car. other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays, paragraph . these would be sure that the driver is prepared to take over the car at all times and is not distracted. in conclusion driverless cars can greatly benefit the comunity increasing vehicle saftey and being eco freindly. there may be some consequences at the moment but in time they will be sorted out and delt with. the driverless car is one of or if not the safest option for the drivers and pedestrains at this age in time.