children are full of emotions, and therefore are confused alot. so it comes as no suprise why some children struggle in school. it is apparent that what schools are doing now isnt helping these children. all teachers are different, they have different points of view, different styles on thow they teach. these opposing views make all teachers different and could confuse their students. with a computer however, there could be meximum proformance. the children would learn better and more than they were before. computers that read emotions could benifit schools and the nation. computers reading emotions could be a huge step in the right direction. children could easily learn what is going on and if they do not the computer can evaluate that and change what it is doing. dr. haung explains the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. the computer knows alot of different facial expressions and therefore can easily and quickly evaluate what the childs problem is, and fix it. the computer knows the students emotions and could easily diagnose problems and help the child to better understand what they are doing. the computer could also learn to take disiplenry action to the child. which if the child has violent tendencies could lead to some major conflict. if the child knows that the ocmputer is expensive heshe is less liekly to hit it. the computer may even be able to stop a bad situations before it even begins by anylising the situation by reading emotion. eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. anger is one of the emotions the computer can detect and could rush into a situaltiongranted it have some way of getting around and fix or mediate the problem with facts. for diciplenry action computers would bring grat dicipline to the classroom. teachers in the future could be more like operators, if something happens to the computer the teachers could work on or fix the computer. over time this could lead to the teaching industry dissappearing. children may not think this is good and there would definently be a lack of emotion from the teacher in the classroom seeing as it is a computer. but there is too much advantage obver disavantage. all in all teachers would still have jobs but wouldnt be as active. which would put less stress on teachers, which in turn, would maximise proficiency. emotion reading computers would not only benifit schools but the nation as a whole. computers could read the emotions of each individual child and see chat works and what dosent. the computers can also mediate arguments and take diciplenry action when needed. and teachers would have a much easier job at managing and teaching the students. schools around the world need this new state of the art computer system to help read emotions and prepare children for the brightest future.