the face on mars is not an alien creation. it is a natural landform. evidence to support this claim includes this landform is similar to ones found on earth that were created naturally, the technology is extremely advanced to where we would know if alien life existed, and nasa would share any evidence of life on mars if any is found. the face on mars is much like natural landforms found here on earth, specifically in the western part of north america. it is called a mesa. in the article, unmasking the face on mars, garvin says, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. because the atmospheres and climates of earth and mars are similar, it is very possible that the same type of natural landforms could be created on both planets. there has even been evidence supporting the claim that water previously existed on mars, which could have caused erosion that formed the face. technology has improved drastically within the last few decades. specific to this research, cameras are part of that new and improved technology. nasa was able to capture outstanding photographs of the face. it is stated in the article, each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. with these sharper images, the face no longer looked like a face. the conditions were different as well. on a cloudless day, mars global surveyor captured more images of the face. it looked like an ordinary landform. there has never been any solid official evidence of life on the red planet. people think nasa may be hiding their findings of aliens on mars. however, in paragraph five of the article, it says, ... evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. nasa would definetly share any evidence of alien life with the public because that would be great publicity for them. it would be huge news that would spread across the world. nasa would benifit greatly from this because of all the money it would bring in. in conclusion, the face on mars is not an alien formation, but a natural landform that happened to resemble a human face at one point. some people will continue to believe that aliens do exist, but as of right now, no solid evidence has proven that theory. these are just a few reasons that support the face as being a landform that was created naturally, but nasa has many more. as more technology is developed and nasa delves deeper into uncovering the secrets of mars, we will anxiously await any new discoveries.