ther are  main supportive reassons why this face on mars is just a natral landform. one, there is a posibility that the face is just a huge rock formation...which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouthparagraph . two, if the face on mars was evidence of life on mars that would be evedence that nasa would rather hideparagraph . three, paragraph  explains that the face on mars is equivalent to a butte or mesa. first of all there is a posibility that the face is just a huge rock formation...which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouthparagraph . i believe this beacuse nasa does not come across it veary often. therefore, every time nasa did see the face then they might of just cought the rock formation at the right time, therefore cetching the right light. in a better picture taken in  by viking  you can clearly see shadows wich might be the scource of the face formation. second if the face on mars was evidence of life on mars that would be evedence that nasa would rather hideparagraph . i think this very much makes sence because if it were evidence that would be somthing surely to keep out of the media. if there were other evidence of life on mars then why would nasa let just one piece of evidence out if it could easaly be mistaken. then you would have a fake story going around that could possibly spark tension between countries for lieing about life on mars. third, paragraph  explains that the face on mars is equivalent to a butte or mesa. a butte is a lava bome that takes the form of an isolated mesa. therefore creating a figure that, with the right light, will creat a face loking feature. also since a better picture was taken it would be easeier to discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!paragraph  ther are my  main supportive reassons why this face is just a natral landform. one, there is a posibility that the face is just a huge rock formation...which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouthparagraph . two, if the face on mars was evidence of life on mars that would be evedence that nasa would rather hideparagraph . three, paragraph  explains that the face on mars is equivalent to a butte or mesa.