i believe driverless cars are a good start for a more modern future. although i dont believe they are such a great idea for us. it could be great to have a car that drives you around but will you really enjoy the fact of not being able to drive anymore? teenager dream of the day they get their permit just do they are aloud to begin to learn how to drive. that way they dont have to depend on others for rides to school, work, or other activities. i know this because i am a teenager myself and i dream of the day that i will be able to get my drivers license and be able to drive my friends to the movies or to the mall. so what about drivers license will those not be required to be in a driverless car or will you need a special permit to be able to own a driverless car? in the case of an accident and someone is injured who will be at fault the driver or the manufacturer? i do believe this will cause alot of conflict between the manufacturer and the individual because if an accident occurs how will anyone know what cause the accident. this could become a million dollar problem. plus you can never really trust a piece of machinery because sometimes something just goes wrong and taking the fault for something that you did do could become very annoying and frustrating. its like getting in trouble for something that your sibling did and your sibling is just standing by laughing at you because you got in trouble and they didnt. i believe that having driveless cars become a new thing in our world is a bad idea not only are the expensive but the roads will have to be smart to. updating all the road in the world that is also very expensive. although it is expected in  to have a completely driverless car, alot of traffic laws will have to change but what about the people who dont have a driverless car will the same rules be applied to them? i personally dont see myself in a driverless car unless my best friend is a rich millionaire. may be instead of driverless cars we can have self conducted trains, subways, buses, or other forms of transportation. why dont we make our bikes and motorcycles driverless too. what fun will we have when everything is done for us. at first it all these things could be fun to have but later we could feel completly useless.