are driverless cars simply good or bad? you could argue either way, driverless cars are improving every year, but they are also cautious because its up to you to put your life on the line by letting the car drive you around. driverless cars are not aproved in alot of states, simply because other states dont know whether to trust theses cars with traffic laws and etc. these cars are trying to be proven that can could make you driving experience easier and more safe. i believe this cars need more improvment, they seem to be very good technology but i wouldnt trust theses cars. traffic laws are also stopping driverless cars, it states that, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. i truely based on my knowledge absolutely believe this satement. there is no need to have technology control your car, because technology will always have some kind of flaw with it. if the car cant completely drive through any kind of circumstances then i wouldnt trust it. in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. if i have no evidence that these cars could drive through traffic then i would also prevent theses cars in my society as well. not only because i havent seen them in traffic but also because i have some kind of fear in these cars, such as accidents, reckless driving by the car, and also any kind of technical difficulties that could cause the car to mess up in traffic jams. there has been accidents by regular human beings but there could even be more with driverless cars, who knows? we wouldnt know until we have some type of prove that they can do just as fine as humans on the road. these cars cant be trusted at this moment in time. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themsleves by . until then i wouldnt allow them on streets. if you had an accident, whos fault is it, the driver or the manufacturer? you have to create all these new laws for just one type of car. its going to take some time, but for now you have to just keep on improving them until you have an argument theat theses cars should be allowed. also you have to have some type of evidence that these cars could be really good drivers on the road. why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? eventually drivers could possibly get bored and decide to drive on their own. these cars could also bring to mind, a waste of money. in the article it says we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way.this is absolutely correct, you have to have some type of way to keep the passengers alerted and also interactive in the car. for me, i just would want to see how this car could last more in future. i want to see manufacturers bring in car entertainment and information systaems that use headsup displays. i would also want to see more evidence on how these cars could drive in traffic, and expand in more states. most important thing to improve is simply the safety of the cars. all of this information would have to improve for me to trust these cars. would you trust these semiautonomous cars?