the development of driverless cars should not be allowed. driverless cars would not be good in the united states. it wouldnt be good for the simple fact that it could leave a gas in the air that would pollute the world. it would be dangerous to the people who do not own a driverless car. also the driverless car would cost billions of dollars, so most people woulnt even bother to spend their money on something like that. driverless cars would not be a good idea for the world because it could pollute the earth with a gas that many people could get sick from, and potientially die from. these driverless cars will have to run on some type of fuel, they will not be able to run on solar power for the simple fact that some people work, and do other things at night time. the fuel that the cars will run on could get the people who are walking by the cars sick because of all the toxic fuems in the air. if everyone is sick or has passed away because of the fuems, how would the people who built and worked on these cars make money? also another reason driverless cars shouldnt be allowed is the cost of the car. driverless cars will be expensive to buy, let alone the cost to have it worked on, if the car has a few issues with it. most citizens in america are middle class citizens, meaning are not rich. so basically, only the rich, and famous people will be buying these cars. its poitnless to spend all of your money on car, that could possibly cost more than the house you are living in. as stated in paragraph three, general motors, in the s, tried to creat a concept car that could run on a special test track. that idea did not work because the roads the cars would have to drive on, are the ones we use, and our roads are not upgraded to that point yes. it also states in paragraph three that, engineers at berkeley tried something similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity. once again it worked to a certain degree, but on the roads most cars drive on, they would have to do major upgrades on them. both these ideas were very good, but will not work because of our roads that we drive on today. many people would like to own a driverless car, but cannot because of the roads we drive on today are not up to par. driverless cars should not be allowed in the world. the gas fuems could pollute us, they would cost lot of money, and they have already tried something like that before but it did not work due to the roads we drive on. the people who built and worked on these cars would not make a lot of money due the fact that most people are middle class, and will not spend more money on car, that could possible cost more than their house they are currently paying for, or own.