exploring venus seems very interesting when thinking about it. all of the beneficial things that we can study and analyze. studying other planets have always been helpful to mankind and helps people gain insight on our solar system around us. but at the same time exploring these planets are very dangerous too. not because of animals or humans but because of the harsh living conditions on other planets. so i will tell you why i think exploring venus is not worth the pursuit of exploring. my first reason of why i think venus is not worth the pursuit is because of the difficulty of exploring venus. in paragrpah  it states that ships orbiting over venus with lights cant see the ground because of the dense atmosphere. which makes it hard for scientists because if you cant see anything you cant analyze any data that you get because of venuss features. but it does state that nasa is trying to find new ways of exploring venus but its not as good as hands on exploration. which is good but most likely not good enough to find out what they want about the planet. my second reason of why i think venus is not worth the exploration is because of venuss conditions and features. when reading about venus the conditions are very extreme compared to the conditions on earth. such as clouds filled with highly corrosive sulfuric acid or temperatures that average over  degrees. making it the planet with the hottest surface temperature even though mercury is closer to the sun. also the atmospheric pressure is great enough to crush an accustomed submarine that would be able to dive into the deepest parts of the ocean and liquifies metals. but having similarities to earth such as erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and etc. so in conclusion i feel that venus should not be a planet we heavily invest in and scientists should try other planets before venus. because of the harsh conditions that it would have on humans. because of the difficulty in analyzation. making venus a nonreliable source compared to others. so that is why i think that venus is not worth exploring.