driving can be a fun time and a bad time. driving has its advanteges but there are many disadvanteges which makes people not want to drive. limiting car usage can be an extremely good thing and there are plenty of reasons as to why thats true. life will still go on without cars and it might even go on in a better way. people have voted and more have voted on less driving because it is less stressful. for starters, limiting your car usage means less accidents. united stated has the highest death amount due to car accidents. almost  of deaths are from a mistake made behind the wheel. you never know what might happen when you least expect it, especially when youre just going to a drive to the grocerie store. alot can happen in  minutes, in fact it is proven that most accidents happen within a mile of your home. limit your driving and save your life as well as someone elses. also, limiting your car usuage means saving gas money. on average you soen about  dollars to fill a gas tank. that is about  in one month. if you save that you will have over a thousand dollars saved in a year. gas prices raise and drop but are high most of the time, which is a primary reason why people run out of money. lastly, limiting your gas usage means getting more exersize. driving around will not help keep you healthy, in fact almost everyone eats behind the wheel. drop your keys and walk to your destination. if you walk everyday to where you need to be your body will stay fit as well as expanding your lifetime. americans tend to be lazy and not go out and exersize but without a car they have no choice. it will increase the amount of healthy people and decrease the fat on your body. many advantages come with not driving. it is not something impossible to do, many have done it and many can continue to do it. it will also keep comments from other people held back. no one can judge what your driving whether youre less fortunate or not. it helps keep the community closer, money saved, better health and less accidents.