use of technology has been changed over the past decade. technology has been grown a lot. people use technology in regular basis. the article, making mona lisa smile by nick dalto introduces a new idea of technology to read peoples emotions. this idea is very helpful and can use in any places like hospitals, schools, etc. using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable due to its ability to recognize need of help, to get desirable results, and to save time. first reason why using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable, is due to its ability to recognize need of help. according to the article, a classroom computer could recognize when a students is becoming confused or bored. the author meant to say that the emotion reader has the ability to recognize a emotion. using this emotion reader in classroom computer, it is easier to identify whether a students need help or not. due its ability to recognize need of help, classrooms should have the technology to read the emotional expressions of students. second reason why using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable, is due to its ability to get desirable results. according to the article, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. the author meant to say that this emotion reader has the ability to find what an individual like or not by just looking at that individuals face. due its ability to get desirable results, classrooms should have the technology to read the emotional expressions of students. final reason why using technology to read the emotional expression of students in a classroom is valuable, is due to its ability to save time. it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the author meant to say that the, this emotion reader have the ability do the job of a teacher. while the teacher is busy, the computer can help the student identify what they need help with. this save a lot of time of both the students and the teachers. due to its ability to save time, classrooms should have the technology to read the emotional expressions of students. due to the ability of recognizing need of help, getting desirable results, and saving time, technology should be used in classrooms to read the emotional expressions of students. now technology has the ability to recognize whether an individual need help or not. it can give the results that an individual like by identifying their emotion. it can save a lot of time for both students and teachers by doing the work of a teacher and helping the student. technology has been greatly influenced people over the past decade.