think of a clear world, no smog, no pollution, just a beautiful day everyday. now wouldnt that be nice. what if i told you that you can make it happen? its as easy as snapping your fingers. this thing you have to do is, drum roll please..... not using your car. i know it sounds crazy right now but let me tell you about all the good that comes out of it, and maybe, just maybe youll change your mind. now as most of you know there is alot of pollution all over earth, and this pollution is caused by alot of things, but the two main reasons are cars and power plants. pollution caused by cars affects alot of things including greenhouses. when smoke from a car reaches a greenhouse it produces a gas that negativly affects the enviroment. your probably thinking that its no big deal because theres not alot of greenhouses, but thats where your wrong. as elisabeth rosaenthal says  passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. another thing that is caused by cars is smog. robert duffer, the writer of paris bans driving due to smog , wrote that  paris typically has more smog than other european capital ...last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. congestion in france was down  percent after almost a week of intensifying smog. they had to stop using cars of course, but it was the only way to get the smog to go down. now that weve talked about the bad stuff caused by cars, lets talk about the good that can come out of not using a car as much or not at all. alot of people who participate in not using a car, weather it was for a day or for forever, have said that it reduces alot of stress and air pollution. lower air pollution makes for more clean and clear air. which means you get to see the day better than before, and who wouldnt want that. overall it not only helps you, but it also helps the planet you live on, so give walking a try, you might even find seeing nature around you better than driving by it.