the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classrom is valuable. the technology would help to see what a student is feeling. if a student is sad, a peer or tecaher can help them get through what theyre going through. if a human cant read facial expressions that good, a computer can. technology is a good source for reading students emotions. technology could help an individual see what another individual is feeling. in the text it states that, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, thats what the facial action coding system is there for. if someone cant tell how their peer is feeling, they should use this technology. computers are smart. technology can tell how youre feeling. the facial action coding system is a good way to communicate your emotions. if a student is not in the best mood, a peer or a teacher can help them with what theyre going through. each expression is compared against a neutral face, humans cant tell what people are going through that wears a neutral face. the facial action coding system reads all of your face muscles and movements. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar add might follow, this tells the audience that computers can tell how youre feeling. computers can read emotions better than humans. if a human cant read facial expressions, a computer can. according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your muscles not only expressed emotions, but may even help produce them, the facial action coding system tells you to smile in a certain way and it may make you happy. an individual may look at another individual and mey think nothings wrong when there really is something wrong. computers are capable of uplifting your mood if youre sad. humans arent good at reading facial expressions. technology that can read your face in classrooms are valuable. you never know what a student is going through. that student or teacher may need somebody to comfort them. you can make somebody happier with this certain technology. do you think people would be less sad if this technology was used?