do you think driveless cars are dangerous if so why? i think driveless cars are a better oppournity for drivers to get around easier, sensor and safer! the driver could get around easier instead using brake when stop or either steer the wheel when its hard to turn. in the text it says  they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. drivless cars could help you through difficult times even if you drive past road rage! driverless cars technology is a good idea i think because it has an sensor! it tracks what your feeling or what you could detect while your in the car driving in the text it says fruther improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. the idea of having the a sensor sense you when your in danger or need of help if your car breaks down is another postive impact of driverless car. the sensor contains deep inside the car for example the creation of the speeding of antilock brakes. smarter manufacturers turned to smarter cars because not only the speed of the brakes but the engine can be reduce power and allowing for better response and control than a human druver could manage alone. driverless cars as can detected whether your in danger or not! safety is important if you have an automated car driving you! who knows what the case maybe? in the text it says  gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. referring when the vehicle sense another car been touch the car automate is going to be aware something is wrong. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays. driverless cars manuafacturers are aslo safer because inside the car while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver! the manufactures is driverless cars is not only a good service of work with making cars but different oppournities could be with just testing out how things would be different with someone controlling the car! its like the car knows where to take the driver as soon as someone sit in the driver seat. the smart idea of the gps of the car is a good motive for the driver just have to seat back and relax! the driverless car still alert the driver to take over when pulling or may pulling out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. autonomous car is a good way with not dealing with car wrecks or even navigating through roadwork. another impressive thing is the law depend on the driver to always mistakes or either just going over the speed limit! that is never the case with driverless car as stated above safety is acheived witht he alerted driver. presently, the law thinks assumption of the driverless car is safe car human in control at all times. the law still change the laws, will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident.