have you ever wondered about cars that can drive without a human driving it? cars that can drive themselves will not be good for this world. driverless cars will not be good for this world because they will not be as safe as humans driving cars, it would cost too much money for the driverless car to work at its full potential, and drivers will get bored sitting in the car. these are reasons why the development of driverless cars needs to stop. a driverless car will not be good for drivers because the cars would not be as safe as a human would be driving the car. if the car is driving itself and it sees an accident, how will it know how to drive around it. if there is road construction, the driverless car would not know what to do in that type of situation. in the article, the text says,presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. the text also says,still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this shows that even driverless cars can get into car accidents. if the driverless car got in to a car accidentwould it be the drivers fault or would it be the cars fault? another reason that a driverless car should not be introduced to the world is because it would cost too much money for the driverless car to work at its full potential. for the driverless cars to work correctly there would have to be huge upgrades to all present roads we have right now. if we tried to upgrade all the roads we have now, that would simply be too expensive. in the article, the text says,these smartroad systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, somthing that was simply too expensive to be practical. this shows that for the driverless car to really work the builders had to upgrade the present roads we have now. if upgrading just a few roads was too expensive, how will we be able to upgrade all the roads for the driverless car? lastly, driverless cars would not be good for the world because the drivers would get bored sitting in the car. for the car to drive itself, the driver must keep their hands on the wheel at all times. the driver must also have to stay focused. most drivers would rather driver than sit in the drivers seat doing absolutely nothing. in the article, the text says,why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for theri turn to drive? the psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge, admits dr. werner huber, a bmw project manager driver. this shows that even if we did have driverless cars that someone would need to be at the wheel paying attetion to the road. this would bore drivers very quickly. why would we want a driverless car if we have to keep hold of the wheel at all times? in conclusion, we should not have driverless cars because they will not be as safe as humans driving cars, it would cost too much money for the driverless car to work at its full potential, and the drivers would get bored sitting in the car. driverless cars will not help the world. the development of driverless cars needs to stop.