driverless cars would not be a great idea. there are many issues and concerns against the development of these cars. there are reasons why people have a drivers license. it makes having one pretty obsolete. all the work people have done for them and the practicing of driving will no longer be needed. the driverless car seems to be a lazy way of transportation and can cause problems on the road. the driverless car can cause and have problems such as navigating through roadwork or accidents and laws about faults. the driverless car can have problems fucntioning and navigating through roadwork or accidents. so far they are not yet perfected in going completely driverless. someone still has to be behind the wheel in case of something the car cannot do. the closest thing they have to driverless is not as one would expect. the cars can only do so much. as stated in the article, they still have to alert the driver to takeover whenever the car cannot do it itself. this is not very efficient considering its called a driverless car. the cars would need to be completely self aware in order to surpass these obstacles like road construction or accidents that have occured on the road. the way laws would work are not yet established and if someone were to be in an accident, who would be at fault? this is another issue concerning these cars. laws pertaining to this subject would need to be made. if someone were to crash the blame would be on the driver, of a normal car. when you birng a driverless car to the conversation the question then becomes, was it the driver or manufacturer of the car. as stated in the article traffic laws would change and new ones would be added. this branches off to more problems with the manufacturer and driver. the driver could make the argument that the manufacturers vehicle is defective, and that is why they crashed. the manufacturer could say that the driver let his guard down and was too careless. either way laws would be of concern. the driverless car can be seen as a good thing, but the problems and defects it still has are a big concern. the car can have problems navigating through roadwork. it can also struggle driving around an accident that may have occurred nearby. there would need to be new laws and changes to the already made laws. the driverless car would be a pretty unefficient thing and could be dangerous.