my position on the driverless cars are definitley a no. while the whole idea is interesting and fascinating it is also exteremly dangerous. maybe the daythey actually perfect it and it is deemed safe i would accept it but as of right now my opinion on the entire things definitley a no, because while people would need to have alert drivers alotof them arent and even when we have driverless cars the cars are going to still need some human amount of interaction and if the person for instance is drunk they arent going to be seen as very useful to it. people are most likely going to take advantage of this car and this whole thing and i know its not going to be pretty when they do, im just really not for it. there are companies such as general motors trying but they would have to change all the roads for it which is obviously way to expensive to ever do. engineers at berkeley tried something similar they used magnets with alternating polarity and it still also wouldnt work out because of the road expenses. everything that has been done still needs somekind of human interaction and i believe that is the way that it should be so that nothing bad happens because like in paragraph . they talk about  even if traffic laws changed, new laws would be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured who is the one at fault? the driver or the manufacturer? i agree with this, no one would know whose fault it would be its honestly just taking an unnecessary risk, putting live in danger to those around the smart cars and to those in them. there is alot to be done and there is alot to come because these companies are making several advancements and several attempts, they arent going to stop. it isnt just to make things easier i believe that alot of these people just think it would be cool, its less work for the person and thats just going to start revolutionizing the fact that  humans dont need to work lets have someone else do it for us. i dont like it at all.