the evening star at night the venus is closest planet to earth in therms of density and size. venuses challenge our planet to study and proximity to us abiut the venus. venus is one of the brightest point of light in the sky from our planet and second planet from our sun. and some people said often referred to as earth twin venues has samepeed as our earth and its more hotter than our planet. many issues explain why not sigle speaceship has touchdown on venues in more than three times. venues is around the cornerin space terms humen have time right spaceship has decades. venues, earth, and mars, and our neighbor planetary, orbit the sun at different speed, different of this mean sometimes we are close to mars and some we close to venues more than mars this how work our planet and our neighnor planet in the darkness powerful earthquakes, frequent lightning, strikes to probes sekking to the land, and invisible things. the evening star can be our nearest potion from a planetary visit, thre venues of returning to the values seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a missions bouth safe and scientifically production. our nasa has complete one of the complling idea for sending humen to study vens, nasa solution to hostile conditions on the surface of venus allow scientis to float about fray, in a imagine a blimp like vehicle houring  or miles above the roiling venusing landscape, just as jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storm. venues studying up and out of their way at the thirtyplus miles above bove planrt cant penetrate the dense atmosphere or rendering standard form photograph dense athmosphere, more importantly, researcher posible to take penetrate the dense, and rending standard froms of photo graf. therefor scientists seeking to conduction misson hope to under stand venues should need for het uo close and depite risks. may be we might thinks of challengers, researchers are working in innovations that allow our march to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to work for venues. nasa is still studying on venues from  during world war ii thought of computers existing on that day may shocking, thise devices makes by using gerars or lerers do not electronics at all the times. for example some simplified electronics made of silicon carnbidre been tested chamber simulation that chaos venues surfaceand have last for weeks in contion. by sysetems have use mechicanbe made more pressyre, heat, and other forces. our travels on this earth and beyond should not limited my danger or expanded meet very of imagaination. striving meet challenge by venues has values not only of insight tobe gained on the planet iself, finally human couriosity will like lead us into many equally endeavors. the venues was the most hostest planet in and one of the bright planet we can see from outfrom our planet but its not enought to merorise we do not know about how is side the venues work like our earth.