cars were created to transport humans to their desired destination. i see no need for driverless cars when cars were ment to be driven. why do we need driverless cars anyway, we dont know how reliable the technology is, the driver still has to remain alert, and no one knows who to blame when someone gets hurt. computers crash everyday, elevators breakdown, escalators stop escalating. technology breaksdown. if all of these things can happen everyday whos to say something like that wont happen to these cars. the brakes could stop you right in the middle of a busy intersection or the google car wakes you only  seconds before you run into a semitruck. for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel, exactly they mimic humans which is unreliable. what is the point of a driverless car if the human driver has to stay awake. the only reason one could see a driverless car as useful is if they were only created so that the passanger could sleep. this also means that the cars arent equipped to handle difficult situations and if they arent advanced enough to handle that, then they shouldnt be allowed on the streets. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. what if you are a deep sleeper and you dont hear the warning?. you would die, thats what would happen. its your fault! no, its your fault. that is what judges across the country, across the world would be hearing if the driverless car went to market and had an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? who is at fault, the person who made the car that malfunctioned or the person who interviened trying to save themselves and the car only to have it backfire, making things worse? this would then lead to a long trial draining both parties of a lot of money. why would anyone put themselves through that? just so they dont have to drive themselves places? people should not subject themselves to a product run on unreliable technology, that keeps you awake, and leaves you bankrupt at the end of the day. there are other luxuries in life that come with less conditions. try them because continuing the development of driverless cars is pointless.