venus may have some dangers. the author thinks venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. here are some things you should know about venus. venus may be called  evening star . the evening star is one of the brightest point of light in the sky. even though venus is called a star its actually a planet. venus is the secound planet from the sun. it being close to the sun makes it hard to examine closely. venus may be very challenging to get around or to beable to find more out about. venus is the closest to the earth. venus is like a clouddraped world. one of the dangers of venus is it being clouddraped because humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on venus. no spacecraft lasted the landing more than a few hour if that. a reason venus is a dangerous place is the atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide. venus has challenging clouds that are highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we feel on our own planet. how we know this informaiton can help understand that the author thinks venus has some dangers on it. for example ,  these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth  such an enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals.  venus would be a worthy pursuit depite the dangers because venus was once the most earthlike planet in the solar system. venus used to be covered with largely oceans and may have supported various forms of life. to this day venus has some features that are analogous to those on earth. venus surface is a rocky sediment. venus also has some familiar features such as valleys , moutains and craters. this concludes how the author thinks that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. venus may be harmful to humans but at one point venus was just like our home. venus once has forms of life like we do today on planet earth. venus might be something interesting but the dangers is what keeps us from landing.