a studying of a venus is a worthy persuit despite danger because the authors explain many things about venus and how venus is also one of the brightest points in the night sky. the authors provide that venus is actually a planet and venus is the scond planet from our sun in solar system. the author supports the ideas very well by explaining how they works and how challenging. this is a challenging exploring because the author provide the texts from the article is that venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. this is shown that it is challenging for us human to explorings. some of the reasons it is challenging because for a good reason there was no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours and why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. venus has the hottest surface tempperature of any planet in our solar system. i believe that venus is a challenging planet for us humans to study and not easy conditions but we are still trying. this is not going to be easy for us to studying that but we are still trying to exploring about our venus. venus is like our planet because the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes fimiliar features such as valleys, moutains, and craters. venus was probably covered largely with oceans and they could supported various from of life. i believe that we can be try to studying about venus and try to learn about it because in the articles is saids that many researchers are working on innvations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. this show that we have a chances to study about our venus. this exploring challenge can worthy because nasa is working on the other approaches to studying venus. they are trying to create machines that can be resistant and the ideas that they trying to recreate is from the old technology called mechanical computers. the mechanical computer is a devices that can make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. the ideas of nasa is to create part of machines that can resistant of pressure, heat , and other forces. i believe this is going to be succed for us to study venus even though it is going to be cahllenging for us. if the recreation is succed we can exploring and learn about the venus and our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers.