bang! imagine youself in a car, driving at a fast rate, and used as a test monkey. the author that wrote the story driveless cars are coming is very persuasive, and i agree with him throughout it all. he gave very interesting facts on how some states are saying its illegal that companies test computer driven cars. i also think that them states thats saying its illegal is crazy, because their basically saying they rather have people drive and test them out. in paragraph , they dont know if anything will go wrong with the manufature. they could end up dead up dead for all they know. the author really gives detail when he wrote this. it is a possibillity that well have driveless cars they way where going. in paragraph , the author tells us about how in all these movies we have with flying cars and what they can do with these cars on television can end up happening in real life. i agree with that also, because with the technology we have now, is just crazy. we going crazy with the technology. so imagine if they put all that technology into cars, well be having flying cars right now. we already have cars that can park on they on. me agreeing with the author, i couldnt have said it better than what he said because he gave so much detail and research about the cars we have now. he even stated that google has had cars that could drive independently under specific condition since . soo! just think about it, we all the way in  technology got better and they started investiong more technology into these cars. i even have an exampl, the bmw i thats the most futuristic car youll ever see right now. that car has everything. so much money and technology was invested into the car, critics say once you get it its like stepping into the future. another thing the author gave readers that was really good, is when they first started making computer driven cars. which was in the s, that let us know when they first realized they should start making smart cars or cars that can go on thier own. in the passage, the author gives us hints on where to look just incase it falls in that category. he gave facts in each category about whats going on or whats being built. so yeah, i agree with the author onehundred percent because he gave a wonderful agrument and it was very persuasive to me and i couldnt have said it better.