curiosity is a particular trait in human haracter. we seek evolution so we need to conquer and explore foreign land for beneficial items or sciences. the author claims that study venus is worth the risk, because we get new theories and formulas that cannot be possible on earths atmosphere, we may have insight into what the future of earth may potentially look like,and, we are forced to challenge our imagination and mental capabilities to the fullest while on this conquest. as advanced as the earths formulas and theories are there are still unexplained phenomenons in this world of ours. there are unexplained answers to mysteries that dormant on earth and the answers may not even be located on this planet. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance the author claims that undersanding venus needs research, and, a success in the research could bring good tidings our way. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system the author makes a point about how venus may have once been like earth with the oceans and landscape. but now venus is not even accesible without years or decades of technological advancement at work. understanding and conquering may hint some clues as to what triggered such an evolution in our sister planet. knowing what triggered that evolution would be beneficial to us because then we can avoid it or we can work towards it. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation the mind is vast and needs to be filled up. one of our most redeeming qualities as humans humans is the power of the mind or imagination. we are able to visualize things as we wish they were and that is a quality that should never be lost. with such a vast mind why fill it up with on things we are no longer curious about. rather, we should explore the unexplored and conquer the unconquered because our minds are on top of the food chain and they should stay at that. the author claims that the challenges and risks needed to conquer venus is well worth the risk. we do recieve and satisfy our cravings with imperialism and conquering.