our travels on earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. studying venus is a worthy worth wild task despite the dangers that it involves. there are many positive things that may come out of exploring our dear neighbor venus inlcluding how it might have once been just like earth. venus was once just like earth researchers have found many earth like evidence to support this claim. venus may have been fillwed with oceans once just like how we have them here. this planet may have had various form of life whether it be the tiniest things. today there is still much evidence that can give off it has earth type atmosphere. such as the rocky sediments, the valleys, and the mountains. this way if we were to pursuit venus we could cope with what we already know on about our planet earth and how we have similar structures. it would be a worthy idea also because they have volcanoes and earthquakes some things we on earth have as well. we would be able to do this and discover if venus was just like earth. venus can be a worthy pursuit because since it is not a far away planet we would be able to travel their with an advantage of it being close to earth. going to venus would also be a the nearest option for a planetary visit as well. with not a single spacecraft touching venus in  decades going back and replanning the visit to venus would be a mega shock to others. like as said in the paragraph venus is around the same size and density of earth so this would give our fellow space people a similarity of what earth is like but in hotter and a bit more extreme troposphere. with the improvement of technology we could have spacecrafts succefully land on venus surface. giving technology an area to expand as well this can also see what technology can do for us more in the future. nasa has been working on a electronic that could stay up till three weeks in the tempature of what venus approxiametly is which is around eighthundred degrees fahrenheit. this could give us the chance to send a spacecraft to venus and see what we could find that relates to things here in earth. so, yeah technology is a big part of this pursuit. wrapping it up the pursuit to venus would be challenging but we could soon enough get there. the positive things and the excitement of what venus may contain makes this something worthy of going and exploring what venus has for us. there are some dangerous things about it such as the hot tempature but with the right technology i believe it is a worthy trip.