in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. the article is mainly about whether not driverless cars will or will not be useful in the future. driverless cars may be useful in the future but there are both positive and negative aspects of these cars. positive aspects stated directly from the article is that the sensors of the cars will be more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. in paragraph  it states that  googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. this is important imformation that highly supports the positve aspect of driverless cars. although driverless cars are advanced but there are also negative aspects of these smart cars. in paragraph  most of driverless cars are listed and it directly states that, in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through the work zones and aroung accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the driverss attention whenever a problem occurs. gm had developed drivers seats the vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. other options under considerations are flashing lights on the windshields and other headsup displays. manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. these are the main negative aspects of driverless cars. in my opinion i am for the development of these cars. because we had come so far with technology, so far that most technology seem nearly impossible. i believed that in a few years from here that the will have driverless cars perfect with no negative aspects. because soon enough we wouldnt need to remain completely focused and wait for your turn to drive. so far driverless cars have many negative aspects but those negative aspects are decreasing because we are finding ways to help make driverless cars advanced. driverless cars will be amazing once it is perfect with no negative aspects. we are just waiting for the law to approve driverless cars. driverless cars may have positive and negative aspects but i believe we can have these car perfect in just a few more years.