venus has been a planet neighboring the earth and the sun for many years. there has been many discoveries about the planet venus and about other planets too. more discoveries can be made in order to figure out how we can live on other planets and also other discoveries for venus can be made. venus is called the evening star due to the fact that it is very bright when seen. venus is the second planet in our solar system and it is almost as bright like the sun, when a stargazer looks up to the sky they can see our planet venus because it is easy to spot for a couple reasons. one beinging it is bright and the second it is close to our moon. the moon and venus can be considered twins, they are close in size, and it is close to our earth but it is also close to the moon. venus is a warm planet not nearly as hot as the sun but somewhere around there, so if huamns were sent up to space to live on venus they wouldnt survive. there is no water in venus it is just hot and lots of lava. over the years nasa has tried to send spacecraft up to venus. they havent been succesful due to the fact that its so hot on venus, every spacecraft ever sent has only lasted a couple hours. not a single human has even been on venus, they wouldnt want to risk someones life if a spacecraft cant survive than a human wouldnt be able to survive. venus is truly a difficult planet for humans to study, not a single space ship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. planet venus has  percent carbon dioxide, the temperature is over  degrees fahrenheit that is extremely hot, that is  times greater than what we experince on earth. we would think that mercury would be a hotter planet due to the fact that it is closer to the sun but it turns out its not. even though venus is a hard planet to study scientist havent given up yet. they are willing to do everything that is possible in order to find out more about it, scientist still want to visit the planet. scientists say that venus at one point was the most earthlike planet in our solar system, it probably had oceans on it, valleys and even mountains. scientists are still developing new technology to send humans up into venus so they can study it and find out more about the planet. they have even thought about designing something that allows astronauts to float on venus so they dont have to be on venus, that way they wont get burned. in conclusion, more discoveries can be made in order to figure out how we can live on other planets and many more discoveries for venus can be made. many things are still being tested in order for us to find out more about our planet. scientist arent going to give up until they get some clear shots, there may be some difficulties during the process but it will totally be worth it. nasa is working on other approaches to study venus, some simplified eletronics have been made to make it easier to study venus. these eletronics will be easy to use so scientist can make further discoveries but also study the planet without getting hurt.