do you think that a computer can read how u feel? can it be some sort of help to you in school? my answer is yes it can, enhancement in technology is happening sooner and sooner. they started with a system called  facs. facs is known for facial action coding system. the creator of facs is dr. paul eckman, dr. huang had many predictions based off video imagery and how it would work. the facs system was created for sensing emotions from imagery. eckman classified six emotons happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. he then tried to associate them with facial muscles getting different facial expressions. each facial expression tells how a person feeling,  for example, your frontalis pars lateralis muscle raises your eyebrows when yourre suprised. this means that when your feeling a certain way your muscles react. so creating this code system helps them with trying to figure out how others are feeling in there facial expressions working torwards facial emotion expressions while in front of a computer. dr. huang made a few predictions and conclusions based off the work of psychologists. one of the psychologists was dr. paul eckman, dr. huang states that  the facial expression for each emotion are universal. he also states that  even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. meaning it happens all the time even though there are all types of forms of expressions. while using video imagery it can sense the facial movements in a still image or a real face. we create these thoughts about others daily. you can tell whether a person is happy, sad, mad etc. the text states you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. they use  mona lisa to show how these things work from a computer. dr. huang also predicts  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confuse or bored. computer facial recognization would be great for the society who knows it just might improve others on doing there work. yes it maybe be a hassle to get everything together but in do time everything will fall in place. technology improves as the days go by , that technology will imact the world. just by one facial expression could tell it all.