in the past one hundred there is no dought that technology has advanced. even to this day technology is still advancing. driverless cars are very posible today because of the advancing technology and the knowledge of the car makers. the new wave of innovation is coming wth the driverless car. there is no doubt that driverless cars are the way of the future and are good for the wellbeing of the human population. driverless cars are not only the way of the future but they would be highly effective. driverless cars would be good for society because of the safety standards that would be the driverless car. driverless cars could reduce the risk of collisions and accidents because of the technology that is in the car. driverless cars would not only be good for the driver but for the other drivers on the road. many accidents on the roads are caused because of reckless driving but with the driverless car the crash rate could go increasingly down. driverless cars could reduce the risk of accidents beacuse the car would be able to drive itself. drunk driving, texting and driving, and falling asleep at the wheel would not even be an issue for a driverless car. take a person who is intoxicated and put them behind the wheel of a car. the person behind the wheel is dangerous to other drivers on the road. with the driverless car the intoxicated driver would not even have to drive and would not cause as many deaths or crashes as the regular car. it is the same thing with texting and driving and falling asleep at the wheel the danger of those before the driverless car is at a high rate. with the technology and the sensor ability of the driverless car the total numer of accidents and death on the roadways would go way down with the driverless car. the driverless car would be much more effective than regular taxis of buses in large cities. the first thing is the environmental help of the driverless car. it is projected that the driverless car would use half of the fuel that the taxis today are using. with so much of the environmental concerns today about the poluted air, the driverless car would be an environmentally friendly car helping out with keeping the air cleand in big cities. the driverless car is also much more flexible and productive in terms of public transportation. with a lot of driverless cars able to help with public transport the fluidity of the public transportation system would speed up. the driverless car would have no schedule like the taxi drivers have today. with the help of the driverless car people would get to and from quicker and there would be no taxi or bus fee as there is no driver. driverless cars could change the whole outlook of city life and possibly change the world. the driverless car would have so many good qualitits like saving the lives of men, women, and children as well as saving the environment of the great earth. driverless cars are the way of the future and are good for the society. there is no doubt that driverless cars are the way of the future and are good for the wellbeing of the human population.