i think that the development of driverless cars should be stopped. if the development of these cars are continued, they will cause many accidents.the development of driverless cars will also open millions of lawsuits aimed at the manufacturers and the customers, by injured victims. this will hurt the economy as a result and lead to violence, and even death. the development of driverless cars should be stopped because it is illegal in most states, it will lead to more accidents, and becuase many people will have to pay fees due to liability issues. driverless car development should be stopped most importantly because it is illegal in most states. if it is illegal in most states it is because they are not one hundred percent safe, or it is something that should not be done. if it is illegal in more than half of the states, then it should be illegal in every state. have you ever wondered why it is illegal in most states? the use of driverless cars also will lead to many accidents. most drivers will not pay attention to the road if the car is driving for them, so it should be looked upon the same as if an intoxicated person is driving the car. a person in a driverless car not looking at the road will think they are safe until they look down and the car turns into a construction zone and the car requires the driver to quickly take the wheel. just as a person under the influence would think they were safe to drive home, both drivers made bad decisions. the intoxicated drivers mistake is driving intoxicated. the driverless car user made the mistake of buying a driverless car! finally the last reason that the development of driverless cars should be stopped is because many people may not have insurance policies on their cars if the owner or the owners car is responsible for the accident. many people may have to pay large fees to victims because of a mistake that their driverless car made. the worst part is, nobody will care if it was the cars fault because that owner should not have bought the cars in the first place. driverless cars pose many threats to families and citizens everywhere. you can never fully trust a machine that is automated to do a job. the safest way to use a car is to drive it your self. as the text states, presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. the development of driverless cars should be stopped because it is illegal in most states, it will lead to more accidents, and becuase many people will have to pay fees due to liability issues.