the face on mars, some people think its an object created by aliens, others believe the face is just a natural landform. many people think it was made by aliens because it looks similiar to a real persons face. many other people think its just a natural landform because aliens dont exist. the face on mars, is it an object made my aliens or just a natural landform? first of all, as myself being a nasa scientist, i believe its a natural landform. i think its a natural landform because there has been no evidence of life on mars. nasa took a picture of the landform with a camera that can make the image three times bigger. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small rocks, you could see what they were! also it could be a natural landform because in idaho there is a natural landform that looks similair to the one on mars. if it was an object made by aliens us scientists at nasa would be able to know. on the other hand, many people think its an object that was created by aliens. many people think that because its so similair to a persons face. the face on mars is located at a place where it is usualy cloudy, perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. skeptics think that nasa didnt see the aliens in the pictures because they were hidden in the fog or haze. they also think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. also the face on mars is a pop icon. when nasa released the pictures many people whent crazy about the face. it has starred in a hollywold film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! this shows us that people are excited and what to know about the face on mars. in conclusion, we will never know if the face on mars was created by aliens, or just a natural landform. there are many facts on why its not a landform made by aliens, but many peopole still believe it was made by aliens. whatever the face is, it will always be something everyone will remember.