not everyone has the luxury of owning a car. but cars are not the only means that can get us from point a to point b. in fact, having limited usage of cars is an advantage to society, our own good, and also the environment. in the twentyfirst centruy, it may seem that possessing a car is a vital aspect of living, however, that is not always the case. to began with, having a limited amount of cars on the roads means a less amount of car emission that stays in the air. carbon emissions from cars are responsible from around  of the greenhouse gases in the united states alone source . if we were to limit our car usage, it is very likely for that percentage to go down. taking the account that cars are the second most item that pollutes the air, it would be a dramatic change for the environment to be a cleaner and heathier place to live source . additionally, if we were to use our cars less and relie on public transportation, we would be able to help the economy. using individual cars does not help anyone economically. in the other had, riding subways, buses, taxis, and other public transportation will allow the public economy to rise, which in turn allows the government to recieve extra money that could benefit the local city. taking the desicion to not use cars promotes alternative ways to get to the final destination in mind source . it also lets parks to be used more often than before and sidewalks become wider and safer. moreover, the less cars that are on the street, the less traffic jams, car crashes, and time that is wasted sitting in a car wishing to be somewhere else source . futhermore, if more people were to walk or bike on the side walks, they would be able to enjoy the natural nature that they cannot fully appreciate when they are zooming pass it in their cars at fifty miles per hour. also, getting the chance to actaully look at what the local city has to offer helps little businesses to become successful. not using cars can also be included in our daily excersise that we are all supposed to be doing. instead of being lazy and using cars to take us to places, we can all use that extra mile or so to help improve our health. getting out in the open and getting some fresh air will also be beneficial to ones health by allieviating them from bad thoughts and it is a good opportunity to take away stress source . getting away from the busy life that includes cars is extremely advantageous to humans health and the city they live in. much has changed throughout history. nothing ever stays the same, so maybe its the time to change the amount of car usage. this era is a time period where there are many technological inovations that allow humans from all across the world to stay in touch without leaving their couch. there has been a noticeable decrease in the amount of miles that have been driven since  source . this is a positive step foward to a better future for the generations to come for less cars on the road means there wil be less pollutions entering the atomsphere, more opportunities for businesses, and incouraging individuals to make healthier choices.