there are advantages and disadvantages of not being able to drive a vehicle place to place. many people do not agree with this change in society because it makes getting around more difficult. but on the other hand if you get to thinking about it it is healthier for the environment and yourself. to get more into detail let me continue... who likes to walk? most people would say i hate walking but now they have no choice or else they will pay the price. you could take the chance of driving, if you want to pay , just for a parking space!!! in source one they explain that because of the high fine and parking rates over  percent of vaubans famiies do not own cars and  percent sold teir cars just move there... it was different in paris, people were only allowed to drive their cars on a specific day according to their tag numbers. paris is smog house of all the european capitals. to avoid trafic jams and smog colombia started the car free day which is when citizens can only take the bus or a taxi to work or where they needed to get. president obama has a goal to stop the greenhouse gas emission. officials state that each year the amount of cars being sold has decreased drastically along with the amount of lisences given. my opinion for the cause of this is because teenagers would rather be with friends going out to parties but cant drive home alone so they car pool.. maybe thats not the case maybe its the increase in gas cost. why should you waste gas instead of just going along with someone else. some people believe it or not may not drive because they want to get into shape instead of being lazy and driving. air pollution may have a big partake in the decreasing rates of driving, all you hear on the news is about the world ended new deseases whats next the ozone layer being eaten away by the chemicals given off by cars. it may not seem like a big deal now but thats what everyone says until it actually happens and you have no where to hide. theres not much anyone could do to completely stop air pollution but if everyone obeys the rules set in certains parts of the world the environment would be a much better place to live in. so next time you want to go out cruisen look at the big picture before thinking about the fun! it may seem like a good idea at first but theres always a reaction that comes unexpectedly.