imagine driving to work, but catching up on the latest news at the same time. imagine commuting no longer being a hassle, but an enjoyable experience. that is the world that the driverless car is able to bring our society. driverless cars should be developed because they are safer, more affordable, and more relaxing to the passengers than the cars of today. on the roads, safety is a top priority, and driverless cars are being made with this in mind. since , driverless cars have been nagivating roadways with little issue. the author states, their googles cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. that is an extremely long distance to drive, and most humans can not drive that far without a crash. this shows that the technology in driverless cars is even better than a humans brain. if technologically advanced cars such as these were to come into the market, one would expect them to be expensive. however, this is not the case. the author writes that sergey brin, cofounder of google, believes, the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis... while it is true that driverless cars might cost more at first, the money saved on fuel would make them a worthwhile investment for everyone after a few years. contemporary cars create a stressful environment on todays roads that can be difficult for humans to manage. on the contrary, driverless cars would reduce stress while also providing an important source of entertainment. cars typically require the driver to always be paying attention to the road, which can be mentally taxing. according to the author, manufacturers of driverless cars are developing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. with driverless cars, people can relax while the car pays attention for them. additionally, the removal of stress from driving would drastically reduce roadrage incidents stemming from the stress. driverless cars are safer, more affordable, and more relaxing to the passengers, and so should continue to be developed. they offer a new transportation experience that will improve our opinions on cars for decades to come. these marvels of modern technology will, in the words of sergey brin, fundamentally change the world, and companies such as google and bmw are proving his words to be more accurate with every passing day.