in this passagestory it talks about how we should challenge ourselves to explore venus and how venus is sometimes called the evening star. venus is planet and when your laying down on your grass outside in the night when you wanna watch the sunrise go down you can see it because it is the brightest points of light in the night sky we can spot venus esaily in the sky when its dark. venus is the closes to earth in the terms of density and size. there are other planets too not just venus there is a planet called mars, jupiter and earth there was a planet called pluto its not a planet anymore because scientist thought it was so small and scientist didnt reall care about that planet. some of our planets are called sister planets sister plants i think sister planets are planets that look the same scientist at his point dont know what are they or waht other name should they called them. when you see a word like this nasa what comes to your mind when you see a word like that nasa is the abberviation for the national aeronautics and space administration you might wonder what is that this is something for scientists instead of saying the whole thing they just say nasa its a easier way for scientists to communicate with each other. there is a thick atmosphere of almost  percent of carbon dioxide blankets venus but the challenging part is the clouds when it rains and in the night you cant see venus because of the cloudsand how the clouds are too fat that they cover up venus. scientists are still woking on studying venus well the nasa is because they are still trying to figure out why is venus known as the small planet and the brightest one in the earth ass well. venus makes it chllenging for the scientists because they have been studying this planet for so long but they cant figure out nothing just yet. in the s there was an old technology called the mechanical computers these computers had a important role in the s during world warr ii these devices made calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at this time we use computers that are flexible and way faster in this time now but back then the computers were way slower. so in my opinion we should all have a challenge to study and explore venus.