in the article the challenge of exploring venus, venus is the second closest planet to our sun, it has the same density and size as earth. venus is also one of our neighbor planets along with mars but the planets mars and venus orbit around the sun at different speeds than earth. the atmosphere on venus is  carbon dioxide, the clowds are made of corrosive sulfuic acid, and the atmospheric pressure is  times grater than earths. the conditions for any thing living on this planet are impossible for any human to visit this planet. the text states a thick atmospher of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere... temperature average over  degrees fahrenheit...the atmospheric pressure is  times grater than what we exerience on our own planet. no one would survive long enough to touch the surface of this planet. the text also states such an environment would crush even a submarine accustumed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. this proves the danger of this planet and how intrested we are to learn more about it. some astronomers think that venus was just like earth a long time ago. they think that venus use to be capable of sustainging life just like earth. the text states astonomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system... the text also stetes venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the astronomers even found some evidence that there could have been lif on this planet. the text states the planet has of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this may be proof that venus may have had life billions of years in its past. this is what makes venus so intresting and so dangerous. hopefully we learn more about the planet in the near feauture and have advanced enough technology to visit the planet.