would it be awesome if you could read someones emotion by the look on their face?, you could but most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. a new technology called the facial action coding system that can enable computers to identify human emotions. that means this can read emotions correctly. the facs facial action coding system can identify a person emotion by coding the facial structure is being planned to be used in classroom to read the emotional expression, in my opinion i considered it to be valuable. first, everyone is different and reveal different emotions. for example this technology can be used in classroom to read the emotions of students, teachers can identify when students are not paying attention or just bored. this technology will let the teachers know that maybe change plans some fun activities before moving to regain the students attention. second, faces dont lie if a student had been bullied the technology will show the emotion of that student which will alert the teachers, teachers can talk with the students about whats wrong? or what happend?. many kids in the world are bullied but they keep their sadness and fear to themselves, even when they show sadness or fear teachers cant tell or understand. the facs doesnt just take a picture of a face, it constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model move like human muscles. third, this technology can have impacts everywhere not just at hospital, or video games. facs can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery. teachers can make animation and excites the students to regained attention. teachers can do animation for the topic they are on to impress the students. last but not least, why not?, if the facs is affordable for schools to obtain, why not right? it can be used for educational purposes. for example, students can use this for projects or other activites. instead of schoolwork students can be involve with peers and read eachothers emotion. most human communication is nonverbal, icluding emotional communication, notes dr. huang. in conclusion, i considered this technology facs to have a good impact in classroom, this technology can change the game for teachers and even students.