limiting car usage would be great for both you and the environment. if we didnt use cars as much, we would get more exercise, save more money, and limit the amount of air pollution we produce. we would start to notice changes for the better in our health, our budgeting, and the condition of the environment. i have gathered evidence from a few different sources to back up these claims. in german suburb, life goes on without cars, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in botogta, and the end of car culture all go into detail about the benefits that did happen or could happen while we limit car usage. one advantage of limiting car usage is the increase in exercise it will give you. did you know that  of america is overweight? an advantage to walking or biking places that driving doesnt have is that walking or biking will get you active. it will help you burn calories and it will give you the selfconfidence of being in good shape. sure, it might be hot out when you walk or bike places, but this problem can be solved by simply dressing appropriotely for the activity. wear something that you know youll be comfortable getting excercise in. one business man riding a two seat bicycle with his wife instead of driving, said, its a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution, source . walking or riding your bike to get places rather than driving to them will give you more time to think. if you think too much on the road, something dangerous is bound to happen. walking to places is a great alternative to driving not only for your body but for your mind, and this, to me, is a strong advantage of limiting car usage. another advantage to limiting car usage is you will start to save money. gas bills start to add up, especially considering the constant inclination of prices. not only gas, though, but other costly needs such as getting your cars oil changed or tires replaced can also turn out to be expensive. cost plays a huge role in whether or not teens and young adults will get a car when legally eligable. there has been a large drop in the percentage of  to yearolds getting a license, source . a large amount of teens just now getting their licenses are unemployed, making the car expenses impossible for them to pay on their own, making them rely on usually a parent or relative. money has always had a significant effect on how people transport from one place to another. limiting driving all together would save you gas and repair money, and saving money could never be a bad thing. finally, a significant advantage of not driving as much is that it would limit the amount of air pollution on this earth. ...a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions in europe, source . though we may not notice it, air pollution is constantly contaminating the earth. air pollution is extremely harmful to inhale, almost like how smoking is extremely bad for your lungs. reducing the amount of driving that we do would reduce the amount of air pollution we produce with it. walking or biking does not pollute the earth the way driving can. advantages of limiting car usage are not only good for the environment but are good for us both physically, mentally, and financially. if everyone started to limit the amount of time they spend driving per day, just imagine the change we might start to see in the community. we could start by walking to the grocery store or our friends houses instead of driving, and then maybe bring on a longterm change, such as walking to school if its close enough, or walking to the bus stop so you can ride the bus with other kids instead of driving your own car, creating more air pollution. there are other advantages to limiting car usage, but these are the top three advantages we will begin to notice if we act soon enough.