years ago, on mars, nasa caught a picture of a huge rock formation that looked like a face! many thought it was evidence of life on mars while scientist thought it was just another a natural landform. after all it was just a natural landform that was shaped like a face and shadows that made the eyes, nose, and mouth. first, scientist just figured that it was just another martian mesa, common around cydonia, but the only thing that was unusual was that the shadows made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. but, beside the shadows they still believe it is a natural land form. so they reveiled they photo for the world to see how cool it is. but, it was taken the wrong way. even though the said it was natural landforms, others believed it was life on mars. it became popular quickly. it was in books, magazines and even hollywood films. since everyone thought it was life on mars scientist had to prove them selfs and take it one step closer. next, scientist had to go up in space with mars global surveyor to photograph cydonia. on april ,  the surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time. michael malin and his mars orbiter carmera snapped a picture the best they could. jim garvin said we photographed the face as soon as we could get a shot. after looking at the photo, jpl website revealed that....it was just a natural landform. however, that did not stop the people who believed that it was a sign of life on mars. they said  the face of mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april . since it was cloudy around that time of year maybe you couldnt see all the alien markings because they were hidden by the clouds. then, scientist decided to take a better picture with no interuptions or anything in the way. so, on a cloudless summer day in cydonia in ,the surveyor captured an amazing photo. malins team captured an extradorinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. said garvin. each pixle in the  image spans to . meters, compared to  meter per pixle in the best  viking photo.unmasking the face on mars in conculsion, the face on mars is a natural landform. scientist took  photos to prove it. others may still believe that the face is life on mars, but scientist have proven it is just another natural landform on mars.