i am completely against driverless cars. there are three main reasons i am completely against driverless cars there is already a problem in our country with obesity, humans dont even have the process of regular automobiles down yet, and most importantly these cars still require human assistance. i do not think a driverless car is a good idea, one main issue with the u.s population is its obesity and unhealthy way of living. the only thing this driverless car is doing, is taking another activity away from us and doing it for us. this driverless car will most likely draw in about more then half of the u.s pedestrians and bike riders, not directly taking away the physical activity but giving citizens another easier option. personally i believe this driverless car is a dangerous idea, and we are biting off more then we can chew. our automotive industry is a very well designed system, but it is nowhere near perfect. we still have cars that malfunction, need a ton of assistance, and more technology is just gonna make it worse. the cars themselves are not the biggest problem at all, it is some of the current drivers in the u.s. some people dont even know how to change oil, jumpstart a battery, or other little things that an automobile could possibly need. so, until our automotive industry is completely perfect and our drivers are completely safe in what we have now. i personally wouldnt want anything that a normal citizen would understand even less on the roads. the biggest reason i believe the driverless car is a bad iea, is the fact that a person is more likely to fall asleep. now, the companies say they are coming up with ways to alert driver such has a vibrating seat, or flashing lights. that is completely ridiculous if you ask me, there is no telling how a person would react upon waking up to vibration or flashing lights. every person wakes up different, sometimes it is frantic, drowsy, or maybe even scared. there is just no scientific way to be comfortable with a persons reactiopn upon waking up. i am totally against the driverless car. there are many many liabilities and safety issues. not to mention mental and physical health deffecencies.