be able to detect your friends emotions is not that hard but what about someone you dont know very well? being abble to hide emotions from onthers is not that hard, you van put on a smile and act happy around others and be different be yourself happenes all the time with teens and young adults. will the machine be able to detect that? or will it show the outer emotions rather than inner. this may help a lot of schools witth kids who dont like sharing their feelings, but at what cost will it take fot them to make kids go out and do this? will it be something thats mandatory or will it be a choice? thats the question we need to be asking, will it help teens and kids overcome feelings they dont like sharing or will it hurt them even more knowing they felt something that they have been denying all along. also how do we know if thats correct? in the article it only used an example thats not even a person who is breathing, they used a painting so why spend an upwards of , dollars on something that may or may not work depending on the situation. students get told all the time by teachers, parents, and a lot of other people that expressing their feelings is very important and to do it to someone they trust. will this take that away the connection between two people sharing feelings, will we turn intoa society that relies on a machine to tell us our emotions? in mu opinion schools shouldnt make or even give this option to students it is giving them an escape to talking about their feelings, will it be worth it in the end? to turn our next generation that its okay not to tell how we feel. isnt that the same as being sort of robotic. my parents stress the improtance of showing and talking about emotions and how it makes people closer, now they want to trow that away for a machine. i also see it being sort of like an alternative counsilier because you go see your counsilier about how your feeling and isnt that technically what this machine is doing? we need to stick with human interactions, having that is what makes us a society of poeple who care about one another. once you introduce something with more machinerey yo introduce more kids who are antiscoical and dont want to go outside or play sports. there is a time when technology gets to be too muchand this is one of those times. lets stop it before we even begin.