people are becoming more and more reliant on cars, from getting to the store, school, or wherever else, its become a pandemic. cars emit gasses, they pollute the atmosphere, and are a reason why people dont live healthy lifestyles. back before there ever were cars, there were the small neighborhoods. some neighborhoods are still like this, including vauban germany they get around with the bikes, or just plain old walking as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move there rosenthal, . some neighborhoods are still like this, including vauban germany. cars pose a danger in these neighborhoods. gasoline vehicles produce gasses and carbon monoxide, it is colorless, odorless, and cannot be seen, but can be inhaled. this gas harms the body and can kill it if it inhales too much of this gas, and in small neighboorhoods where a lot of young children are, it is very dangerous. this is why car usage should be limitted around children and neighborhoods. cars have become one of the main culprits of a polluted atmosphere. in bogota, columbia, there is a day where no cars are to be used or allowed. only public transit, walking, or any other transportation other than cars, not only to reduce poluting in the air and promote using alternative transportation. in effect, this has also sprouted new job opportunities, and a more beautiful city parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping disctrics have cropped up. cars have become one of the main reasons why people dont live a healthy lifestyle. cars cause stress, anger, frustration, and laziness. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way said heidrun walter in vauban, germany. in bogota, its also promoting healthy lifestyles by relieving such emotions its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said business man carlos arturo plaza. in conclusion, cars are one of the main reasons why people die of carbon monoxide poisoning, the air is polluted, and why people dont have a healthy lifestyle due to laziness and stress from cars. all of our development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change, said david goldberg, and official of transportation for america.