are driverless cars the answer do you remember the time you had that long neverending day at work? and all you had on your mind was getting home. but you had about a  minute drive home. a task that seemed so impossible because you were so exhausted. well why not have an automated car that asist you with your driving. yes im talking about a selfdriving car. yes the mere future is right around the corner! google cofounder imagines a future with a public transportation system with these driverless cars. i agree with his booming vision. i think it would change the world in so many positive ways. the first thought that comes to mind is the economy. the car he wants to develop uses about half of the fuel todays taxis use. that mean less fossil fuel use. which leads to less polution in the air. i think if we cut the problem in half, that could be a stepping stone to end global warming. but of course you know any big idea has down faults. the driverless arentt totally driverless. when it comes complicated traffic or construction work on the roads, it needs the driver to take over. but the google industries are finding safer ways and better ways the car can be completely driverless. did you know that google has had driverless cars since . i mean their cars have driven a whopping half a million miles without crashing? one of the causes of deaths is car crahses.the self driverless cars will be also equipped with state of the art computer sytsems, antilock brakes, and with all that asistance it will also have you in the vehicle. the antilock brakes make ensure protection against rollovers, also it prevents out of control skids. they respond better than a human can do. so that mean less crashes. which means less deaths. no one wants to lose there loved ones to a car crash. the cars are all around just enjoyment you can sit back, relax, and actually enjoy the ride. i think the developement of the cars are such a good idea. its going to help the economy, provide less crashes, and all in all let a car ride be enjoyable. the future is thought to be right around the corner.