driverless cars are cars that drive on its own and you do not have to control it what so ever. google has had these cars ever since . they are said that these cars are all working from the computer and the manufacturers. these cars seem to have a lot of benifts, but at the same time, there are many downsides to these driverless cars. these cars seem pretty troublesome with things such as conflict, lack of attention, and the roads. driverless cars can start a lot of arguments. suppose you got in a car crash while using one of these driverless cars. whos fault would that be, the driver or the manufacturer? it could be said that it is the driver because they were not paying enough attention to the car and roads and it is their fault that they did not control it. then again, it could also be said that it is the manufacturers fault because they could have engineered it wrong and it have some flaws. another downside about driverless cars is the lack of attention that some people will have when looking out for the roads. people are lazy, and when they hear the word driverless cars, they automatticaly assume that they will not have to do any work and will just sit back and relax. this leads to people not paying attention to the road and not dealing with the car when the car alerts it to take control. as said in the article, not only do you have to have smart cars, but you will also need to have smart roads. this is imossible to do because you can not go aroung changing every road, it would cost too much and take forever. now it is said that the solution to this is that you would just have to make smarter cars, but how smart can they get? it will be most likely that there will be some roads that the car is just not smart enough to do. in conclusion, diverless cars are not what they are cut out to be. the arguments that would arise, the lack of attention, and apparently the dumb roads are only a handful of downsides and issues of the driverless car. is it really worth so much when you yourself can just drive? many people in this day drive and it is not such a big deal. we can not resort to even more lazier ways when the computer does all the work. we soon will just be doing nothing and electronics will be doing everything for us. and it comes to say, how much smarter can a car get?