driverless cars is something that we have all saw, wether is be in a movie or had been referenced in a song or televison show. cars that can operate by thereselfs is something every one would want to be alive to see happen, right? who wouldnt want to relax a little while driving, and it be safe while doing it? the future would turn ito the present and driverless cars would became a well known thing and would be normal to see on the street. ...such cars would fundamentally change the world. says google cofounder, sergey brin, and i totally agree. the world is becoming more technology advanced, and scientist are discovering new things everyday. years ago, if someone had said that everyone in america, or nearly everyone, would be carrying a celluar device around that could tell us almost anything, and could send instant messages to another person, even if its half way across the world, they would flip out. i wonder what they would have thought about cars that drive themselves? if we have the technology and resources to do this, why not? driving would be a lot more fun, and more safe too. car manufacturers always look at driver saftey when designing a new model, or brand of car.although this is a key aspect, humans are prone to have error. we dont have vision to look at our surroundings all at the same time, although we sure try. humans are prone to unprevented error, but with the help from technonlogy, having driverless cars can be a whole heck safer. googles modified toyota prius uses position estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receivers and an intertial motion sensor. thats a whole lot of detections all around the vehicle, even in the blind spots that we humans cant quite  percent see. the car would even alert you if it senses danger or a problem where it would need your assistence. in addition, its even better for the world. the car ...would use half of the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. the world we live in today takes such things as, gas, as underappreciated. gas isnt cheap nor renewable. once we use all the gas, theres no more left. we have a limited supply and its hurting the earth more than you think. the world needs to cut back on such luxuaries and the smart cars would help. half the price, half the gas per car than an average car. they offer more ecofriendliness than any other. therfore, smart cars that drive themselves, or with assistance ,should be something all states allow. in conclusion, smart cars should be something in the near future. new technology gives us the opputunity to do things we never dreamed of. these cars would fundamentally change the world as we know it. safer cars equals safer people which equal more lives saved. the world would also be a better place for everyone seeing as the cars are cutting down on gas than a regular vehicle. smart cars are in the near future.