in the newer ages, people were worried about how they would get from a to b. they would have the curiousity of what others were driving, as of mr. sav ik in the article the end of car culture said when he was around twenty years of age. most relied on cars because it was quicker or easier to have their own. they always thought about the disadvantages of not having a car but not the advantages. helping the environment, saving money, and safety of others are all advantages of limiting car usage which citizens fail to realize. to start off, limiting car usage helps the environment and helps keep it clean. in europe passenger cars are responsible for twelve percent of greenhouse gas emissions. experts say that the the main cause of the greenhouse not being able to reduce gas emmisons is because of the tailpipes of cars driven around. for example, beijing,china is one of the most polluted cities in the world. paris,france even banned cars for five days because the air pollution was so thick. they fined people for thirtyone dollars if they refused to leave their vehicle at home. everyone wants to live as long as they can and to have a clean environment,so why not give up your car for a few days to help ciontribute. furthermore, everyone ould love to have a little more money in their pockets instead of putting it in their gas tank. limiting car usage is the way to go if you want to save money. in vauban,germany you are allowed to have a car but it would cost you an arm and a leg just to have one. for car ownership there, you would have to buy a parking space for forty thousand dollars and a home. as a result to having to pay that ridiculous amount of money for one parking space seventy percent of vauban families do not own cars at all. over fifty percent of the citizens sold their car before they moved there. having that extra amount of money helps a lot. therefore, the safety for others is also an advantage of limiting car usage. if most of all the people are either walking or biking their way to their destination, no one would have to worry about getting hit by a car or getting into a car accident. in german suburb,life goes on without cars , heidrun walter explained how when she did have a car she would always tense up while drivng. now that she doesnt have to worry about driving she is much happier with walking or riding her bike. in conclusion, helping the environment, saving money, and safety of others are just some of the advantages of limiting car usage. their not only advantages but benefits to you as well. as said in the forth article, the percentage of people getting their licenses has dropped. the miles of driven by one person in  was nine percent below the peak in january . slowly but surly the trend of not using a car is not blooming in the european countries but in the us as well.