the author frequently tells the reader how much he supports it or talks about its importance. he goes on about things being made or planned to counter rack the dangers of venus showing he has intrest in it. he also seems to know a bunch of unccomon facts about venus. lletting the reader know he went to the trouble of learning about what hes talking about. in paragraph  it states striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. that quote shows that he wants to study venus even though theres danger, he thinks overcoming those challenges will better humanity. still on paragraph  the text says our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this statement shows that no doubt or possible dangers should stop or limit us from exploring. this shows that he thinks we need those challenges to meet the limit of our imagination and innovation. the author shows evidence that venus holds some information of the history of our solar system and of itself. like in paragraph  the text states  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. that states that other forms of life couldve exsited before us, also that venus was once like us. also this line today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. supports that venus still has some things in common with us. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. this statement shows that venus is also our most convient planet because of space travel. the author does support studying venus, by listing his opinions in the last paragraph, which would be paragraph . he also talkes about its importance in the future and present in other paragraphs especially paragraph . he also list somethings that can evolve into the soultion we need to study venus in paragraphs . so inconclusion he thinks stuyding venus is a vital action to expand our imagination and innovation, and to also test the limits of the human brain.