as the years fly by, technology becomes more advanced without us even noticing it. wheter its new phones, or a new way of searching the web. you name it! technology has become a high part of society. why? new inventions pop up faster each and every year, making it a living essential for many around the world .more scientist asks themselves, what more can they do. which leads into the topic of driveless cars. first, in , google introduced us to the science of driveless cars. each time they worked on it, it would gain even more features. including steering, and other navigation services. even though it is driveles, the car will still the driver when it comes to parking, and road side construction. google feels that this has been in the minds of others for years. giving them the inspiraton to give it a try. so what excatly does drivless mean? actually its more like a assisting instead of really driving, since it can only do the basics. personally, i feel it could be a bit unessacary to have drivless carsthey arent truly needed. i could see this being help to those who are disabled, or maybe those who have trouble seeing. i dont feel the need for everyone in the world needing them, but those who truly do should have them. at the end of the day, were using driveless cars to help, not to spoil others. lastly, safety is a huge part to play when driving. watching for others cars and pedestrians is super important. driveless cars are known to be safe, until someone disobeys the rules. there could be an issue when an owner of a driveless car abuses the rules they were given, and causes an accident. i think a lot more can be brought into the making of these driveless cars such as more monitoring andor children safety. more time should definitely be put into this project before they release it out to the world as a commericial car. in conclusion, technology is rapidly improving. millions of ideas come to life before we can blink. society is what inspires many to come up with projects that could one day become a vital part of our future. though, i am not the biggest fan of driveless cars, i do believe that they could change the world. changing the world has become not only a goal, but a dream.