driverless cars have both pros and cons. however, more cons. i strongly believe that driverless cars are not safe and should not be driven. driverless cars pose a great danger when there is not a driver in the it. firstly, accdients will most likely occur more often therefore damaging the car and anyone in the car. secondly, the roads could be different and cause the car to not follow certain directions or the road could be under maintenence. thirdly, driverless technolgy mistakes could happen anytime and cause a major risk to anyone in the car. all of these reasons should make people not want to driver driverless cars. to start off, driverless most likely cause more accidents. if there is no one in the car to take control of the car if a road is blocked off the car could end up being completely damaged. also this could cause even more distracted driving. it is already a big deal with normal cars. if someone is texting and notice that the dirverless car is about to hit something it could cause more acidents just like normal driving. accidents will hapeen no matter whatif there is a driver in the car and if there is no driver in the car. i strongly believe with no driver in that car accidents will definitely go up. if there are more driverless cars on the road than normal cars whcih could possibly mean no dirvers the risk for an accident to occur is much more likely. next, roads and driverless cars. youre driving down the sreet and you see part of the road is cut off so you just change lanes even though the lane you were in is usually fine. lets say a driverless car did the same thing. how would it know not to drive in any lane that is uner maintenence? driverless cars would not know and that is the problem. if there were construction workers on sight and a driverless car went through that. it would cause damage and possibly even kill the innocent construction workers. another possibility is that someone is crossing the street and the driverless car cant sense that. the person crossing the street could get hit. whose fault is that? driverless cars cannot always sense what is on the road ahead of them unlike normal drivers that can see the road of them. not knowing what lies on the road ahead of you is very dangerous and that is exactly what driverless cars do. finally, the technology that is in the driverless cars. there could easily be a mistake with driverless cars. regular drivers make mistakes also however it is probably more common in driverless cars. if the car accidentally runs over something thinking it got into an accident and releases the airbags of the car damaging the car and anyone in the car. or if the car brakes suddenly or pushes the gas. the price to fix all of this could be very high, higher than the price for a normal car. when you are not in control of your car it opens a lot more risks than when you are not in control of your car. like any other technolgy things happen that cause it to fail. since the technolgy is not immune to failure and could even require a driver to be in it, a regular car is a good option. overall, technolgy always has its flaws and you dont want to be in car that ends up losing control. in conclusion, driverless cars are not a good idea. they cause people to constantly worry about whether or not their own car will get in an accident or not. accidents will occur most likely, the car could not see roads are closed and drive in them anyways thefore damaging the car. lastly, technology could malfunction also. all of these problems could put anyone in a driverless car at risk for an accident. these cars will be expensive and you do not want to end up getting the car detroyed even if it is not your fault. the only car you have complete control over is the one that you can drive.