limiting car usage is popular talk amongst most leaders and politicians. there are many advantages to shortining the usage of cars throughout not just countries but the whole world. the use of cars cause many accidents and even deaths. some cars and most trucks are polutting the atmoshpere. cars can also cause people to be lazy and not get enogh physical activity. cars do provide a quicker way of transportation for those who cant or dont have a train to ride. car accidents is the leading death toll amongst americans. even though source states thatas of april , the numbers of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . part of the explanation certainaly lies in the recession, because americans cant afford new cars. even france started to join the banning of cars to a certain exstent. source  says congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog...the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is one of the most polluted cities in the world. smog is caused by to much car pollution with cold weather. i believe that unless you are in the country side you should not drive. if you are going a short distance you can take a city bus, train or even just do it old fashioned and walkride a bike. if you are going long distances take a train. this would cause less acciddents and it would raise health for people. if you dont have a train or any public transportation near your area i would recommend buying a car that you actually need. not just buying something to show off around town. if you need a truck then get one but if you are just trying to get from point a to point b then i would recommend a hybrid. something that uses either all electricity or even most elecrticity and some gas. limiting car usage is popular talk amongst most leaders and politicians. there are many advantages to shortining the usage of cars throughout not just countries but the whole world. this talk could end up changing the world for a better most likely. it could help save moey and boost the economy. some people wanna hang on to their cars so bad that in paris even numbered lincense plates were ordered to leave their cars at home our suffer a euro fine . almost , drivers were fined and even some people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine.