was the face created by aliens? according to the text, mar global surveyor arrived at the red planet in sept. , eighteen years after the viking mission ended. the face is just a natural land form because nasa has not identified who could have done it,they only have images and the face is in the ground whickh makes it a land form. nasa does not see these faces all the time. why is this landfrom one of a kind? mars has been a planet for years and only has one face. which proves that, aliens could have created this. maybe it is a self portrait, or a sign. the picture of the face was first taken on april , . this gives the aliens plenty of times to create the face. on mar the landforms are remotly the same because of the climate effects everything in a similar way. nasa believes aliens are real. if nasa has found evidence that aliens may be real, then why dont they think aliens created this? aliens could be capable of doing this. the face could be an alien artifact. maybe there are more underground built by aliens that you can not see. this is a landform because nasa only has images. images cn be deciving , i know from experience. this may look like a face, but is not. sometimes things are not what they seem. in  they had image spans . meters, compared to  metere per pixel in . the face is in the ground. being attched to the ground, not made by man is a land form. an alien is not a man even if the face is man created. it is simplily just a landform that looks like something that it is not. on mars there are other land forms, but they just dont look like a face. the lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa is about the same height as the face on mars. this is not made made which makes it a lanform. nasa has not identifed who couldve made the face. if nasa takes pictures of mars then they should have pictures of the makers. therofore this is a landform or else they would have a picture of who couldve created the face .the face is located at  degree angl north martin latitude. no prof of anyone making it. must be a land mark because lack of evidense the face is a natural landform becuse they only have images, it is connected to the ground, and they have not identifed who couldve made it. the lack of evidense has caused me to beileve this. it is a landform on mars and a pretty cool looking one.