a new technology called the facial action coding system is described by the author of the article making mona lisa smile. this system enables computers to identify six of the human emotions. this technology should be used to read the emotional expresiions of students in a classroom, because it is a very valuable technology. firstly, we should have this technology because it would help explain how people would be feeling on a certain subject, lifestyle or in everyday life. eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. since dr. eckman has programmed these emotions we can better understand how someone is feeling without having to ask him each emotion inflicts a facial muscle movement which is recognised and is catagorized as an emotion. in addiotion, we should have these identifiers because it could help students learn better. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this software could help someone who is easily distracted. this technology could find a way to help with this person, and the coding system could produce a lesson that this person can listen to and understand it because it was made for them. also, the facial action coding system can help teachers and staff. some students do not show what they are feeling. if this technology can figure out facial expressions then the teachers will know who is having a bad day, the teacher could then talk to this person privately and see how they are doing. according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotuions, but also may even help produce them. since studies show that if a student smiles they could have a better day. the teacher could recognise that someone is feeeling down so they could say a funny joke and sprout an emotion into a particualr student. in the final analysis, we should have the facial action coding system in school because it will help students feel better and learn better. if a student does not want to go to school then they probably do not want to learn either. if this system can make someones day then students would want to come to school, and teachers would then have students who want to learn. making mona lisa smile is a great article and the technology that is included in the article may be the next big thing. the first step for the coding system is to use the technology to read the emotional expression of student in classrooms. this technology can help a student throughout their school work. it can also help the teachers to teach more passionatly to students who want to learn and are not forced to come to school, but come voluntarily.