as time goes on technology improves day by day, we live in a world where technology plays a big role in our lives. whoever woud have known that technology would get so advanced that even computers can read our emotions. yeah thats right, a new software called facial action coding system is able to detect our emotions by creating a d model of our face and recording our  muscle movements. this type of software should be allowed in schools to help teachers identify students who struggle in their classes. the facial action coding system has promising results and was able to detect mono lisas emotions, shes  perecent happy,  perecent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry dalto . this was a test conducted by prof. thomas huang and prof. nicu sebe. these are two professers that develop better ways for human and computers to comminicate. with the help of these professors the software facs can detect happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness dalto . in other words it can detect emotions and that could be very useful in classrooms. another point why i believe this software is valuale in a classroom is because in paragraph  dr. huang said  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored dalto . this is a very helpful tool because students are very shy, scared, and nervous when it comes to speaking up or asking questions, dr. haung pointed out that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communucation dalto . what is being said is that people do not comminicate verbaly or emotionaly and they want computers to know that. with facs softwares in classrooms it can help identefy and improve students education. last but not least in paragraph  it was said that faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful dalto . what this is saying is that their facial recognition software never fails to detect when someone is lying and that faces do not lie. this could be used to identify if a student is being honest or is lying about what they have done. in conclusion there are many benifits allowing facial action coding system in classrooms. this software can detect students emotions, when teachers can not. facs can also notice when someone is not being honest and this could be used to test students to see if they are trustworthy or not. i see nothing but positive outcomes of this software and i look forward to seeing this in future classrooms.