everyone has their own idea of the future. no one truly knows what the future holds, but many have their own personal ideas such as self driven cars. self driven cars can be made to help humans drive in a more efficient way. the idea of self driven cars is a good idea because car owners would be able to travel further distances without worring about car accidents, having driverless cars would decrease the amount of car crashes throughout the year, and car owners would no longer have to be concerned with keeping their eyes on the road. everyday people drive on the highway whether its to get to work, visit family, or even just to get away. sometimes these distances are alot furhter than the average person can drive, and driving would be alot cheaper than choosing to spend money on plane tickets. if we allowed car owners to have driverless cars then the risk of accidents would decrease on the highways. drivers on the highway for long periods of times get tired of driving after a while. these drivers have a chance of falling asleep on the road and getting into an accident. if the we offer car owners an oppurtunity to have driverless cars then drivers would be able to rest while the cars drives. a second reason car owners should have the oppurtunity to have driverless cars is because these cars would prevent less accidents over the year to. the amount of car crashes throughout the year would decrease becasue these cars would eliminate an irresponsible driver. for example if a person were to go to a bar and have too many drinks anf decide to drive these cars would be able to eliminate the drunk driver from an accident, and arrive at a destination safetly without driving recklessly. they would keep other drivers who are not driving irresponsibly safe as well. my final reason i believe that driverless car would be a good idea is because car owners would be able to enjoy the view of a passanger. they would no longer have to worry about missing out on seeing anything when they travel down the highway. car owners would be able to stay on their phones, interact with their friends or family, and even catch up on work. car owners would not have to be distracted by keeping their eyes on the road anymore. in conclusion, driverless cars are a good technology advancment that could help humans in a more effiecient way because drivers would no longer have to be concered with keeping their eyes on the road, the number of car accidents throughout the year would decrease, and people would be able to travel in a much safer way on the highway.