driveless cars are the new future. i think that driveless cars will be very helpful and fun for everyone in the world. i think they would be helpful, entertaining, and useful. although cars now are very useful, i believe that the driveless cars will be even more useful for the future. driveless cars would be helpful to us because it could possibly cause us less accidents. everyday there is an accident at least somewhere. the causes to some of these accidents could be texting, drinking and driving, not paying attention, or just bad roads. but the major one that we have is the texting and driving. there is over  that someone is either texting or on the phone with someone and they get in an accident. drivless cars you dont have to do anything really. yes you still have to pay attention but you can glance down a time or two. also these cars will alarm you when to take over the car. they alarm you when its bad traffic or if theres an accident ahead. it also has you take over once you are pulling in or out of a driveway. i think that it is very helpful for that because itll most likley decrease the amount of accidents we could have a day. driveless cars just seem like it would be fun. who wouldnt want a car that can go off on its own and need you to take control over only sometimes? you can actually enjoy yourself and look around. you are still paying attention to the road but just not as much as when you are driving. when you are driving you have to be focused on the road and other drivers at the same time. the driverless cars do that for you. they also watch you. they make sure that you still pay attention to the road. the car also gives you a second to prepare yourself for when you are about to take over. i think that it would just be enjoy able and fun to have a driverless car. nobody likes to fill up their car and use money. everybody hates how many times a week they have to stop and get gas. the driverless car uses half the fuel of todays taxis. they also offer a lot more flexibility than a bus. in the passage driverless cars are coming sergey brin says he believes such cars fundamentally change the world. paragraph . this could be saving your money and very useful. sergey brin also predicts that he can see these driverless cars into a public transport taxi system. that would be really useful to the world and again save a lot of our money. in conclusion i think that the driverless cars would be helpful, entertaining, and useful to our world. i think that it could really change our world and have a big impact on it. although cars now are very useful, i believe that the driveless cars will be even more useful for the future.