as we advance in technology, this helps us to accomodate to our everyday needswants. one of the things companys are trying to advance, is cars. dealerships and other companys are trying to solve the problem of smarter cars, or computerdriven cars. in my own opinion, i see this as a bad idea. these smarter cars, are practically just computers. computers fail and mess up all the time, these cars will have maulfunctions do to this problem. if there was an accident, it would be hard to determine if it was the drivers fault, or the companys. another thing that could go wrong with these cars is if these types of cars drive themselves, there will be people that will not pay attention to the things around them, which results in accidents. even though there are so many advances in these smarter cars already, there are still so many things that need to be improved if we are ever going to have these in the future. in the article, it talks about all the advances such as sensors, cameras, bmw cars driving at  mph on their own, vibrations that go off if your in danger, etc. yet, what about all the things left to discover and fix about these cars? since these smarter cars are just computers, what is going to happen when a piece of the computer messes up and your on the road? the driver wont know. this would result in many accidents. with all these accidents that could happen driving one of these cars, whose fault would it be? the owner of the car isnt really driving this car, the company designed this car to drive itself and to be safe. in my opinion, these cars could cause a lot of court orders and hearings. the company of these smarter cars would have to have some sort of agreement plan set up, or they would be getting sued all the time. nobody will want to take blame for all these accidents that may happen, because you really wont know whose fault it is. if smarter cars do pass law obligations and make the market, what are drivers going to do? all they will have to do is sit in the car and watch as it drives itself. using the phone and driving is already a huge issue right now, this results in many fatal accidents already. there is always going to be those drivers that will not pay attention to their smarter cars while driving, they could be using their phones or doing anything. this would be another major risk factor for selling this type of automobile. many collisions and crashes could result from thinking your car can handle driving on its own, when the person driving still needs to pay attention to everything going on. even though technology keeps advancing, we need to learn to use these advances in good, positve, safe ways. this type of automobile may or may not be in this category. as of now according to the article, we have companies already figuring out the proscons of computerdriven cars. if this advancment is going to work out in the future, these trial and errors are the way to figure everything out. in my own opinion, i still think smarter cars will turn out bad in the end, yet with the technology advancing like it is, there is no way of telling.