in the article  making mona lisa smile , the author explains this new technology and decribes how it works. the technology would have many benefits. which include students focusing more, getting more involved, and even doing better in school. the new technology can have major avdcantages for not only the students but the administration as well. by using the facial action coding system the studetns will tend to be more focused on something that cathes their eye. if the new technology can tell when one is getting more or distracted it can change up to lesson plan.  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. the lesson can be changed into something not only benefitical but entertaining for the students. holding the attention of every student is a hard task for one teacher so with this new system it can help hold the attention. even when the teacher has attention of some students some dont focus on the same situation. holding the attention is a major factor in a school setting and with the help of the sytem learning can change. every student has a different learning style. it can also help on how much the stdents interact. the students will learn at their pace with their required style of teaching the new sytem will provude them therefore leading to better understanding of the task at hand. the students will start participaiting more abd ecen start sharing their thoughts on the siblect. plus the new exciting way of learning will make them want to show how mch they learned with the new facial action coding system. lastly, if the students are focusing more on their new and improved learing techniques then they will also get more of their homework done. the new technology will hold the attention of the audience and teach the topic better. this system will help the teachers get every childs attention rather than some. every teacher teache at her pace her technique they think is best for us but sometimes their way is not the right way for every student. the new facial action coding system has many advantages that school administration should take into consideration. it will help kids lern, feel proud enough to interact, and even give them boost of confidence to get better grades.