venus started to form life just like earth, many years ago, according to the text. the author supports this idea by giving examples and how can life can be formed in venus. the author also gave information about how powerful earthquakes and lightning strikes can provoke venus. the author also goes on by saying how venus was probably covered with oceans and couldve had forms of life. and, life on venus are very limited because forms of light dont happen very often according to the text. also, i forgot to mention that technonlogy in venus are powerful aswell, and also runs real quckfast. in the text it states, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking the to land on its surface. this is basically saying that venus has very powerful weathers that is most likely to kill you if you live in venus. in the text in paragraph  it states, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this sentence is basically saying that venus could have been just like earth. what im saying is that venus could have been having human life, like for example, human can actually live in venus for the rest of their lifes if they know how to live in extreme conditions. and finally, in paragraph , it states, solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. basically what this sentence is saying is that venus is so hot that possible venus might have the weather temperature just like earth. humans can live there but might be dangerous because the weather in venus is so powerful and can kill you and growing food may be hard at times. if you love bad weather and tend to challenge yourself on extreme living conditons, then venus is the right place for you. what im basically saying is that if you love challenging yourself and how far you can become at extrme living conditions then venus is the right place for you. or, if you love technology and you want your modern phone, computer, etc to run fast, then venus is the place for you. in paragraph , it states,  modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme pysical conditions. basically, if you make mechanical parts can be made more resistant. if you challenge yourself im not saying that youone should live in venus, thats your option or our human mentality may lead in exploring earth because our human brains may cause us to explore more earth, until all earth edges. like for example, nobody lives in antartica and its off limits, we arent allowed to visit antartica and its not owned by anyone. but, we as humans we are curious creatures that would like know everything or explore more earth, or not just earth but other planets.