would driverless cars be successful or destructive to society? driverless cars would be an good idea. they could possibly lower car crashes in the country. driverless cars could also be an bad idea. they could put peoples lives at risk. the driverless car could save someones life or it could risk it. this invention would be a good use to a drunk driver. instead of the drunk driver driving and possibly killing themself or others, the driverless car can drive him or her home with no one harmed in the process. its also a good use to those who text and drive because it will alert them to stop texting and to pay attention to the road. although the car is driving on its own, you still have control over what the car does. this allows you to take over if you feel the need too. the driverless automobile has many qualifications to it, other than driving on its own. in the passage it says that the car willl alert the human driver when it needs him or her to take over. this is good because instead of letting him or her get into an accident, itll notify them before anything occurs. the automobiles also have cameras watching the driver to make sure they are also paying attention to the roads. driverless cars can be turned off if the human driver would prefer to drive. the designers for the driverless car are focusing on the safety of the drivers. although the driverless car is a good idea, its also a bad one. the driverless car could have an technology fail. if this would too ocur, the manufacture would be at fault because they didnt do their job correctly. the manufacturer is supposed to make sure that no one will be harmed using their product. the manufacturer should check for malfuctions in their system before selling their car. this automobile could be very useful in the future. the manufactures should carefully plan this out carefully. the car could save many lives. there is a lot of good qualifications that comes with the car but theres also a few bad ones too. this car could either build society or ruin society.