cant fake out your teacher of a lesson anymore. this new technology called facial action coding system can read your emotions through muscles in your face. this technology can enchance lessons being taught to students, and also help tell if a student is struggling with emotional issues. this technology can modify lessons for each individual student and could possibly help the teen rates of depression or other mental disorders. this tech could be put in classrooms and read every students face while the teacher presents the lesson. as dr. huang states in the article a classrom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. facial muscles will move in the different patterns depending on how that person is feeling. this could give the teacher signals that he or she needs to change it up and get the classs attention back. additionally this could also alert the teacher that a student is struggling. if a student is struggling with depression or anxiety, which are some of the leading issues with teenagers in present day, the computer system could detect it and put someones attention to it. the human eye can only tell so much from looking at someone facial expression. as the article informs ... we humans can perfrom the same impressive calculation every day.... of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. we can only perferm so much, but facs uses video imagey to track facial motions. each emotional uses different muscle combinations to express themselves. although this technology is a great step, how much does this require to become practical? this tech could cost school systems thousands of dollars and doesnt make up for when the student is at home. the article makes a remark about this topic by saying your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. if it can not decode that then how will it decode a humans face. the human face is much more complex than a painting. this shows that the technology has great potential, but still requires some improvements. facs can assist teachers in lessons and help call out students in need. it isnt perfect though and requires more steps to become easy to access, but it has major potential to benefit our livelyhoods in the future. you better start practcing your fake smile or get ready to learn more easily, because facs will be in use soon.