the ability for a computer to be able to detect emotion by the twitch of a muscle is incredible and seems almost impossible. for a computer to detect percentages of emotions, such as with the mona lisa who is supposedly  happy,  disgusted,  fearful, and  angry, is even more impressive. this type of breakthrough technology can be very useful in the near future to help in the medical field or the law field, but in a classroom? there is no value in using this technology in the classroom to calculate the emotions that students are feeling. not only is it an unnecessary cost added to the already minute educational budget, but it is also an invasion of privacy. the budget for education in america is absurdly small and it wont be going up any time soon. this would mean an increase on taxes which no one would like. anyone that has been in a school knows the quality of the computers. they are cheap, slow, and just overall trashy. the fact that schools cant afford to get better computers shows a lot about the budget. most people have a computer that performs much better than the school computers. the author says ,your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode the mona lisas smile dalto . this would mean that not only would schools need to purchase brand new computers that have the high capility to run these algorithms, but you would also need to purchase the software which can actually do the facial decoding. this would be an outrageous cost because of the limited avaliability of this technology to the public. it simply wouldnt be possible to include this epic technology in classrooms. while the having the actually money to acquire the new computers and software is already a huge problem in itself, the privacy of students is an even bigger one. in order to detect emotions on someone or somethings face, you would need a camera. hypothetically even if we did have the budget to get all the required technology, we would still need to have a camera capturing every movement of student. dr. huang claims, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor dalto . in order for the computer to recognize when a student is becoming confused, the camera must be turned on a filming the student work. this footage would then be sent to the software where it would then thoroughly analyze the little movements and twitches of the students face. this itself is a very serious invasion of privacy, not to mention the possibility of the software being hacked and footage being retrieved from the cameras. the whole operation of installing and using this software is a law suit waiting to happen. technology is incredible and can be use in a variety of different, effective ways. dr. huangs innovation of a computer that can actually detect the facial emotions of a person is absolutely surreal. it seems almost futuristic. when this technology is used in an appropriate setting like a hospital or a court room the possibilties are endless. if used in a school where the software would be recording and taking pictures of students and thoroughly analyzing these images, it is not only a blow to the education budget and to our wallets, but it is a serious invasion of privacy and a lawsuit waiting to happen. for use in a school, the negatives heavily outweigh the positives so for now, we should just let our teachers do the lesson modifying.