facial action coding system is a system in a computer that takes human faces and tells the emotions of that person, made from professor thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois. the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all forty four major muscels in the nodel must move like human muscels. they tested this system on the mona lisa painting who was created by artist leonardo da vinci. the system shows that the mona lisa is eightythree percent happy, nine percent disgusted, six percent fearful, and two percent angry. however, they are trying to use this technology to read students emotional expressions, which i am strongly against for the fowling reasons. students should have the right to tell rather how they feel or not. as a student in high school, facial expressions are key to what kids are thinking. if students do not want to say what that student feels they should be able to keep it to themselves. all students should have the right to defend themselves with their thoughts. the movement towards that technology to get students emotional expressions will start making a fight between students. to add to, this system is a very expensive system where schools do not have the money for. schools need to focus more on getting more help for their students, not finding out their emotional expressions. however, having this system can help students who are in need of guidance, but the students would rather talk to a counslor than a computer. schools should put more of that money into new books or new activites for the students so the students can say well educated and socially active. to sum it up, the facial action coding sytem is a system in which a computer reads a humans face. they should not use this on studenets for privacy of the student, and financial issues. this is a brlliant idea towards pictures of people as in the mona lisa, not in students. students have the right to go to a guidance counsler for issues if they have any, but a student should not get he or she face read unless of student conncent.