have you ever wanted to visit other planets? in this essay, i am going to talk about visiting venus,the dangers, nd what the author supports. in paragraph , venus is sometimes called the evening star because it is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. this name is misleading to many people because some people think that venus is a star yet it is a planet. venus is often referred to as earths twin. venus is closet to earth in terms of dennsity and size. venus is the second planet from the sun. venus is a very challenging place to examine more closely because of the atmosphere. in paragraph , it states that many humans have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on venus but they have all failed to last more than a few because of the harsh environment on venus. not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. according to the article, venus is a challenging planet for humans to study despite being a twin to earth. in paragraph , it states that there is a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide that blankets venus and the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid on venus. the tempearture too is not friendly to humans. in paragraph , it is stated venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in the solar system which means even humans cant be on that planet and this king of heat can even melt metal. even though venus is inhospitable, scientists are still discussing further visits to venuss surface. according to the article, long ago,venus was probably covered by large oceans and could have supported various forms of life. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. in conclusion, the author supports this idea because at the end of the article, the author saysour travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation which means the author strongly wants nasa and other scientistst to come up with some kind of way to navigate and know more about the planet venus. venus is still a hostile planet to send humans to. nasa is still persisting on sending humans there which is putting their lives in danger. nasa still wants to send people there because they are not the ones going. they dont know much about the planet and they dont know if there is some kind of people or creatures that live there.