imagine what it would be like to use technology to identify human emotions? the article, making mona lisa smile informs us of a new method that might be beneficial for teachers. dr. paul eckman, the creator of facs facial action coding system has used improved technology to help establish a connection between computers and how they are able to detect human emotions. another man, by the name of prof. thomas huang, has developed a software, working in collaboration with prof. nicu sebe. using computers to help read the emotional expressions of students could be very valuable for teaching and improving education all around the world. before learning about the benifits of how computers can detect emotions, its significant to grasp how the system works. the process begins when a computer constructs a d computer model of the face. all fortyfour major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. dr. eckman has classified six basic emotions which are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. moreover, each of the emotions, he claims, are associated with characteristic movements of facial muscles. on the other hand, dr. huang claims that computers can even detect emotional communication when it is nonverbal. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. his claim seems appealing because its important for teachers to help their students succeed. however, students periodically become unfocused, confused, and tired throughout the school day. thats where advanced computers come into play. overall, it would be in the best interest of teachers and community schools to upgrage to advanced methods of teaching, involving computers that detect human emotions. not only would it be beneficial to students, but it would also improve the knowledge of generations and generations. the general public would be brilliant and could do incredible things. they would be able to cure what are now considered uncurable diseases, improve the standard of living, and find answers to environmental problems such as global warming.