venus the sister planet of earth is planet very similar to ours and is worh going to. what if venus held life before,according to the text theis is very possible. sientist are very excited about the things that could be found on venus and are coming up with ideas to go to venus. the author explains this topic well has lots of good points. in this essay and i will be stating why venus is worth going to and all the dangers that come alog with it. the first challenge the author staes is that the scientist have to make the mission safe andproductive. acording to the article the  degree flesh bubbling heat astrnaughts would have to endure is a huge problem for safety. the intence heat paired with the acid rain is something that doesent seem real. many people dont know but acording to the text the gravity on venus is  times more then what we feel here on earth. this problem would have to be met with a type of suite in wich is the best we have ever made. if we want to send people to venus these problems will have to be made with lots of people and tested many times. acording to paragraph  we also would need to come up with materials that will still function properly under all the elements. the benifitsd the author staes we will have are a very great understanding of what venus is made of and if anything ever lived on it. the reason we should know whats on venus is for resources and for another planet to have people on. if we find that venus has a great deal of more usefull resources we can use them. if we find that other being lived on this planet we can try and figure out what happned and learn new ideas that we can use. this would be a great leap in the understanding of planets and help our scientist study them better. in conclusion the author staed the benifits and dangers good but can still add more details like what other space centers are interested in helping or is it just nasa. the article was written well and had good structure. the auther gives shows data for example when the text staed the avarage tempertate on venus is  degrees on the surface in paragraph . overall this article seccusfully supports the idea of if venus is woth visiting.