with the aging of time comes the advent of new technology. one specific development in this modern era is none other than computerdriven cars. this progression, however, has indubitably raised the question should we have them or not? while computerdriven cars may cause responsibility issues in times of accidents, ultimately society will experience a higher degree of safety and convenience thus, it is only neccessary that they be implemented and replace what defines driving today. computerdriven or driverless cars undoubtedly provide more safety to all drivers and pedestrians than cars driven completely by humans. currently, there are my types of people with the priviledge of driving, whether they be old, young, or even disabled. while the fact that this priviledge is accessible to many seems great, this could lead to disaster young drivers have more of a tendency to drive under the influence of drugs or alcohol and old or disabled drivers may be oblivious to anything on the road. however, with the advent of driverless cars, those who may not be as strong in driving do minimal work to get to where they want. in paragraph , it claims that the bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant, which is a car that can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph. also, these driverless cars can even steer, accelerate, and brake themselves . . . lastly, features such as flashing lights on the windshield and other headsups displays are under consideration. with all these new aspects entwined, any type of driver would benefit simply due to the fact that do not have to do as much of the driving anymore. ultimately, this would indubitably lead to increased safety in society, as both drivers and pedestrians no longer have to worry about performing careless mistakes that would inevitably cause major issues on the road. not only would driverless cars increase the level of safety on the road and benefit every civilian, but also they would provide much convenience. in paragraph one, it addresses this notion with he brin envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. today, in many overpopulated countries such as china, the amount of transportation on the road is so extreme to the point where carowners can only drive on specific days of the week. however, with this system of driverless cars, everyone has a guaranteed opportunity to ride in a car everyday. additionally, this adds convenience to environmental groups and activists due to the fact that, as mentioned in paragraph one the cars hebrin forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. now, with these driverless cars, protecting the environment would become an intrinsic phenomenon. thus, with the implementation of driverless cars, there would be an undoubtable increase in the level of convenience to society. it still must be acknowledged, however, that these driverless cars can cause responsibility issues when there is an accident mentioned in paragraph . while this may be the case, it is, in the end, trivial with new system features mentioned in paragraphs  and , very seldom will one see accidents. additionally, this problem of responsibility could be avoided in the first place with the implementation of a recording device in every driverless transport. by doing so, it will reveal if it was the fault of technology or the driver that caused an accident. in the end, this concern of liability and responsiblity is outweighed by its own trivialness and the fact that driverless cars offer much more safety and convenience. driverless cars should be industrialized and ultizied in society in the near future because of the fact they offer maximum degrees of both safety and convience to many members of society. while there lies the concern that driverless cars will cause responsiblity issues when there are accidents involving it, one must consider the fact that these accidents in the first place are seldom to occur furthermore, this concern can easily be avoided altogether with new methods such as videotaping both the inside and the technology itself to determine what caused the accident.the progression of time has led to the taking of many steps for technology it is technology such as driverless cars that we must welcome.