have you ever thought of being a seagoing cowboy. well you should luke was once asked do you want to go to europe on a cattle boat he could not waste the oppurtunity of a lifetime. some reasons you should join this is because you will have a lot of fun. especially if you love animals maybe you are a farmer and you love animals just join the seagoing cowboys. or maybe you just want to have a little adventure a seagoing cowboy would be a great idea. some people may say it is to dangerous and bla bla bla. it does not matter what other people think what matters is your opinion if you want to be a seagoing cowboy go for it. do not waste the oppurtuniy of your lifetime. if you want to go on an adventure seagoing cowboy is perfect because luke once went and they visited china it took a long time but they still went and luke said it was great. some details that luck gave in the article were pretty amazing. you could actually imagine it in yor head. the way he described everything. so you should not waste an oppurtunity of a lifetime it is advetures,fun,you get to vist a lot of places. if you love animals you get to be with animals. it may take a long time to get to the destination the ship is going but you could take something along to do or play with the animals. you just have to feed them and clean them or else they are going to get all stinky and unhealthy and the ship will smell bad. some other details that can support lukes claim is that in the article it said that the cowboys play baseball and volleyball when the animals are unloaded they play in the empty holds where the animals were. they would also play tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling. in the aricle luke also said that seagoing is more than an adventure. to conclude, this is why you should take the oppurtunity of a lifetime and be a seagoing cowboy. if you like animals there is animals if you like adventures there is adventure. there is something there for every boy to enjoy and have a good time. while there you may want to open up your brain and think of the things you have done in life and think if this was one of the things you ever imagined doing.