there are many advantages to limiting car usage. by reducing the usage of cars we can lower the air pollution in our cities. if the number of cars on the road is lower than usual, then the number of traffic jams and car crashes will be decreased. driving is a huge responsibility and worrying about protecting your life, the passengers in your cars life, and other drivers on the roads life can be very stressful at times. lowering the usage of cars can limit that stress. polloution is bad and it destroys the earth. when we drive, our tailpipes give off greenhouse emmissions that ravage the ozone layer of our atmoshphere. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. the congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog. by reducing our car usage, we can make our world a more clean and less polluted place. traffic jams are annoying and frustrating. car crashes are dangers and life altering. you can avoide both of these terrible things by limiting how often you drive your car. everytime you sit down in that drivers seat and turn the car on, there is a chance of getting stuck in traffic or into a wreck. there is no better way to avoid this than walking, taking a bus, or biking where ever you need to go. in a program that was set to spread to other countries, millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses yesterday, leaving the streets of bogota, colombia free of traffic jams. driving can put a tremendous amount of stress on a person. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza. you dont have to live with all of that stress. just limit yout car usage and you will live a happier life. in conclusion, there are so many advantages to limiting car usage. you can lower air pollution. driving less reduces the chances of you getting in a traffic jam or worse, a car accident. last but most certainly not least, driving less reduces stress.