giving up a car can be difficult. but if you all knew more about cars, perhaps you all would stop using them. or at least limiting the usage of your car. lowering the pollution rate in the world would defenetlly be an advantage. there would br more space for other things to be built. and besides, cars are a one of the many ways people die. cars are so mediocre for our environment. . passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. the percentage is lower in europe due to the fact that europeans drive less that the people in united states do. the environmental protection agency are promoting car reduced communities in the united states. beijing, china, is on eof the most polluted cities in the entire world. many countries and cities are enforcing a partial driving ban to get rid of the air pollution. places like france, paris, london and even bogota, colombia. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said carlose arturo, a businessman. studies in america show that as each year goes by, less and less americansare buying or driving cars. studies also show fewer licenses are getting distributed each year. driving fewer cars means that roads really arent useful anymore. so, that leaves room for other things to be built. things like parks, restaurants, shopping centers, and it woould be great for promoting or expanding companies. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhourrestrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. finally, cars are one of the many ways people die. statistics show that car crashes are more likely to happen than getting in a plane crash or any other type of collision. especially for teens who have just got their license. many peopole die from car crashes, just think about all the losses we could prevent from happening. just because that person didnt mean anything to you doesnt mean they werent loved by someone else. in conclusion, you should see the many things we could avoid with cars. the many advantages we would have without cars. we would have less pollution, more space for other things to be built, and the lives of your loved ones. even if you choose not to stop driving your car, at least limit the usage of it, or you coud carpool.