in the artical driverless cars are coming i am against the development of these care. the driverless cars wil make everyone lazyier and more carefree then what we already are in this world. drviers today are already getting into to many accidents while driving, beacsue they are not paying attention to what is going on around them or they are intoxicated or they get distracted to easy. we all need to learn how to keep our eyes on the road at all times whilout depending on something or someone to do it for us. i believe that we should stick to the cars we already have and just pay more attention to whats going on around us. the driverless car is not completely driverless now so who is to say it will be in the future. the driverless car is smart and tells you when youre about to back into something or someone and they also help you know when danger is coming up. the driverless cars do not however drive you safely to where you need or want to be, they still require to have teh drivers full attention at all times for when there is danger up ahead or a work zone. they are not completely driverless if that was the casse then we wouldnt have to pay attention still to what is going on around us and the cars wouldnt need warnning lights on the dashboard, or vibrating seats, or any cameras or sensers to indacat us with what is going on around us at that very moment. honestly in my best option i dont think we have the best technology yet to even begain on trying to creat driverless cars like we see in movies. we have been trying to creat the same cars we see in the movies beacsue we like the idea about not having to physically drive anywhere ourselves and we would much rather have a machine or other factor do it for us. since  google has been working on ideas to creat these said driverless cars and we have yet to fully suceed in creating one that doesnt require anyone to drive them at any point in time, we should just messing around with technology and what we think may or may not happen in the future and focuse on what is happening right now in our lives and what we have came across adn descoverd right now. in conclusion to everything i have said and pointed out, everyone is entitles to their own opinion and what they think is true or not true and what should happen in the near future. but to me we should just stick to everything that we know and what we are learning now rather then chaniging the way things are with todays world and when we have far more advanced technology them possible try to figure out if we should have driverless cars or what we shold do.