mars has always been a big part in our curiosity for outer space. we are always secretly hoping that there is some form of life out there other than down here. i do believe that this face is a natural landform because the picture quality back then was not all too great, this place is known for its martian mesas, and they only unveiled it to the general public for attention and hopefully more money in their funding. i believe that this face so to speak is actually just another lanform on the terrain that is mars. i believe that it is a landform becase as you can see the picture quality in  is much more different than the quality of the picture in . that said, mars is known for its powerful windstorms, so the earth could have shifted over time. that just makes it even more of a landform though. i also believe that this so called face is not an actual face because the scientists stated that in the region of cydonia it was common to find what they call martain mesas which means it just so happens to be another freaky concidence instead of some actual huge martian face. not even the actual scientists believed that it was an actual martian. they did think so for a short while and theyre honestly dumb. in my opinion, until the day where some other form of life comes down to earth, there is no such way there could be martian life. i believe that this isnt an actual face also because nasa unveiled it to the general public just for attention and possibly some money. lets face it, nasa doesnt get very much funding. im guessing that they unveiled it to the public for attention saying look at me, look at me im some important martian face and you should give the people who found me more money so they can find other things like me with better equipment. which in my opinion its just plain sad. dont get me wrong i support nasa all the way, but when they have to do something like this just to get fame and perchance a little bit of money, its a little sad. we all know that with more fame comes more money lets not talk about kanye west shall we? there are people like selena gomez and donald trump who have so much money from all the fame theyre getting. when in reality they arent contributing much to society except for the fact that they are just spewing a lot of junk out of their mouths. whereto people working at places such as nasa have not very much funding and are still attempting to change the world, which is really really beautiul. in the end, this face is nothing but a silly little landform on the face of mars. i still firmly believe it because the picture quality back then was not all too great, this place is known for its martian mesas, and they only unveiled it to the general public for attention and hopefully more money in their funding. this is the sad truth in this whole operation, but it is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. they arent fooling anyone when they say that this little scheme of theirs is actually some form of extratresstrial life.