car usage is decreasing all over the world quickly. many people see that needing a car is no longer a priority to them anymore. many communities are elminating cars in the neighborhood. and in certain areas of germany, people are not even allowed to have cars. they sell them to live in the neighborhoods. to begin with, limiting car usage is elminating air pollution in bejing, and paris and in the united states. in paris, there has been heavy air smog and if ur caught driving in the streets you get fined euros . thousands of people were fined according to the international news agency headquarters in london for driving there cars during the smog. twenty seven people had there cars impounded for their reacton to the fine they were given. because of the air smog in paris, people were not allowed to drive anywhere they had to take the public transit to get to their destionation. so reducing the car use in paris help get rid of the smog faster. also, another reason elminating car usage is an advantage is less traffic backups. in bogota, colombia the citizens hiked,biked,skated andor took the public buses to work which left the street empty of traffic jams. since the mids, the city has had a day without cars campagin. over time, the city has seen over  miles of bicycle paths being created and most of latin american citites. parks and sports centers also have grown throughout the cities. the sidewalks been replaced by smoother ones, traffic jams have had a dramatic drop and also more restraunts and upscale shopping centers were built. so after all, elminating cars is not a bad thing. in addition to, every year in the united states more and more people been buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses as each ongoing year goes by. so the question that reaks through everyones mind,has america passed the peak driving? well, we may not know that answer for sure but what we do know is there is alot of changes going on. now we all know this country was the birth place for the very first model t ford, and where wilson pickett immortalized mustang sally. we all have love affairs with cars in this country, but over the past year our love affairs have cooled down some. statistics show that between  and , driving by young people decreased by  percent. but when this generation grows up will the car rates start going back up because the parents have to take their children to soccer practice, school plays? this will remain an open question until that time. as of recently the number of miles driven per person has dropped nearly  percent below the peak and the same rate as it was in january of . part of this explaination is because people were unemployed and could not afford new cars. according to mimi sheller, different things are converging. for example, she stated that the internet makes telecommunicating possible and easiar and makes peolpe feel more connected to others without driving around. to conclude, there are a plethora of advantages of why limiting car usage is a great benefit to everyone and even the environment! the air pollution will be cut down by a major percent.