in the article many positive and negative aspects are shown about driverless cars. from the details in the article driverless cars are coming i am for the development of driverless cars. although, people say these cars arnt the safest they are safe. having these types of cars can also create a world that has less stress. im also for this because its a new fun way for cars. many people can argue that these cars arnt the safest. these cars have sensors in them that make them safer then a normal car. these sensors notify the driver if they are ever needed. the sensors also help you stay out out of danger. they will allow the driver to take over whenever its needed. if the drivers dont see the lights flashing it also vibrates the seat. the vibration of the seats will also help keep the driver awake and aware. this car can also prevent many car crashes that care caused by texting while driving. the car drives most of the time so the driver will have time to look down at there phone every once and a while. texting and driving is still a bad thing to do but having these types of cars will prevent many crashes. having these types of cars can create less stress for the driver. the driver still has to remain aware of the road conditions, but doesnt have to be as alert. if your in a rush the car creates a route for you. finding routes in croweded highways can be a difficult thing for people to do. since the car drives for you most of the time you can awnser important calls or texts easily. if your stressed about driving this solves some of that problem. the cars have been driven more than half a million miles without a crash. also if you are stressed about making it to the place on time you can take control of the car. many of these ways can help make the driver less stressed. this driverless car is also a new fun way a car functions. this car has a futuristic look that are appealing to a wide audience. many people are fascinated by things that arnt the usual thing you would buy. if in the future everyone has these cars noone will feel bad about the type of car they have. everyone will have the same car. pyschologist say that many people would enjoy this car because its new. if you ask many people they would say they like trying new things, this would be the car for them. this article contains many positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. from reading this article i am for the development of these cars. they are safer then an average car in todays world. using these cars can make people less stresses. also these cars are a new and different from the cars we see today.