have you ever heard about venus, how worthy and dangers its presents?. they are worthy and dangers at the same time, because no humans have land on venus and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what the explorers experiend on earth. the other reason is astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. these are the example of how worthy and dangerous it is at the same time. the first reason is no humans have land on venus, since no spacecraft survived the land for more than a few hours. accoding to the article maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. at the same time numerous factors constribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. this is the reason why venus is worth to study and dangets at the same time. the next reason is the atmospheric pressure is  times greater that what the explorer on earth.the reason is these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encouter on earth such as environemt would crush ever submarine accustomed to diving the deepest part of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. accoding to the article also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. aslo another reason is beyond hight pressure heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the last reason is astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet. the reason is long ago, venus was probably cover largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. accoding to the article the planet has a surface of rocky sediments and includes familar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the arthur stated that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consederation given the long frames of space travel. this is the last reason why it is worth to study venus and dangers at the same time. these are the example of how challange exploring venus is and it is a worthy prusuite despite the dangers it presents.