the idea of being able to calculate someones exact emotions based on simply looking at their face seems almost impossible, but doctors seem to be proving that wrong. people may ask themselves, how can you know what can be going on in someones brain when you cannot see through their head? dr. huang and his colleagues are experts in figuring out new ways for humans and computers to communicate. in fact, prof. thomas huang and prof. nicu sebe have recently innovated a new computer software. this new fantastic innovation can potentially solve problems and help many people. this new software has been used on leonardo da vincis famous painting, the mona lisa, and there has been actual results that produce accurate persentages.this type of computer software could be installed everywhere, from your work, to your home, and even to you school. dr. huang predicts, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. i believe that this new invention could be very helpful to teachers and principals in all schools. for instance, if a student is too shy to ask questions about a lesson they do not understand, the software could pick up confusion from the kids face and notify the teacher. dr. huang also says, then it could motify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. not only does the new software detect emotions, but can make modifications towards a lecture as well. this innovation has the porential to do the tasks of a human being and beyond. now a days, adults do not seem to understand what a child or teenager goes through, but the invention can help those adults assist a person in academic and emotional needs. as for learning, the software can help excell and challenge students in a new way. this could teach students many new things related to anatomy, psychology, and even art. it would bring so much new information to the table and further technology even more. this could even open up a new field of work for those students interested in the innovation. in conclusion, a new invention like this would do wonders for the human population. everyone would get a better understanding of what they feel and what others feel as well. there is nothing better than getting a chance to learn more about yourself. this new software could change the way we look at others, ourselves, and even the world.