cars? everyone has one right? or at least knows someone that has one. do you ever think if cars are bad for the world? when i was younger i always wanted to have a car. do my own thing and go where ever i wanted. then growing up i heard all the bad things about them. how they hurt are environment. how the creat so much smog. they harm us everyday. thats why i think we should limit the car usage. limited are car usage right like how will beable to do what we have to. they might say im crazy for not wanting people to drive cars but in actuality im just trying to help and make the world a better place for the kids of the next generation. in a article i read paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer he tells all about how cars were making so much smog that on monday paris enforced a partial ban to clear there air of the global city. that everyone had to leave there car at home or get a ticket of  dollars. almost  drivers were fined and twenty seven had there car impounded. even in other places like germay its ether a car or house. everyone would take the house thats somewhere to lay your head every night were your kids make memories that you will forever cherish. cars there isnt know really point to them but just to drive and get somehwere. you can take a bike or even walk while at the same time helping the world and helping your self. im not saying stop using cars there so bad you will die if you use a car no. im just saying use your car when you really need to. if something is close by you just have a nice walk and enjoy the air the beauty of being outside. if your going somewhere far? take a bus it might cost a dollar or two but just think about it. you dont have to drive your not using your car and your saving the world little by liite. even encourage your friends and family memebers to do what your doing. maybe by  we would have a whole new world. we would be feeling better, breathing better. there is a endless possibilites to how better we could be. have you ever thought about being a supr hero? or helping people? for one you can stop using your car so much. then you would be everyone super hero, even mine.