would you like to join a program where you can explore and see different places? if so, you should join the  seagoing cowboys program. you should join this program becasue you can go to new and different places, you can help save people, and it will make you into a better person. to begin with, you can go to new and different places. some people may argue that going new places doesnt really do anything its not very special. however, you can explore different places and its really fun and adventurous. the author states, luke bomberger crossed the atlantic ocean  times and the pacific ocean twice to help people affecteed by the world. the author also states, but being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the world to him. im grateful for the opportunity, he says. this proves going different places is fun. additionally, you can help save people. some people may argue that doing something for a person just wastes your time. however, doing something for someone you can probaly help save their lives. the author states, to help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined togehter to form unrra. unrra hired seagoing boys to take care of the horses, young cows and mules that were shipped overseas. the author also states, by the time he was discharged in , luke had made nine trips the most of any seagoing cowboy. this proves helping save people makes you a better person and makes you start doing helpful things. additionally, you can become a better person. some people may argue that they want to stay the same person because being someone else is not the real you. however, becoming someone different can help others in a time they need you the most. the author states, helping out on his aunt katies farm as a boy had prepared luke for hard work, but not for the dangers at sea. the author also states, and that awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. this proves that being a good and caring person is very awesome. joining the seagoing cowboys program would be awesome because you can go to new and different places, help save people, and you can become a better person. if you had the chance, would you join seagoing cowboys?