the use of the facial action coding system to read the emotions of students in a class room is valuable. the facial action coding system uses science and math to predict what emotion you are experincing. this means, that one, if a student is acting up in class or falling behind you can figure issue that student is having by using this sowftware, acting up or falling behind could be an emotional issue, and two knowing what your students are feeling may help you better teach them. most students do not tell teachers why they act up or why they are falling behind. most teachers always try to help their student, but they cannot help without knowing whats wrong. the fatial action coding system allows teachers to know what students are feeling during their time of need, and it also could better enable a teacher to help them over come their problems. this technology calculates six basic emotions, happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness these emotions are always expressed when a student is falling behind, upset, or mis behaving. if a teacher better understands the emotion a student is feeling it could help that teacher help that student overcome what is happening in their life. knowing what a student is feeling when a new lesson is taught could better help a teacher teach the lesson it could also even improve a class no one likes. most students love some classes or hate some classes, but there is almost never an inbetween. if the classes students hate could get tested on with what emotion each indevidual is feeling while taking that class, could better help make the class better. using the facial action coding system you can get acurate readings for why students dislike a class emotion wise becuase the software precisly computes a d computer model of your face including all  major muscles that tell your emotion. in conclusion i belive that the technology is valuable to classrooms. it could better help how students act in a class and it could help the teacher teach the class in a way that students like and love it. this technology could revolutionize a classroom experince, teachers will finally know the why behind why you like a class. it is all based on emotion and knowing someones emotions could help solve so many everyday problems teachers have with students.