many people in the united states are becoming more and more aware of the advantages of limiting car usage. many dont find this important or feel uncomfortable adapting new customs but it is very important to limit car usage. limiting car usage contributes to many factors in cities and can also help the environment. first of all, limiting car usage contributes to the way cities, towns, or suburbs are. for example the first article carfree cities shows an example of a suburb in germany where people have given up their cars. this suburb vauban, germany, has been a success and even  percent of the people living there have sold their cars in order to live there, while  percent of vaubans families do not own cars. a media trainer, heidrn walter, said when i had a car i was always tense. i, much happier this way, and its not only her that feels this way, many otheer people in this suburb have experienced and enjoyed the nocarfeeling. also, this article states that a lowcar suburban life makes suburbs more compact and accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking. this makes living there a lot more easier and comfortable. second, limiting car usage helps the environment. according to the first article carfreecities says that passenger cars are responcible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states and that emissions from an increasing number of private cars owned by the burgeoning middle class are choking cities. these two facts show how bad cars are for the environment, and not only that, but also, cars polute the air horribly. for example, in the second article paris bans driving due to smog said that paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. this smog has affected a lot of cities as well and now one of the main goals people have is to promote alternative transportation due to this. to conclude, there are many advantages of limiting car usage and and not limiting is hurting the world. everyone should be more conciderate of their environment and limit their car usage.