the facial action coding system is a system that will construct a d computer model of the face and use muscle movements to figure out what you are communicating emotionally. with that being said, will this information given by the system be valuable in a classroom? here are my reasons why i believe it would be valuable to both the students and teacher in the classroom. in a classroom, you have a wide range of personalities. students may feel shy or uncomfortable asking questions. if a teacher asks how well the class is dealing with the subject, a student may say they are dealing well with the subject when they really are not. dr. huang says is,most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication...so computers need to understand that, too. a teacher in a classroom can understand verbal communication but maybe only slight emotional communication. having a facial action coding system facs in your computer can help it to understand the majority of what a student may really be feeling about the subject. a lot of times today classrooms are packed with students, also giving a wide range of abilities. this range of ability doesnt allow teachers time to help the struggling students. in paragraph six dr. huang says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. if we had this technology, it could help students to keep up with the rest of their class by changing how the lesson is taught depending on the individual. this technology would have the capability to figure out more easily the emotions of a student and be able to relay that back to the teacher. a teacher may think that a class is enjoying the subject based on what they say or what they act like, when in actual fact this may not be the case. according to the text, to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this technology can understand if students are not relating well with the style of teaching that is available and then make this information available to the teacher. the teacher can then look at what the students really feel like in their class, and then adapt the style or structure of class to facilitate more engagement and interaction from the students. therefore i believe that the use of this new technology would be valuable. facs would be able to help struggling students do better than they are in their subjects by changing the lesson depending on their emotions. it would be able to modify the lesson for a student so that they may more easily understand. it would be able to help teachers to understand how their students feel in the classroom and so they can more easily facilitate the students different learning styles. this system would help the whole classroom function more effectively.