technology is often pushed furiously in society today,especially when it concerns students in the classroom. when it comes down to dr. huangs innovation, facs facial action coding system which is shown and detailed in nick daltos article making mona lisa smile , which shows in the article facs has been shown to have the power to determine ones facial expressions and determine their mood. people are left in awe of the creation and many would like to see the extent of its power, which leaves people wondering whether facs should be used in the classroom or not. although the use of facs in classrooms might be difficult to implement in classrooms at first, it would be a great boon to have use of such technology in class, due to the advantages provided. if facs were to be used in classrooms, the applications and advantages provided would be numerous. one of the examples that was given in the article by dr. huang, was how facs could be used to alter the speed of a curiculum and provide feedback from the students by analyzing their emotions and expressions, by doing this the machine is able to determine whether the student or students are interested in the subject, or if they are confused or not. the data then provided adjustments could be made to the lesson to better fit the students education and help them learn better, as you can see from the statement dr. huang says,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human intstructor. . . . most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, . from what the text shows, you can see the power of the facs being able to determine and effectivily teach students based off facial expressions which give insight into whether a student understands the lesson being taught or if the student just does not understand the material nor care as a result of being bored. the use of the facial recognition software would speed up the process of students educations and would be more effective since it was specifically engineered for the purpose of analyzing patterns in human faces, versus using one instructor to relying on verbal feedback to properly understand the needs of his or her students. if the facs were to be used it would help students who need help due to the facs being able to read students emotions which are valuable since it affects their attituted towards learning and as a result of their skill. students who feel confused, angered, nonchalant, or fearful of a subject are less likely to be able to suceed in that subject, by removing and helping qualm those emotions the facs is able to sucessfully impact the qualtiy of said students educations. all in all, by using facs to analyze the emotions of students and their facial expressions, the instructor of the software its self can make adjustments to better fit the students mind and ease the negative emotions that directly impact students ability to learn. with the corelations between emotions and ability to learn, it is a no brainer that having technology analyze emotions of the students to better augment the lesson to their needs.