the use of facial action coding system is useful and valuable to read the emotional expressions of students because it will benefit and help teachers in classrooms understand what the student is truly feeling and what is going on in their mind. this technology system will be able to detect exactly how other people are feeling even when they are trying to hide their emotions. many students in class have anxiety of speaking infront of many people, fear of being wrong, and not asking questions when they dont know what is going on. they will know when and how to help students through the help of the system. another reason why facial action coding system will improve classroom environments and the learning skills of all the students is the system will let teachers know when the student is angry because when the orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens you lips to show anger. if a student is angry, the system will detect it and the teachers will know as well. anger can indicate many things in a student. something may not be okay at home or in their family. the student may have too much going on in their life. when this happens, students tend to hide their emotions and not ask for help, when in reality they do. the system would automatically give intail on the emotion to the teacher so they can offer help, guidance and support to the student and let them know that a teacher is there for them. students would not learn anything if they are too distracted or too tired. if there is a technology to read students emotional expressions, it would benefit teachers because the system will notice the emotions they might be feeling like happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and saddness... . if the teacher knows what the students true feelings are, for example boredom, this facial action coding system would help teachers know ...when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the use of facial action coding system is valuable because it helps teachers understand the feelings of their students and help their students based on their feelings. this system will improve the learning environment and decrease the levels of stress and anxiety will the help of teachers.