driverless cars would be very usefull, epecially in this generation because of all the teenagers now a days using their phones while driving, and causing accidents. a driverless car would help that problem. a driverless car would help all people ranging from all ages. the diverless car also pays closer attention to the road thatn any individual would. a driverless car in general would help people of older age as well. the driverless car would prevent teenageers and from getting into accidents. teenages now a days dont know how to stay off their phones so that causes accidents, with a driverless car the car does the driving for you all you have to do is sit there and pay attention every once in a while. the driverless car would protect the driver, especialy when they are not paying any attention to the road. with all that being said, the driverless car would pay closer attention to the road. say there might be a deer in the middle of road and the driver isnt paying any attention. the car would sense it and would stop automatically. say somehting just pops up out of nowhere, the car would know and would sense it. what the car does is it senses it and it reduces power from the engine as it is applying the breaks. that is how that works, and as technology advances this will advance as well and only get better. my final reasoning is very simple. the driverless car would help out elders who may not have the eye sight that they may have had when they where thirty years old. also people who loose their hearing, they wouldnt be able to hear certian things that might be going on around them. so the driverless car would help elders get around town a lot better than having to pay a lot of money for a driver or car sevice. some elders do no pay attention to what is going on, so as long as they would have a driverless car i think they would be good to go. with all that being said i am all for having driverless cars. they would help prevent accidents epecially with teenagers who are constantly on their phones. the car pays closer attention to the rather than and iduvidual. and finally the car would help elders get around rather than them having to pay alot of money to have a driver or alwasy use a car service. just in general i feel a driverless car would be great for everyone now a days.