even though the idea of a driverless car is ludicrous, humans continue to test it out. sergery brin has contemplated the car for awhile and has been attempting to maunfacture the vehicle. with an idea that very extravagant, the plan itself would take a long process and an expensive amount of money. though the driverless cars are being built, the vehicles arent completely driverless and still has more work to be accomplished. bin has been asked and has thought of the what the driverless car can do, but many people are conflicted about the safety of the car. over the years technology continues to develop and the driverless cars are now the newer way to entertain the hum race. google has assisted in making the car and has made it to where the human driver has to be caution. the scientists and manufactured the car to help reduce the percentage of car accidents. the car has been built to help the driver when they are in danger or when they are accelerating, about to brake, etc. when they are about to give the control to the human driver, they signal an alarm of some sort and the driver is then given the wheel. if there is a speed limit over twnetyfive mile per hour, the driver will have to keep their hands on the wheel and this will help the driver keep alert. though the car is built to help on the road and help the drivers, the car cant help with everything. drivers could happen to fall asleep or be very bored when the car is driving itself and would then cause an issue. if the situation of there being a car accident occurs, someone wouldnt know whether to press charges against the driver or against the manufacturer. the situation of pressing charges to whoever could cause a disruption amongst the people and the businesses. though the driverless car is in the process of being built, there are new ideas, situations, and ways that the car could do for the human race and the community. with only a few states to test the cars, the tests are limited to see what the cars can drive through. the question of the acr being completely driverless is still unanswered. there are new discoveries that we have yet to find out about the car when it is done and has been thoroughly been tested. technology has yet to advance with the driverless car.