in the article, my postion on driverless cars is that they need to be more attentive and cautious. some careless drivers dont pay attention when it comes to driving.it may be a car that we will have that might not let us drive at all even when your in situations. however, we still need to be attentive at all times when it comes to driving. the negative aspects of this article is that there is no point is having a driver in a driverless car. drivers would still want to drive drivers cant sit all day when it comes to riding in those driverless car. its like they are the passengers inside the car and letting the driverless car take over. in the article it says, a human driver in a safe car, is in control at all times and always attentive when on the road for their safety. even if the new traffic law does pass through, it still wouldnt do any good for the drivers in the driverless cars. people still need cars that they can drive. there would be no point in letting a car drive for you. if that happens, people could be just taking the bus to wherever their destination is. people shouldnt want those cars because they are pointless and could be dangerous. you see it on movies and television but people dont know what it really feels like in real life when you let a car take over. it will all just be too weird. i also disapprove because the only time the driver will be able to touch the wheel is when there is construction work, pulling out of a driveway, or in complicated traffic. its a very pointless car to have. why put in a lot of money in something that isnt even worth it? the article says, google cars arent truly driverless, it might as well be. drivers will only be able to touch the wheel, so does that mean that they will be in control or will the driverless car still be in control but just having the drivers hands on the wheel? in conclusion, i dont agree with these new driverless cars. especially when a new traffic law passes by, it wont be worth the wait. these cars are pointless and wont be worth your time. sure they can do a lot of things a normal car can do but, the one main thing that they cant do is have a driver in control.