wouldnt you like to take a break from having to drive all time? well maybe now you can because the driverless car period is in the near future. though the car wouldnt be completely driverless, itd still give you a small break from having to do all the driving. safety is alway the number one priority, and a smart car will deliver that. there are plenty of benefits in the making of a smart car. think about all the sensors that would need to go into a smart car. doesnt that make you feel safer just thinking about having sensors that detect and tell you when youre in danger? so far, a smart car can only steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. also, theyre all designed to notify the driver when there is a work zone or anaccident ahead so the driver can know to take control. gm has seats that vibrate when the car is in danger of being backed into an object. there are other options of danger warnings being considered as well. such as, flashing lights on a windshield and other heads up displays. yes, a smart car is not yet completely driverless. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan have plans to have cars drive on their own by . smart cars would fundamentally change the world. according to the article, google cofounder sergey brin envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system that would use half the gas of todays taxis and also offer way more flexibilty than a bus. of course we run into the agument of why would anyone buy a driverless car that would still partially require a driver. and the question of wouldnt it get boring waiting until they need to drive? sure, but think about not having to drive  of the time in a fun, new way. some manufacturers are even hoping to have incar entertainment and information systems. those systems would use headsup displays that could be instantly turned off when the driver needs to take control. in conclusion, think about all the benefits of a smart car. at the same time though, think about the downfalls. a smart car would be safe and fun for you and your family. some would argue otherwise, that a smart car is just as dangerous and itd get boring. finally, these cars are our future because there are car manufacturers that already have plans in motion.