in the world today many products that companies come out with includes innovative technology that enters the homes of millions world wide. it is technology that in the past, was only imagined on tv shows and movie screens. driveless cars are one of those technologies that has been imagined time and time again but it has yet to actually become a fully functioning reality. although, it should be and with companies like google and tesla already at the forefornt of this innovation it dosent seem too far fetched that in a few years people might just see one of those driveerless cars on the road and it would probaly benefit us as a society. the idea of a driveless car isnt new in fact  in the lat s, general motors created a concept car for it. and even though it wasnt really the car that was smarter and more of the roads the idea was still there. the only diffrences between the idea of driverless cars then and now is that the cars werent nearly as smart as cars now in which many have computers and then they most likely werent thinking about the idea of climate change which now is a huge consideration. not only would driverless cars make it easier on the driver, but it would also make it easier on the enviorment. because the car would most likely need massive amounts of energy they would also most likely be complety electric or a hybrid saving the money of the driver since they arent spending it on gas and cutting back fuel emmisions. many critics of the car would say it is unsafe to have on the road because the computer wouldnt be able to understand the traffic laws however  presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver but if the laws were altered to include driverless cars then the only issue would be faliure of the technology. however, if the cars are designed properly that would most likely be at or below the rate of human error. which means it could prevent major accidents from happening speciffically those occuring due to drunk driving. there is still a lot of time before driverless cars are realesed and is considered safe to use in america. but the idea of the future where the driver isnt actually required to do anything is excitiing. it will one less inovation that is only imagined and not reality.