technology has come so far in the past decade. once thought to be an idea straight out of science firction has now become a reality. using the technology to read emotions could be beneficial in the classroom. it could tell when a student is sad and needs help, or angry and needs to be stopped before something bad happens. either way use possible use for this technology are endless. the techology would be useful in the classoom, epecailly in high school where all sorts of emotions are runnung wild.  eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of facial muscles.  paragraph  nick dalto. eckmans technology uses d modles of the human face and can calculate which expression it has by using the facial muscle groups. each different emotions uses a different muslce in the face, so the computer would be able to see which emotion is paired with what mucle group. this would be extremly beneficial in school, because schools are now becoming more advanced with each student having their own personal laptop. the software could be preinsatlled on the computer before being handed out, and moniter the students emotion when using it. the technology of being able to read emotions could also help a student when learning. now that schools are becoming more personal, some teachers are even doing their classes online.  if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different  paragraph . the internet changes to you emotion, and according to dr. huang schooling will to. the face reading software could detect when a student is bored or confused, then the lesson could be modified. changing the lesson when the student is confused or bored could really help the student pass the class. when people are bored or confused, nothing sticks they just forget, so the purpose of reading emotions could be very benefical in school. as humans, we already have the ability to tell what emotion a person is feeling just by looking at their face. but as humans, we also have the ability to lie about our emotions, and sometimes, we are fooled by false emotions. however, eckmans program can detect and read through forced emotions. forced emotions uses differerent muscles than the natural emotons.  to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful.  paragraph  at school, this technolgy could be used to read past a persons fake smile, and determine wheather the student needs help and support. when we smile naturally we use the zygomatic major that lift the corners of our mouth, and the obicularis oculi ake the crows feet in our eye brows. when we do a force smile, we still use the zygomatic major but the mouth is stretched sideways and we use another muscle, the risorius. in a time where all sorts of drama occur, false emotoins are sure to sprout up. so the ability to read emotions would be viable in school. technology has always helped us from time to time. we use technology to get around places, manufacturing goods or escaping danger. but the technology to read human emtion truly is something special, and this technology would be valaubale to the classroom.