using this technology to read emotional expressions on students in a classrooom is not valuabe, because students and pretty much every human has a right to and does require their own personal space. personal space is something that might be broken by trying to aquire students feelings and emotions through a laptop. hypothetically speaking , when your friend is upset you can see this emotion clear as day, and if you ask them whats wrong and you dont get a response, you may ask around to see if anyone knows, but hopefully youd never try and put their face into a computer and try to read their emotions. another value to the everyday human that would be broken is privacy. the mona lisa might have been able to be read because it was a painting of what a young lady was feeling like eons ago, so it couldnt tell you if it wanted to be read or not, but a human being should have the right to express their emotions out loud or keep it to themselves, depending on how they feel about. using a computer to tell their emotions just totally breaks all the rules to privacy, especially when its being performed by a teacher or other students, which in hand would also waste time in the classroom. i say time would be wasted in the classroom, because the paragraph states that in order for the computer to know how youre feeling, it first has to make a d model of your face, and then it has to do its calculations on fortyfour of your facial muscles. this generally is not a one, two, three done process. this process takes time to scan everything needed and then produce results, which means instead of using your time in class to learn and prepare for standardized tests, youre worried and focusing on scaning someones emotions which can change within the next hour. all together i believe that gettinf technology to read emotions in classrooms would be a waste of time and money, and most importantly a violation against human rights. if you want to help your friend whos upset in school, then try to talk to them or give them space, but besides that, lets give the fancy emotional technology to the doctors and people in that field of work and keep school school.