what happens if earth ever becomes inhabitable? well, often reffered to as earths twin venus, might just come in handy. but theres a small problem. we only know a small amount about venus from the numerous amounts of spacecraft we have sent there. sadly they could not get much information before venuss heat runined them. no spacecaft has survived the landing for more than a few hours. so, what are the risks we need to take to find out more about venus? well the author of the challege of exploring venus answers exactly that. the challenge of exploring venus states that venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide along with the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the planets surface tempatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than earths. as you can see it is extremly diffiuclt to find out more about this planet without potentionaly getting hurt or sending a drone up there to get deystroyed. nasa may have came up with a soulution though. the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. it would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. it would still be hot but about  degrees cooler. the air pressure would be close to earths sea levels. but will all of this allow scientists to find out what they need to about earths twin? even with scientists being safe above the fray scientists still cant take picture or pick up samples of rocks, gas, or anything else, from a distance. scientists are still trying to figure out a way that would allow them to do so. researchers are working on innovations that would allow nasas machines to last long enough to where they can find out what they need. they have some ideas for exaple, they are looking at simplified electronics made of silicon carbide and old technology used back in world war two. but they will do whatever they can to learn more about this amazing planet to see if its of any use to us. sometimes risks should be taken if the outcome could be greater. in this case it is. if scientists can learn more about this planet then they can find out if we can use it in the future. everyone is willing to take this risks if it means we can potentionally find a new home in case we ever need it.