cars are a basic need for people today we use them to go from point a to point b in the fastest way posible. but one must ask themselves do i really need the car?, would i be better off without one?, how do you tell people that what they have depended on for movement could be hurting them. i believe that cars should have a limited usage in cities because cars affect our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas, they cause smog to form around cities, and cause us to move through life at the fastest pase posible. a limited car usage would change the way we see the world its beauty, its adventersm, and we would be able to save the world from our distruction. there is a community in germany called vauban where people have given up their cars.  of vaubans families do not own cars,  sold their cars just to move to vauban, when i had a car i was always tense, im much hapier this way, media trainer and mother of two heidrun walter says in the artical in german subuerb, life goes on without cars,. also the artical states that passenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and responsible for up to  in the united states. vauban houses up to , resident within a rectangular square mile, which makes it posibly the most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life, stores are placed just a short walk away so that no car is needed. smog a thick layer of black fog that hurts your lungs and can even kill you. paris had to ban driving due to smog , cars with even numbered license plates would not be allowed to drive one day and the following day cars with odd numbered license plates would not be allowed to drive. , drivers were fined according to reuters and  people had their cars impounded due to their reaction to the fine. this statement from the artical paris bans driving due to smog, show that cars are responsible for a gas that can kill people, and that people dont respond well to being told what to do. in one week the ban was lifted because the smog had cleared enough but not all the way, just a week of limited car usage cleared the skys imagin what a year of it would do. cars have us going the fastest we can and people have started to live that way through life. in bogota they have a day free of cars every years like its a holiday. people left their keys on the counter and insted hiked, biked, skated and took the bus. even in the rain people didnt use their cars,  the rain hasnt stopped people from participating, says bogata mayor antanas mockus. businessman carlos arturo plaza says  its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,. the quotes from the artical  car free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, show that with out cars people feel realeved of stress and are able to have a good time. in conclusion limited car usage would help us presurve the world and create a enviroment that could help people aswell. cars are one of the most used products in the world people might not want to give up their cars but eventually might have to. smog and greenhouse gas are caused by car overuseage and hurt the enviroment and people. limited car usage is posably the only answer to helping the world live longer aside from buying a hybrid car.