venus is often referred to as earths twin planet because of the many similarities between both planets. although, venus may be a great planet for humans to live in there are many limitations when it comes to the planets surface. venus has been known to be a suitable planet for humans because its size and density are alike to those of earth. along with being the closest to earth in distance venus has also been very difficult to study. none the less venus should continue to be studied in order to find more comparisons between both earth and venus. as the author explains, earth and venus have many similarities that would have allowed for venus to be hospitable. it is stated that  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth. paragraph  this section from the passage explains how venus could have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. not only did venus have oceans but it now has various surfaces that are alike to those on earth. venus has valleys, mountains, and craters that are easily compared to those on earth. demostrating how these planets can be compared helps the author support his claim by giving detail as to why nasa should continue studying venus. since both planets show many comparisons venus could be considered our planetary visit however, not only are there various similarities but there are also numerous limitations as to why the planet venus is inhabitable. although, both planets can sustain life there are various differences that demostrate why the planet venus is incapable of doing so. as the author states in paragraph  there is a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. making it very difficult for any light to enter the planet. not only will the planet be dark it will also have high temperatures reachign  degrees fahrenheit. it is also stated that  beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes,powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. many of these limitaions described by the author are similar to those we have on earth however, they are more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. paragraph  in the challenge of exploring venus  it is stated that although venus has many dangerous aspects astronomers are still debating on future visits to its surface. astronomers are doing all possible research to find a way to get to venus and study it because, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited bby dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginations and innovation. paragraph  in general further studies on venus could allow nasa to gather more knowledge and explore more planets that could be similar to earth. overall, the author does a good job supporting his idea on why nasa should continue to study venus despite the dangers it presents. the author fully explains the reasons why we should continue the studies by explaining the countless similarities both earth and venus contain. not only does he explaint he reason why we should continue but he also describes the dangers that could be encountered while attempting to study the planet. in the end the author states numerous solutions that could be used to hava a safe and scientifically productive misison.