some people like to imagine the unreal, so when a mysterious face figure was spotted on cydonia the public blew up. outsiders, some of them at least, thought it had something to do with aliens and a conspiracy theory, but nasa didnt seem to agree and thought it was nothing but a landform and a picture taken at the right time. even thought the figure does seem quite mysterious doesnt mean its and acient alien artifact. becuase of technlogy and how cameras dont always capture what really there. for instance, ever taken a picture of a sunset and the colors didnt look the exact same as they did in person, well, this might be the same case. the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. the camera might have taken the picture in a way that the human eye couldnt see. it might have added extra, or inhanced shadows making it look like a face. youd also have to think about the angle the picture was taken in. maybe in person from a different angle it looked like nothing but a rock, but when a picture is taken and the shadows have changed it looks like a real face with eyes, a nose and even a mouth. meanwhile back down on planet earth some people may be going insane and think that this has something do to with aliens and a conspiracy theory. there is no proof that the landform has anything to do with aliens except for its odd shape. since there is no known life on cydonia people dont know what type of strange weather or temperature changes they couldve had that effected the shape of it. people tend to think what they want to believe and not look at the facts. they like to ignore whats really there and think what they want to think to create some type of excitment in their life. it has starred ina hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years. then when a small amount of people started to think this had something to do with aliens more people started to believe also, and thats when it went viral. however, since no one has been down to see the strange landform nobody can confirm that it is either just a landform or an alien artifact. and it is a strange looking figure and sort of unexplainable so i can see why people first thought it had to do with a conspricy theory. but there are more reasons for it to be nothing but a landform rather than an artifact. the best thing to do is look at the facts and not believe what you want to believe just because it is exciting. in conclusion, as exciting as it would be for this is odd looking figure to be, or have anything to do with aliens, its nothing but a landform that looks like an alien face. and because of technolgy and peoples creative minds its features were inhanced and made to look real. you can think what you want and believe what you want, but look at the facts, it was nothing but a mere photographed mistake.