some futurists imagine a time in the future where nobody has cars. everybody gets to where they need to be in self driving taxis. now think, a car that can drive itself. that sounds absurd, unsafe, impossible. well companies such as, google, general motors, and bmw, have been trying to make computerdriven cars since before . in my opinion, all of these companies are wasting their time. at this moment traffic laws say the only safe car has a human, of age, driver controlling it. as a result states such as, california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia, oppose even testing computerdriven car. computerdriven cars are going to have to be approved by all the states and state driving laws will have to be changed. another reason i believe we should not have driverless cars is because of all the time and money it is going to take. first of all engineers and futurists have this far. in the late s, general motors created a car that could run on a special track.the track was filled with electrical cables and wires that sent radio signals to a reciever on the car. engineers later tried something similiar, they used magnets with alternating polarity. which is sort of like under traffic lights. these roads worked pretty well, but they would require tons of upgrading to all existing roads, and is way too expensive, it is not even feesible. since smart roads were out of the question engineers turned to smarter cars. to make cars smart enough to dive themselves they would need alot of sensors and computer hardware, video cameras, automotive radar sensors, and gps recievers, embedded in the car itself. all of these sensors and automotive gadgets are going to be very costly and time consuming to install. in , bmw made a car that drives itself but has special touch sensor to make sure that the driver is still holding on to the steering wheel. the car can steer, accelerate, and brake itself but is designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skilld, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. so although the car is driving itself the driver must stay alert and be ready to take the wheel when needed. if this is as far as technologuy has come who would want a driverless car thath still needs a driver? why would one want to sit at the wheel and watch the car drive? wouldnt that be boring? some manufactures hope to make it fun by putting in, incar entertainment and information systems. if you have a television, game system, computer, or whatever entertainment is provided for you, how are you going to be prepared to take over the car when needed? nowadays it is illegal to even talk on the phone while driving much less watch a television show or play a video game. so incar entertainment sounds completely unsafe to me. therefore i do not think we should use all our time and money to create a driverless car when you can easily drive yourself and family where ever you want to go.