limiting car usage can have many beneficial outcomes for the environment around us. avoiding car usage will drastically lower greenhouse gas emissions in the atmosphere, cut pollution in big cities, and make rushhour easier for human beings. the first thing that decreasing car usage will do is that it will lower our greenhouse gas emissions. in source  in german suburb, life goes on without cars, by elisabeth rosenthal, rosenthal explained that because automobiles are very neccessary to middleclass families all around the world,it is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes.... without cars there wouldnt be so many greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and globalwarming could be evaded much easier. according to source  the end of car culture, by elisabeth rosenthal, rosenthal again shows information which states that, because recent studies suggest americans are using fewer cars, president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in american behavior. with less and less americans getting licenses and buying cars, greenhouses gases will start plummeting at a faster rate than ever before. also, lowering the use of cars will decrease pollution in big cities which are usually sorrounded by clouds of smoke. from the information in source  paris bans driving due to smog, by robert duffer, duffer said that because of the amount of congestion in the city of paris, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. paris could have easily avoided the ban on driving if they stopped using cars so much, which would in turn decrease the amount of pollution in the sky. there was a similar situation in source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky, where in bogota, colombia the government created a carfree day where no cars were used at all and people like carlos arturo plaza, a businessman, said that its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,. another big city is lowering their amount of pollution as well just because they are using cars less. in addition, an environment less reliant on automobiles creates easier traffic and a more relaxing road to travel upon. in source , a media trainer and mother of two called heidrun walter, recalled that when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,. now, more people wont have the same stress they had in the morning when they had to worry about the amount of cars on the road. in source , selsky explained that the new carfree day will be leaving the sreets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. without the everyday clutter of cars, streets will easily be more open and easier to drive upon. although limiting car use seems a bit distant at the moment and very hard to accomplish all around the world, with less cars there will be less greenhouse gases, pollution, and traffic on the road.