yes i am for technology to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom. the reasonn why i said yes is because. kids have changed, we dont like certain stuff, teachers think the kids are feeling good in class but on the inside could be the devil and god fighting. the world is changing the future of america, and the schools should do something about it. imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. from the article. us kids sit in a building for  hours and  minutes. there is no excuse for a kid to feel like he is forced to come to school. school should feel like home, it should be a place to go to get away from bad things in your life. me personally, i dislike school, yeah we learn the material but not everybody learns the material. some people come here just so they have food in their stomachs. some kids come here for relationships. some kids come to school for fun. thats wrong. kids should come to learn. learn different ways learn life materials, learn how to work with people, learn how to be great citizens. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson like a effective human instuctor. from the article. i love my education . but i love my country more. the way i look at school is disgusting a descrace. the people that gave this stupid test. should get fired. istep shouldnt determine if i graduate. it shouldnt detemine if im smart or not. it shouldnt be based on a national level. it should be a state thing. you know why? let me tell you why. the stuff i learn in geometry and in english. are not on istep. this test is basically a test that we dont study for, and it really does suck that this test determines if i graduate. its unfair. hopefully you take what i said to the heart and look at what america is in  to  years. because this technology would change everything. teachers would understand there students more. teachers would grow that fathermother role to the students. kids would feel more comfortable with there teachers knowing how they feal. thank you for taking your time to reading my essay.