im against the devolpment od the driveless cars. im against it because they can cause car accidents , people wouldnt be responsible with the cars , and also people wouldnt care about the laws that were made for those type of cars. they would think that the rues are just ther eto be ther.i mean if most people dont follow the rules of the road we have now why would they follow the rules for the driveless car. so thats how i feel about the whole driveless car situation. those my reasons why im against the driveless car and im going to explain them. my first why im against the drivelss cars is because they will cause more car accidents then there already are. such aqs they have something to let the driver know that they have to take over now but what if that person was busy doing whatever they were doing to get that warning and they crash into another car or something.also what if the warning is defective and the person doesnt get it is and they run nto a work rosd block. also what if the person have the music all the way up and not even paying attention to whats going on around them to notice. so thats why i think the driveless cars can cause more car accidents then there already is in theis country. my next reason for why im against the driveless cars are people wouldnt be responsible forwith the cars. some people would do this that are very reckless and dangerous. these cars can have major glitches in them and some people wouldnt even care about it. also they do get into some trouble with the car then they would blame it on how the manufacturer made the car. which i think is unfair you cant blame the car for how you drive or how you control it. thats my second reason why im against driveless cars. my third and final reason for why im against drivelss cars is that people wouldnt folow the laws made for the car and they would think the car does everything for them. like most drivers break the law everyday. so most people would do that with the driveless cars. that how most people will get hurt in the process. imagine a drunk driver behind the wheel of the driveless car ,and it time to take control of the wheel because the car cant do that itself. that perspn is in danger to hisher self and evrybody else thats on the road with that person. it so many laws that person can break and thats alot of danger in one car.thats my third and final reason why i think driveless cars would be good for the nation. those are all my reason as to why i think that driveless cars are a very bad idea. they will more dangerous than a regular car today will be. so i dont think they need to be out on the road in the hands of some careless people. so thats why im against driveless cars.