the smile of the mona lisa has eluded people for centuries. the slightly smug look suggests an emotion that not many people can detect. luckily, there appears to be a software that can detect ones emotion based off of the facial movements one makes.the software was developed by dr. huang of the beckman institute, and there could be so many uses that this technology could be applied to. one such example is the classroom, where teachers will know when a student is becoming confused or bored. however, one must ask the questions that this technology brings. in essence, this software is not useful, applicable or effective inside of the classroom because of the cost of the software, the intrusion of privacy, and a host of other problems. computing technology could have the ability to be useful inside of the classrom, just not this kind. the first point that would make teachers unsure is the cost of the software. in the article, there is no mention of the cost of the newly developed software. there are numbers, indeed, but they are simply percentages or single numbers. based on what the article said, one could assume that the cost of this technology would be high. this would not be a very effective tool for an average american school, but the tech could be applied to richer schools or universities. secondly, the software is an intrusion of privacy in the school. although most public schools are indeed public places where civilians expose themselves, it also has a private element to it. think of it as a small shard of individuality and alone time, like when one is at lunch. the software, if mounted on a camera or a tripod, would be able to observe every single student and every emotion in the room. schools do need safety, indeed , but the use of this technology in an academic situation just seems proposterous. an alternative use would be to use this technology in hospitals, where nurses could percieve the emotion of patients, and whether they are in pain or not. although the technology developed by dr. huang and his colleagues is certainly impressive, the use of it in a school enviroment seems odd and misinformed. schools are still meant to be relatively private places where people can feel safe and secure. the costs of this technology is unknown, but it is likely that it is not cheap. artificial intelligence is meant to be used as efficiently as possible, and although scientists do have free reign on what they use this software for, applying it in schools is not the best way to make use of it.