do you think technology reading your emotion is valuable? in this esaay im going to be talk about three things do i think using technology to read your emotional expression is valuable, what are some pros and cons of this technology, and lastly will this change the your behaivor. what are your thoughts of facial reconition? do it think using technology to read your emotional experssion is valuable? i think it could be valuable but also its not really needed. if you watch youtube a lot then you might like it because if you dont like the ad you can frown and the next time you wont watch the same ad and you might like that ad. do you think it is valuable or a waste of time and money? what are pros and cons about this technology? there are many pros and cons of this like how much it could cost and if it will even work. i have mixed feeling about this. i think it could be useful when you watch a lot of videos because you wont be watching the same ad over and over again. it could also be useful because it could communicate with you and help you out when you are sad by playing a funny video are give you a couple jokes. it could change your day from a bad day into a good day. there are some cons too. i think this would cost a lot of money and would take a long time to make every thing perfect. if they make one computer work that solution that you came up with the last one might mot work for a different computer. also if they finally figure the system out then it will be costly to buy it. i wouldnt by a expensive computer if all that is different is that it tells if you like an ad or not. i think it is a waste of money. also since this technology has an video imagery, i think that a stocker could easly hack into this and stock people. do you think that this is a waste of money or do you think this is a good idea? would this technolgy change your behavior? according to the artical it said it that it will change someones feeling or emotion. i think that it could change your behavior because it wont show the same ad over and over. i think that if this emotion recognize didnt work then i would be mad people you wasted a lot of money on this technology. would your behavior change if you had this kind of technology? what would you do with this kind of technology? in this essay i talked about three things do i think technology reading you emotion is valuable, pros and cons of this technology, and lastly would this change your behavior. would you buy this technology?