exploring venus is very dangerous considering the harsh conditions you would face when entering its territory. the author supports the idea that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents in this article. the author says the planet it much like earth. the callenge of exploring venus gives plenty reasons that could result in safe ways to explore this planet resulting in a big enough reason to further reasearching the planet. venus is alike earth in many ways. the author states that, ...it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus had oceans, rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. researching this planet and getting information on this planet in very important because it will lead to many other things to explore in the future. if scientists are going to get hands on studying, there has to be a safe way to conduct a trip to the planet. there are many ways that nasa could get humans there safely. the author says a possible soulution would be getting a float to hover over venus to observe the atmosphere and get photgraphs and videos. because the extreme conditions of high heat an pressure have to be counted in on this, the float would make the conditions survivable. the author also adds that getting mechanical computers could also help in researching venus. these decvices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. the device that the author is talking about could help because they are flexible to pressure, heat, and other forces that would be placed when on venus. the author adding evidence that shows there could be ways to get around the conditions means that there is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers the planet presents. in paragraph , the text says, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts bust should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. the author says that eventhough there are dangers, humankind should still fulfill their curiosity in this topic.