do you think technology is helping the future generation? yes, i think technology is valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom. it can help you with your school work, tell what you are feeling at that given time, and it can help scientist into developing more scientific inventions for the future. a lot of people dont like technology because it takes the old inventions away from the new inventions. in my opinion, i think its very helpful for this generation because we can teach people older than us more new develpoed thoughts and processes for the future ahead of us. first, technology can help students in the classroom because of their emotional face expressions. in the article dr. huang predicts, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. for example, if you smile the computer will put a similar subject on the page, if you frown the computer will change the topic. instead of students telling the teachers they are bored in the classroom, the computer will know and it will try and help the student out so they arent so bored. second, technology can be like a friend to us. todays technology is so advanced that if we need to ask questions, we can ask our phones and they will give us the answers. friends can tell what you are feeling just by the facial expreesions that people give off on their faces. thats what the computer is trying to do in order to help people out. third, technology is what we use in our everyday lives. people are finding new ideas and ways to make technology even bigger and better so its easy for us to use. new inventions are being thought of everyday. this is an invention that has been thought of and brought for us to try out and it might not be in generations for long but it can help us learn a lot about ourselves and how we feel. technology is there for you so its easier and youre no so stressed out when trying to do things in life. in conclsuion, i think technology is valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom because it can help with school work, what you are feeling, and it can help the people around you. the future will be good for the next generations if we plan everything out now and figure what we want to do in order to succeed. i got all my information from the article called making mona lisa smile.