essay automibiles are the linchpin of suburbs, whremiddle class families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes. and that experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes... passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. according to the text, it was the third straight year cars have benned with only buses and cars in this caipital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. many companies create car to resude gas emissions for the cars . but americans love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. when adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the united stated states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter, according to analysis by doug shorts of adivisor perpesctives, an investment research company.part of the explanation certainly lies in the recession, because cashstrapped americans could not efford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway. if the patternpersists and many sociologists belive it willit will have beneficials implications for carbon emissions and the eviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of americans emissions, just behind power plants. but it culd have negative implications for the car industry. example from the text he and she have similiar observations about their childrens.they  and  have not bothered to get get a drivers license, even thouugh they both live in places where one could come in handy, they are interested, but its not a priority. they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or carpool with friends.also whether menbers of the millennial generation will stars buying more cars once they have kids to take to soccer practice and school plays remains an open question. but such projections,even if car buyers are merely older or buying fewer cars in lifetime rather than rejecting car culture. in conclusion the car is use for many resons , many people use like a transport many compny create cars that help enviveroment.