in a classroom, there is a group of students who arrive to learn to class from their teacher almost everyday during the school year. although. as students arrive and begin to seat themselves into their assigned seats and reach for the supplies for the class, they suddenly turn to something else that attracts their attention. the effort teachers make to ensure the lesson of their class is not only educational but is most importantly interactive and captivating for the students. yet, some teachers arent fully aware of what their class in pondering or feeling about a lesson being presented in a way that is not so expressive. thats when using the new technology of professor thomas huang is most effective for the education of the future generations its called the facial action coding system. this promising technology is not only able to be used by students of professor thomas huang, but schools across the country! the facial action coding system could be a life changing piece of equipment could most certainly save the lives of students. most of all, the many families could be informed of what their childs performance is like based on the daily emotions calculated by such advance technology. the facial action coding system is able to provide specific intel on how a person feels, by the computer installed the program, studying all fourty four muscles of a humans facial features. it is able to distinguish the emotions of happiness, surprise, anger, digust, fear, and sadness. during a class, a teacher might only be able to detect the current emotion a student feels when they study a students facial expression. above all else, what if the student is acting to be happy just so others wont worry about him or her? this software is able to trace each emotion almost exactly to where teachers can keep up with their students emotional state. for example, if a student had an occurence they considered rather alarming, their teachers would be able to understand more about whats causing them to act differently in class. the ability of this new technology would be able to ensure that all students are able to perform in their school without feeling overwhelmed by activities and personal issues outside of class. students who are facing emotional dilemas could be able to work more calmly once their own teacher is aware of their students true feelings. meanwhile, there are students who face issues being able to focus in class. in most morning classes, students may have the chance of not having had enough sleep, overslept, or not even having breakfast in the morning hours. then, their first lesson of the school day arrives and their mind isnt paying attention to what they are expected to learn. in addition, the lesson being presented by their teacher may be confusing or completely uninteresting. the article states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, nick dalto, . this clearly shows that the technology by professor huang is able to even detect the students troubled emotion while being a learning environment. also, with the assistance of this promising software, teachers benefit from this in two ways. the first advantage would be seeing their students excel because of an improved lesson. the second then ensuring that students are interacting and feeling that they are understanding what their teacher is instructing them to learn. its an overall victory for both students and teachers. the matter of mixed emotions is sometimes a much more difficult thing to see. people are all different and others when they see something for the first time, theyll believe when they see others saying what theyve seen. then, there are others who think that the recognition of mixed emotions is pure confusion. to add on to that, the facial action coding system isnt like that at all. within the article, it states, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression not smiling as broadly and  using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movements, nick dalto, . what people must take away from this critical reveal is this technology is prospering to bring others to see what they couldnt see before. the identification of mixed emotions by the use of video imagery. also, as well as the comparision against a neutral face or a face that shows no emotion, which is later stated on. the value of this technology is beyond the imaginations of todays society. it would be able to bring new discoveries of emotions in of the daily lives of people. the collection of emotions would bring people together to understand one another better. better yet, this software can connect relatives because they are now aware of the other persons overall emotional state. the realization of a persons emotions is something that is not normal, its completely extraordinary. professor huangs technology is in the path to changing lives of people. in the situation of politics, not a single person from the democratic or republican side can come to agreement. you may ask, why?, but the solution to this conflict is quite clear. people cant come to fully understand one another. without a person coming to a basic understanding of someone elses emotions, neither one will ever come to agree with each other. if team work makes the dream work then allow each side to see the emotions of other people with the assitance of the facial coding system, thatll occur within no time at all because of its incredible reading of an humans expressive actions.