is it really worthy to spend a life time just to see venus? in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author supports the idea of studying venus is a worthy pusuit despite the danger because theres a safe conditions, its not easy to go to venus and explore but its a worthy timimg and nasa working on making a mechanical computers. first reason of how the author supported his idea of studying venus is worthy by telling the reader about the saftey confitons that are avalible. according to the article it stated nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow seientists to float above the fray another qoute is a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way these two quotes are explaing the saftey conditions that are avalible for those who wants to explore venus. another reason of how the supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is by explaing its not easy and telling us that peering at venus provide only limited insight on ground conditions. according to the article the author stated  however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions beacouse most of light cannot penetrate the sense atmosphere, rendering standard froms of photography and videography ineffective another quote is not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. these two qoute expalined how the author support the idea of the text beacouse hes telling us what it takes and how. finally, the author supported the idea of studying venus is worthy pursuite despit the dangers by telling us about the new invintation of the mechanical computers. according to the text, the author stated nasa is working on other approaches to study venus anthoer quote is another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers these two quotes means that new stuff coming up to make it easier and safer to vist venus just like the author idea of studying venus. in conclusion, the author supported the idea of studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by explaining to the reader in the article that theres a safe conditions, its not easy but worthy and finally by telling us about the new invitions to make it easy and safe visit to venus. so venus might be a worthy spending time to go see!