in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because it could become our new home. venus is often referred as earths twin, as its similar in density and size, and the closest in distance to earth. humans have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on venus and were unmaned for a good reason as the spacecrafts can only survive for a few hours after landing. the planet venus is challenging to study but we humans want to learn more about it. venus was once an earth like planet, can be the nearest option for a planetary visit, and be studied with new ideas. venus was once an earth like planet in our solar system. venus was probably covered largely with oceans long ago. the planet venus would have most likely been able to support life. today, venus still has some analogous feature like valleys, mountains, and craters. as though venus was a earth like planet and no longers supports life it still is a planet that scientist want to study. as the knowledge of this planet is unknown. venus can be our first planetary visit in the near future. nasa has a compelling idea for sending scientist to study venus, nasa is thinking of scientist to float above the fray. they are thinking of having a blimplike vehicle to hover above  or so miles in the roiling venusian. a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the dangerous ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. although these is an option it would be difficult to study venus as most light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere and scientist cant go down there and get rock samples. venus is an interesting planet to study but it will be difficult to even see the surface. nasa is trying to study venus by using simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber that simulates the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for about three weeks. another project that will allow the study of venus is looking back at old technology called mechanical computers, this devices were envisioned in the s and were used during world war ii. those computers uses gears and levers to make calculations and dont require electronics. mechanical parts are more resistent to pressure, heat, and other forces. this ideas can be used to study the planet venus. venus is worthy of been studied as it resembles earth in many ways and the closest to us. venus is similar in density and size and has similarities to earth. as humans sent numerous unmanned spacecrafts they have only lasted a few hours after their landing. as we humans want to study the planet venus we come up with ideas to study it. although venus is the closest our knowledge is very little but we know it was once an earth like planet that could have supported life.