have you ever seen the really bright star in the night sky? that piont is is actually a planet called venus. often venus is seen as the earths twin in terms of density, size and things. even tho it is very similar many scientists have problms with studying and examining the planet closely. in this actricle, the author explains why that is the case and how nasa wants to change that. the first aspect that the author talks about is the difficult conditions that people have to face on the venus and he explains the reasons why scientists have problems studying the planet. he uses important data like the atmosphere of venus containimg almost  percent carbon doixide and clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere that would make it really hard to survive and breath for humans. and such as the planets surface temperature has an average of over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than the pressure on the earth. furthermore the author explains why those conditions would make it almost impossible to send humans to that planet and the author gives examples that are easier to imagine like the liquifying of metals. besides explaining the condotions the author also shows the reasons why humans want to examine the planet venus. he uses reaserch to state that it could be possible that venus has had existing life such as the earth. to underline that he describes the geographic view of the planet and compared it to the earths geographic view. he lists similarties such as a rocky surface ans familiar features such as valkeys, mountains, and craters. the last point that the author makes and that supports the authors idea thst studyung venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is that the author explains the research that the nasa has been doing to figure out a way to examine venus closely and find out more information about that planet. for example it states thta nasas possible solition to the difficult conditions on the surface of venus is to find a way to allow scientists to float above the fray. moreover it lists thta nasa is also working on some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide thta would stand the pressure and heat of venus. all in all the author supports his idea really good by talking about different points such as the explaining of the conditions on that planet, the explaining of the difficulties that humans would face on venus, the listing of reasons why scientists want to examine ans study venus and last but not least the explaining of the actions that nasa has made to find a way to solve the current problems on the planets surface.