in the challenge of exploring venus, the author does a good job of portraying how venus is worth being studied despite its dangers. they talk about the different dangers in studying venus, and they also talk about why it is so interesting and why it would be worth studying further. the author shows this through the text because they clearly state why venus is considered so dangerous and also why it is so interesting. for example, in paragprah , a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide...clouds of corrosive sulfuric acid...temperatures average over  degress fahrenheit...atmospheric pressure is  times greater that what we experience on our own planet. these are some examples of the dangers that are presented when trying to study venus. despite the dangers, venus would be worth looking into because it provides new information and a greater knowledge of what environments are like on other planets, for example, in paragraph , venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. these are some examples of why we should look more into venus because it has similar features to earth and it is interesting to figure out why or how they are similar. the author proves their point by explaining that these dangers could potentially be worked around. in paragraph , some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditons. this is showing that while venus may be very dangerous to observe, there are advanced technologies out there that can lower the risk that comes with studying this planet. as the author stated in paragraph , our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagaination and innovation. what the author is trying to get across in this line, is that we should not limit ourselves or limit how much we can know or see solely based on something being too dangerous, when there are innovations out there to make it possible. these are some of the examples of how the author demonstrates his ideas on why we should study venus despite the dangers that it presents. the author did a good job presenting his ideas, as shown in the text and examples provided.