to begin with, the development of driveless cars is going to have a really well efficent outcome in the future. first off, in the article it talked about how driving a driverless car would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. secondly, the article explains how there hasnt been a crash when driving a driverless car. lastly, the driver who drives a driveless car would also have the opportunity to drive the car when there is an accident ahead, or when there is a traffic jam. first off, in the article, it talked about how driving a driverless car would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibilty than bus. this option would be excellent for the people who have a job far away from where they live. therefore, they wouldnt have to waste time getting up early in order to go to the gas station to load gasoline, because their driverless car would safe more gasoline than what cars today do. people would also save more money and wouldnt have to worry about it. by driving a driverless car, the conductor wouldnt have to worry about going anywhere because the driverless car can drive any destination at the speed up to  mph, that it if you own a bmw. secondly, the article explains how there hasnt been a crash when driving a driverless car. this is a wonderful benefit and relief because with less car accidents, there would be fewer people getting injured and less problems with the police. also, if driving a driverless car means there would be fewer accidents, that also means that the roads wouldnt be a chaos and people will be able to get to where they need to arrive in a much safer and faster way. in that case, people would be allowed to drive with no hesitation since the cars can steer, accelerate, brake themselves, and are designed to inform the conductor when the road ahead requires for a human to take control. lastly, the driver who drives a driverless car would also have the opportunity to drive the car when there is an accident ahead or when there is a traffic jam. for example, if the driver is talking on the phone or is not paying attention to what is occurring ahead of them, the driverless car has the right equipment to warn the driver when a problem occurs, as implied in the article. as mentioned in the article, gm has developed drivers seat that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing up into an other object. therefore, there would be less injuries and less problems. in conclusion, the driverless cars have a great future ahead of them. first off, driving a driverless car would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus. secondly, there would be a greater chance that there would be less crashes and accidents. lastly, driving a driverless car would allow the driver to take control of the vehicle if the car requires human control.