what do you guys think about venus ? is it a cool planet ? , is it so dangerous how people tend to say ? or is it just an intersting planet? well i personally think this planet is very intersting! this author explained so much about venus even things that i didnt know. the author claims that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents in other words that venus is really amazing planet to learn about even though it does have dangerous cons. in the passage the author claims that venus is sometimes called the evening star thats such a intersting name since its actually a planet. the author states that its called the evening star because venus is the second planet from our sun. the author also tells us in the passage that venus is often reffered to as earths twin because venus is closest to earth in desity and size. isnt that something great to know about venus ? since its so close to our earth where we all live. in paragraph  the author states that they have sent many spacecraft to land on venus , but no spacecraft has survied the landing for more than few hours. which makes it such a difficult planet for us humans to study. this is one of the cons about venus. the dangers that venus has are oddly shocking. the tempetures in venus average over  degrees. venus is a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide. the atmosphere presure is  times greater than what us humans ever experince the atuthor states. what bad con about venus is that it has the hottest surface temperture of any planet. venus is also very dangour because it has erupting valcanos , strong earthquakes , and very often lighting strikes . the craziest part is that reserachers cannot talk samples of rock , gas or anthing else , from a distance these are very horrible risk there are many pros and cons about venus.yes venus is a very dangerous plant and has many cons.venus has many pros too.its a very intersting planet though.after evaluating the authers passage he is right.venus is a worthy pursuit despite all its dangers.