could a computer become the next version of a mood ring? using the facial action coding system or facs in school would and wouldnt be valuable. this is because a teacher would be able to change their lesson according to emotions felt by the class, the may be able to guess which students will act up, or the classroom might already be in a good state of mind. could a computer become the next version of a mood ring? in schools students are either eager to learne or arent. for example in an english class a teacher is able to tell which students like the subject and those who dont. the facs is able to do the exact same thing and more. in the article it talks about the computer being capable of reading the  major muscles in a human face to determine someones feelings. in a classroom that could become very valuable to teachers. during a lesson the computer could detect boredom on students faces and then the teacher could change her lesson to make it more interesting. could a computer become the next version of a mood ring? during a school day there are many students who get in trouble. with facs school officals could predict who will act out during a given school day. there are a significant amount of students who are given detentions and expulstions throughout a school year. if schools had the software to predict who will act out they could eliminate this problem. could a computer become the next version of a mood ring? not all school have major issues with with students acting out or engaged in their lessons. some schools, for the most part, have students who love to be at school and are eager to learn because of this facs wouldnt be needed. if students already are engaged in there schoolwork this new and improved system would be much good. if its not broken dont fix it. could a computer become the next version of a mood ring? this article was all about a system called the facial action coding system or better known as facs. this system can read a humans facial expressions to determine what theyre feeling. if school systems around the usa or the world had acess to this program they could advance their schools to the next level. could a computer become the next version of a mood ring?