growing up as a kid having a teacher to teach isnt anymore normal than having a pencil to write with. thinking about my children having a computer instead of a teacher seems less traditional and in my opinion less affective. with humans teaching humans, we are able to tell when something isnt right because we can relate to each others feelings and their standings on the topic. with a computer that isnt really an option. for example, nick dalto mentioned how the computer could calculate the mona lisa and show what percentage of feelings she is having. another example given is when dalto mentions how it can be used to show whenever politicians andor performers are not being truthful when they are speaking to the audience. nick says that dr. huangs emotion algorithms are a different sort of da vinci code. nick is mentioning how the computer is able to read art and painted faces and if it continues, maybe our faces. considering that a computer showing us when somebody is feeling an emotion other than happiness may be good, i think we should be more focused on doing it ourselves and not using a machine for easy to use capabilities. since the computer scans the faces muscles which isnt something people are really looking after when having a conversation on somebodys opinion. however, the computer provides great possibilities in the modern to future world. for example, when we made the lie detector test for obviously showing if someone is lying while answering a series of questions was a huge breakthrough. this computer could bring an even bigger outcome since it is reading mouth eye and other face muscles. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. dr. huang is trying to give the point that each emotion can be seen at a different way just slightly everytime. who knows where this computer process could lead us to or what we can do with it. none the less, in the classroom a teacher can teach best because that teacher knows not every student is the same. you can ask any parent of  or more children and they will confirm that claim. on the political and celebrity standpoint, this could reel out some unknown hintings toward how they really feel. in the end, we have a long way to come as a species and we have a long road also behind us.