do you believe that the face on mars is made by aliens? i know my opinion doesnt matter, what matters is whats real. i know you are also thinking that this is crazy, because we all know aliens do not exist. there is no proof of aliens. it has to be a natural landform, because in the th paragraph garvin said it reminded him of most butte in the snake river of idaho. our universe can create anything, just because something look like it was made does not mean it is. there could of been rocks there, and the dust just blows around them. making it look like it was made, by something or someone. the very most obvious thing is aliens do not exist, there has been no proof of alien. even to this day in  there is still no proof of aliens. in the rd paragraph nasa even mentioned it as a huge rock formation scientist are very smart if there was other such thing that made it, it would have already been discovered. also the face on mars was a good way to get attention, like paragraph number  said so. the face of mars turned into a famous pop icon. it was on hollywood films, all the way to haunted grocery store check out lines. if people could get the public to think that it was aliens that made the face, it would have maybe become way more popular. plus most people do not believe in such thing as aliens, if they do not have real proof. my very last example is , if nasa found out was aliens they would have already told the public. it would be huge for nasa to discover aleins. there is no way they would hide the proof that aliens are real. it would help their budget, if they did discover an ancient alien civilization on mars. as it says in paragraph  scientist started hunting for more information. it became a priority for them. all the pictures they took revealed it as a natural landformation as it says in paragraph . there is no way it is related to aliens. so if someone says that nasa is just hiding it, it would be false. nasa would surely reveal that there is aliens on another planet. just imagine how much attention they would get if they actually discovered it. they would probably be one of the richest people. it is positive that a face on mars, made by aliens is not real. it is just a natural landform of rocks, that looks like a face.