the article making mona lisa smile focuses on the complex software that can analyze a face and even read emotions. the author claims this could be very useful in teaching, for being able to acount for the students emotions could very well help the computer adapt and change the lesson more efficiently. while this could be true, there are a lot of questions that should be asked before this technology can be implemented, such as its effectiveness and privacy. the sixth paragraph says how the computer can know if youre happy or sad, and gives an example if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad may follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this seems to be very helpful, but what if said person was smiling about something else? what if the person remembers something funny that happened the other day and suddenly they notice they keep getting uninteresting ads that pop up? there would be no way for the computer to tell if it was really the ad that made the person smile. another issue is how it is used in class. paragraph six states a classroom computer could recognize if a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. how would the computer tell what degree a pupil is confused? if a student looks a little confused, the computer may read this and respond as if the student was very confused, thus wasting the students time with more help than they need. one more way to look at it is the privacy violations the software may bring. what if a student is opposed to a teacher being able to technologically and truthfully read the students emotions? does the computer take a log of the faces of the students? there is too many suspicious questions in regard to the morality and safety of the use of such software. the software definitely shows promise. it seems to show how far we have come to understanding the relation to facial expressions and emotion. that being said, there is still too much to account for before this new technology can be integrated into classrooms, such as efficiency and morality.