advantages of limiting car usuage? is that even possible? yes, there are many advantages of limiting your car usage, one of them being the money youll be saving, another being less pollution. a lot of people dont care that theyre wasting money on their cars or polluting the world, but what if we all gave up our cars and went eco friendly? could you imagine how much money youd save. as said by heidrun walter in source one, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. loosing their cars isnt a big deal to them, it relives them of stress and money. to park in a large garage was , along with buying your house. then theres gas prices and maintence, cars can be expensive. paris had pollution and to clear the air, they enforced a partial driving ban. drivers with evennumbered license plates were fined or told to leave their cars at home. it was only  in our currency, but it was euros. then the next day, being a tuesday, the same ban to evennumnered license plates applied to the oddnumbered license plates. according to reuters in source two, almost , drivers were fined. this ban on the oddnumbered license plates didnt go through due to the smog clearing enough. i know it sounds crazy, giving up your car, thats your freedom, your transportation to get from point a to point b. in bogota, they have a carfree day. only busses and taxis are allowed to be driving. it sounds completely out of the ordinary for us americans to even think of not having our cars. souce three says the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. anyone who violates or doesnt coroperate is fined . as said in the article, the turn out for their carfree day was large. maybe we should try it sometime. source four says that recent studdies suggest that americans are buying less cars, theyre getting fewer licenses as the years go by. researchers wonder, has america passed peak driving? why is that? the united states has been the car culture. as said in the article, it is the birthplace of model t the home of detriot the place where wilson pickett immortalized mustang sally which is also a cool song. how is it that we are buying less cars and not getting our licenses? my theroy, car crashes. unrealted to pollution or money, but i think everyone has that fear in their head about car crashes killing them or taking the life of their teenager, so they stop driving. in reference to me, my mother wont allow me to drive untill i am  years old, the legal age to drive is . you can get your permit when youre  years old, only being allowed to drive with a driver over the age of . whats stopping everyone? driving is every where. how do you get to work? you drive. grocerey store? the mall? you drive. there is more options though, you dont have to drive. you can brike, or walk or ride the bus. it saves you money. pollution is a world wide thing, so is driving but with everyone working together and these carfree days we could end pollution. giving up your car is the first step.