driverless cars havebecome a controversial topic for the us. many car companies eagerly look foward to releasing an allnew invention, a car that can pilot itself. while these companies press for opportunities and exceptions to develop their automobiles, many people feel opposit of them. an unmanned car is dangerous because technology will at some point fail, and a car cannot be programmed to react to spontanious and unordinary emergency situations. althoguh there are still plenty of mishaps and accidents on the road today, having a car with a driver is much safer than having a car with a computer. this is true because at some point, technology will fail. even normal car break down and need maintanence. so, what will happen when an autonomous car breaks down on the free way? since it is designed to opperate without a driver, how can it be moved to a safe area? an autonomous automobile is dangerous to the public as a whole. as well, humans and vehicles are not at all one and the same. a human cannot do what a computer can do, but a car can most certainly never do what a human can do. in an emergency situation, it is a humans capability of problem solving, instincts, and cognative processing that saves their lives. a computor does not posses those traits. a computer can be programmed to carry out certain codes and instuctions, but it can never respond the way a human can. it is impossible to create every single possible emergency situation on the road, so how can a computor be programmed to do so? how can these vehicles do anything else but cause more damage and havoc to an emergency situation since they cannot be programed with a true emergency situation? it is unfeasable and unthinkable to release autonomous vehicles to put the lives of the people in danger. in all, selfpiloting cars are not beneficial to society. they will cause more havoc than harmony. from their innability to process as humans do to the fact that they will eventually break down, autonomous vehicles are in no way helping the drivers of this country. the only way to ensure the saftey of the people is to have good, responsible individuals behind the wheel and piloting the vehicle.