in the article driverless cars are coming, there are positive and negative aspects of the driverless cars. the driverless cars would use half the gas that the majority of taxis use today. as stated in paragraph , the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. these cars do have the potential to change the world we know today. the positives are powerful enough to rule out the negatives that come with the driverless cars. a driverless car would need a lot of sensors and sensors are things that are not so new in the world we live in today. although they may not be so new, they have become more advanced as the years have passed. these sensors can alert the car when to apply breaks on the wheels and stop acceleration of the engine. this would give a driverless care far better control than a human driver could do by oneslef. as stated in paragraph , within  years, those sensors had beome more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. sensors are a big part of making driverless cars have more control than a human would. although the pros outweigh the cons, there are some concerns when it comes to these driverless cars. in most states it is illegal to even test computerdriven cars. manufactures are trying to prove that driverless cars can be safe and once they have proven this, they will allow these driverless cars. as stated in paragrph , still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault  the driver or the manufacturer? this is simply stating that if there were to be an accident with a driverless car who would be to blame? would it be the one who made the driverless car or the person behind the wheel? in a case similar to this, like stated before, manufactures are trying to make them far more reliable and safe to use. there is a car that is being developed by bmw called traffic jam assistant, the car can handle driving functions. functions such as speeds up tp  miles per hour and special sensors on the wheel to make sure to whoever is in the drivers seat keeps ahold of the wheel. the majority of the cars made so far are not completely driverless persay. drivers can streer, go faster, and slow down by pressing on breaks. these cars are made to alert the driver if on the road ahead of them they would need human skills. they have developed a driver seat that vibrates when the car is in danger of backing into something. these types of things would keep the driver alert to when the car would need their assistance. the manufactures would also add more things to keep the so called, driver to pay attention. as stated in paragraph , manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remainig focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. this is stating that the driver must always be watching the road. the camera that would be installed would be a safety feature, so if the driver isnt paying any attention, the car would alert the driver to. when it comes to driverless cars there are some worries about them, but they are being tested and going to become reliable cars. the main key is that these cars are safe to use and are made with reasons like this. as stated in paragraph , such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern. driverless cars could more than likely be a positive outcome in our future and soon to be driverless.