in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, the author supports his ides very well and gives a lot of reasons why people could travel from earth to venus and be safe and have everything that they need to survive. the author says that venus is sometimes called the evening star, that it is easy for an amateur stargazer to spot. they said that humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on venus but none could last more than a few hours. reasons on why none of the spacecrafts made it was that venus is covered with  carbon dioxide and the most challenging thing is the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the temperature in venus is  degrees fahrenheit, and the pressure of the atmosphere is  times greater than what people experience on earth. the conditions are something us humans have ever had to deal with before. to note venus is the hottest planet in our solar system and its not even that close to the sun mercury is closer to the sun. the weather is like the weather we have on earth. venus does has some good things about it like it had an extremely large body of water and that could have created and supported some type of life. venus has mountions, valleys, and craters so it does have features like earth. nasa is working on a new way of sending someone to venus while it being safe and scientifically productive. they could send one down that didnt touch the planet but could hover over it and just observe the planet because they wont be able to take anything from the planet. nasa could build a spacecraft that would last long enough to observe the planet and have contact with touching things and taking pictures. nasa and others want to strive and meet there goal to have someone on venus and actually be able to walk around and observe everything that happens on that planet. they said in the article that venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosty will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. and they also said that us traveling on earth and beyond should not be limited to us because of the dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.