in the article unmasking the face of mars, a theory is presented to the readers, that alien life form could have caused the face on mars. there are diffrent reasons on why that image is there, besides aliens put it there. it could be butte mesa. also cameras sent in space would have picked up on something unusual. scientist dont present a theory unless they have evidence to back it up. one reason that the face on mars is there, is butte mesa. which is usually shadows that make it look like an egyptian pharaoh. butte mesa are found in west america, one example of the butte mesa is in snake river plain of idaho. which is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa. the mesa located in idaho is about the same height as the face on mars. another thing, is that cameras are sent into space to take pictures of planets and record everything that is found. scientist enlarge the photos  times bigger, to see everthing within it. if there were anything in the picture that seemed unusual, the cameras would allow you to see it. any objects, like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyrsmids. even small shacks, you would be able to see it. thirdly, scientists dont present a theory unless they have gone threw precautions and looked over all of there evidence to support the theory. in the article it talks about how the scientists, sent two diffrent cameras up to make sure the clouds wrent the issue of what they saw. also, they blew the images up to see if there was an objects. to make sure that nothing could endanger there theory, of it just being a butte mesa. if the scientists really didnt believe there theory was valed, they wouldnt have taken so many precautions. in conclusion, the face on mars is probably just a naturally occuring landform on mars. with the evidence of the butte mesa in west america. the cameras going up and taking pictures more than once. also, the scientists taking many precautions to prove that the face on mars, is a butte mesa. the theory that the face on mars, is just a naturally occuring landform, is highley likley.