i believe that making a decision to develop or even introduce the idea of having computers read our emotions is wrong and creepy, what would be the point? no one likes ads so having your computer read your face just to bring up more? it makes no sense when you can get pop up ads that can relate to rcent searches. to me it would be a waste of time and a waste of money and energy. to me this would not be valuable. this coding sysytem to read emotions to me would be completely useless, think of having to take out every computer in every school just to add a feature to know if your smiling or frowning. makes no sense when we already have phones that have face id face recognition that can do that for us. when the article started using examples of different muscles in the face, that was confusing and seemed pointless to know, if this is an accuarate system or app, they should just make it and let us find out for ourselves. i think using anything that has to do with our face when it comes to technology is unlocking our devices for privacy, i rather know my device is safe from my own face then a password on a keyboard that can be readily accessed if wrotten down. think about adding this mentioned feature of the system reading your emotions. you have a computer tell you what your own personal emotions are but how accurate can this be, if it says you are feeling a certain way and you feel something completely different, then is this considered fale advertising? is this going to be an app or an entire software system? if you can easily access your windows or chrome web browser store and get a free download or even pay for it, will it be an app? because i guarantee no one will pay a high amount of money just so they can have a computer read you your own emotions, its pointless and would have no effect besides unlocking your system or device. what if someone passes by and it grabs a part of their face, what if the things around you grab ahold of the system and it produces false information? i understand maybe if it shows anger or boredom it can remind you to keep working but what if students have concentration problems really bad and cant focus like everyyone elseand the program still doesnt help, do we just keep those kids lost? this program seems like an insane waste of time just to have feedback on how they think you feel. just because my lips or eyes are in a certain position doesnt mean im feeling that way, i could be in the best mood ever and move my muscles into a shape and would the results be same? would they be real to what i actually feel? or will it come back as im happy and faking it? i think svcientists should invest their money, time, and effort into something that would actually help us instead of something that has no vbalue and is pointless to classrooms, the workplace, or in general.