there is so much new technology availiable today that helps benifit people in every aspects of their every day lives. there is very complex pieces of technology, such as machines that can detect illness, and very simple ones such as computers that simply allow people to type out papers, or cameras that allow people to take a picture. these things simply help people excel in all the things they do each and every day. one new piece of technology that can help people in many different aspects of their lives is an app that allows their emotions to be detected. the use of technology to detect students emotions can be valuable to a classroom for many reasons. using this technology can be very benificial to not only the teachers and staff, but the students as well. this special technology can help in the classroom by allowing the teachers to know what lessons work best, and how the children respond to the lessons. along with that, they can know the mental state of the children and learn a little more about their personalities. using emotion recognition will really let a school benifit overall. one example that demonstrates how valuable this could be to students is when nick dalto wrote in his article, making mona lisa smile, the quote by dr. huang saying, a classroom computer could could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this shows the values of this program, because it would allow for the teachers to know that a student is struggling or not interested, and it would allow for them to change up their lesson to make it more enjoyable and understandable for the children. this is benificial for the teachers becuase they can see the childrens reactions and also take their emotions into consideration when planning future lessons. this can also be used for the good of the students, because the teachers will be able to tell if they are confused or not, allowing for them to get extra help or the teacher will know to explain the lesson better or move ahead. the article also explains how the technology can detect all emotions. knowing the emotions of the children in a classroom can also be benificial for the students and the teachers because they can study the trends of their emotions to tell if something is wrong with the child. for example, if a child is happy most of the time in class, and then one day the technology detects that they are sad and they continue to be sad for a while, the teacher might talk to that student to make sure that everything is okay at home and at school. this could also be able to detect things, such as bullying, by the childs emotions. if their emotions change completely, something might be worng, or somthing really good or bad might have happened. it could also benifit the parents of the students, becuase they could get a report on the childs emotions to be able to tell if the school or classes they are in are working for their child. overall, using technology to detect emotions in a classroom can be valuable to everyone because it can be used to plan lessons and detecting bullying and other problems a child might be having at school or home. although some people might think it is taking away the privacy of the children by having a camera scanning them, in the end, this technology is to help benifit the children and teachers by giving them a better and safe school and learning experience. therefore, having an app that can detect the emotions of a student in a classroom is very valuable and benificial to everyone.