i believe we should support the development of the driveless cars. as time evolves, our surrounding evolves as well such as our clothings, cultural beliefs, advancements in technologies, education, and many more. if we could make changes to those things, why cant we do the same for cars. i believe this should be the risk were willing to take. first of all, the author of the article has mentioned that these cars would use half the fuel of todays which means killing less trees. this plays a major role in saving our planet. we have been using abundant amount of fuels which are extremely bad for our future as well as now. by using less fuel, we will be less likely to experience tragical conditions such as global warming, and other natural disasters. also, he has mentioned that driveless cars offer far more flexibility. my second reason why we should support the developemnt of driverless cars is due to lesser risk of getting into car accidents. the article has mentioned that although google cars arent truly driverless, they have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. this indicate that with further advancments made to the cars, the less likely wed face car crashs and other tragical accidents. we wouldnt have to face these problems as much as were facing them now. my last reason relates to car accidents and human risks. the advancements they made onto these cars suggest the lower risk of everything. the headsup displays, use of multiple sensors, lidar, and further advancements. bmv states that  to  of the times why we get into car accidents are due to human risks. human risks include drunk driving, disobeying traffic laws, underage or unpermitted driver, texting while driving and such. but, with the driveless cars and its advancements, we are lowering the risk of facing those kind of problems. as you can see why i believe we should support the developments of these driveless cars for multiple reasons. by using half the fuel of which we use today, were saving our planet and its resources, which will eventually lead to lower risks of global warming and such. next, the driveless cars will assure that we will face less car accidents due to its high technologies and advancments. lastly, driverless cars will decrease the risk of human risks and will lead to higher and further more advancements in technologies.