transportation helps us get to where we need to go. one way of transportaion that most people use are cars. cars have all changed thorughout decades. new equipment is put in a car to make them more fancy or more safe. technology is all around us now. how would it feel if a car controlled us? there are so many way to argue this topic about cars that control themselves. what is really the purpose of this car? all of the cars made before the driverless cars were driven by a person. although the driverless cars are not that popular yet, people are intrested in them. the more technology we use, it makes society seem more lazy.  but how much smarter did the cars need to be?driverless cars are coming. this feels like the new technology is taking over us. soon, we will be like robots. the driverless car has sensors and special navigation to help the driver. so why is it called a driverless car if the driver has to be alert? there will still be a driver in the drivers seat, in this case there are pros and cons. many teenagers want to drive as fast and as soon as they can, but they are still unexperienced. this will be more helpful for the new driver, but the new driver might take advantage of the driverless car. drivers driving the driverless car might get the wrong idea. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over then the situation requires driverless cars are coming. drunk driving is a leading cause of death. if a drunk driver has a driverless car, the peron might believe that they would get home safely because the car knows what it would be doing. if a there is a situation that occurs, and the car need attention but doesnt get it, to whoms fault would it be? in this case i would say both. first, there is a a drunk driver, and the car should have been alert to what to do. the purpose of this car is to help other people who can and know how to control the driverless car. a driverless car could be usefull for people that would need a safe car. i believe that we should not have a car like this. if we keep the cars how they are now, we will be okay in the future. driving is a privlage, not a right. a person drives and controls a car not a car.