after reading the article, the challenge of exploring venus i have been asked to tell weather or not i think the author did a good job supporting and evaluating his ideas. as i read through the text i looked for key moments that stood out. this author beleives it is right and just to continue our missions to try and explore our neighboring planet. i feel that he does a very good job backing up his statement because he has an interesting introduction, middle and end. the author also does a very good job explaining his theory through lots of detail and background. finally, the author doesnt just use his knowledge but he goes out there and finds information from experts. to me, those are three componets that will really prove what you believe in. the article starts out with some basic background information to get you hooked onto the topic. it reads, in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point from earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. those few sentences hook the reader on their claim and make you want the author to prove him self. therefore, the author does exactly that throughout the body of the text. he gives detail, background and outside sources but, well get into that later. in the end, he raps up the text with his claim once a again and that final kicker that get any strageling readers that dont quite believe him. it states, our travels on earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. throughout the body the author illustrates textbook detailing and informing. he makes a claim and then back it up with information why. it is all organized very well also. each paragraph goes over something new and intriging. for example in the second paragraph, venus... occasionally the closest in distance too. earth, venus and mars... orbit the sun at different speeds. these differences in speed mena that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. as you can see that quote gives one of his claims and then goes deeper into explaining it. after doing this he will turn around onto a new topic in the very next paragraph. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these condition are far more extrem than anything humans encounter on earth. to make his detailing even more interesting he gave his information first and then followed it with his claim. i feel like this way of orginization kept the reader hooked. if you remember i said earlier in the text that the author doent just use his own brain to help hsi claim. he will go out and get help from experts known as nasa and are th eleading group in space exploration for the united states. i feel like this is always a key to underatnding and convincing your claim because it can prove that you care and that you arent the only one that believes in the same picture. paragraph five states, the national aeronatics and space administration has on particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus. shortly after that he goes into detail on nasas idea for venus exploration. he uses their ideas toback up is own. nasa obviously is for the exploration of venus and i htink he chose a very good company to do research on to find out more about his own claim. to wrap up, my claim in the begenning was that the author of the challenge of exploring venus, did a very good job supporting his own claim. the author did this by carefully organizing his information into a begginning, middle and end format. he also uses very good detail and description throughout the text along with ideas from a different perspective. this is why i believe he did a very good job evalutating his claim and if he were here right now id give him a pat on the back. hopefully, the article you just read had the same care and interest as the challenge of exploring venus.