how do you think the face was formed. there could be many reasons how the face was formed. however i think that the face was not formed by aliens. one reason is, is that they havent prove that aliens are real yet. also, that the day they took they picture they said that there was wispy clouds over it. another reason is that it all happend because of science. mars is an odd planet, ive heard people call it the pizza planets because it was red, i think. thats not the point though, the point is, is that the planet has not proven that aliens live on that planet. the face had been thought it was created by aliens. nasa said that the face was a huge rock formation showing the illusion of eyes, nose, and a mouth. there are more reasons why they face was face was not formed by aliens. another reason is that the day they took the picture, there was wispy winds. in order to take a good picture you need to have good weather. the weather can effect the picture because if its windy you need to make sure that everything is not blowing around. the wispy winds could have effected the picutre becuase the winds were blowing so the rocks, sand and everything else was blowing around. so, when viking  captured that picture, it can everything else blowing with it. wind storms happen on planets, i am not sure om which ones but i know they happenjust like how on the sun it doesnt have wind storms but has almosr like volcanic action on it with lave everywhere. there is one more other reason. one more reason is that is just plain old science. science occurs in a lot of discussing and working on the planet. when planning to send some sort of machine to a planet, you have to undertand the planet. in  there wasnt the best technology at the time. they didnt know when a storm was gonna come or if they would have to send their machines threw a bunch of metors. when they sent out viking  a win storm occured and the camera on viking  couldnt focus right and that is why it looked like a face. there are many more reasons why the face was not formed but an aliens. some are that it was that aliens have not been proven yet. also, that there was wispy clounds. one more is that is was all science. those are resons why that the face was not formed by aliens.