sometimes, its fun to imagine that the face on mars is an alien artifact. however, some conspiracy theorists believe that the face on mars really is the work of aliens. this claim is not only outlandish, but it lacks any kind of proof to support it. the face on mars is just a natural landform. the fact that the face on mars is a natural landform has been proven by photographs taken by nasa spacecrafts. on april , , the mars global surveyor was able to take a picture of the face on mars, one that was much clearer than the original picture taken by the viking in . based on the new photo, the general verdict was that the face on mars is just a mesa, a natural landform. to clear all dispute that the face isnt an alien artifact, nasa took another, even clearer picture of the face in april , , to prove for once and for all that the face isnt of alien origin. the picture stands as definitive proof that the face on mars is a natural landform. the discovery of an alien artifact on mars would help nasa. even if the face on mars was made by aliens, nasa has no reason to cover up the discovery of former alien existence on mars. if nasa found and released the concrete evidence of an alien artifact, they would gain an increased budget and greater public rapport to find more information. it would reignite our curiosity of outer space. therefore, discovery of an alien artifact would help nasa, not hurt them. others say that the face on mars is an alien artifact that nasa is trying to hide from us. however, alien discovery would benefit nasa more than it would harm them. furthermore, if nasa really wanted to hide the existence of a possible alien artifact, why would they show us the pictures of the face on mars in the first place? coupling this reasoning with the clear pictures from nasa spacecrafts completely blows this theory out of the water. the evidence in this article prove that the face on mars is a natural monument, not an alien artifact. any continued skepticism on this is unjustified and quite frankly silly. although it is fun to imagine that the face is alien, it is important that we know when to draw the line between imagination and a laughable statement.