americans have rights, i understand that, but many americans do not realize who they are putting their trust and votes into to. they may think that oh if i vote for this president he will automatically be chosen, but no that is not always what happens through the process for choosing the future president of the united states. we are given the right to vote as soon as we turn eighteen and any day after that, and you feel so great that you can finally do something that makes you feel as if you are an adult, but when you put a name on your ballet they may not be chosen for the office that they were running for. the electoral college is process that was created very long ago by the founding fathers, which we still use today. many peole in the united states vote every election for who they think is best suited for office as president or vice president. say you voted for president who was extravagent and had all the traits they had were excellent to lead a country, but what you may not know is that your vote can be changed if one person representing your state in the electoral college does not agree with the person you have chosen. the state legistlatures pick the electoral college for each state, they may even come from public office, but the electorals do not technically have to choose the person youve chosen. some state legistlature may oppose the man that the people have chosen so they will bring in a new electoral college, like when john f. kennedy was chosen voted for, but they tried sabotaging him so he would not get the votes. the electoral college can choose whomever they please. in some states presidents do not even campaign, such as in rhode island and south carolina also there were  other states that were included in the campaigns for the election in . this is called the winnertakeall system when the canidates do not take time for the states they know they have no chance of winning over. in some states they did not even see a single ad campaign which was not obligated. the focus is on the states that are called swing states where the elections are very tight and they want your vote. one of the facts i have learned is that if you live in a swing state start learning about your presidents so you know which one you believe is more capable. we understand if there is a tie in anything, like an election, we have to keep working till there is a winner. it makes everything take more time and it goes through a longer process. when a tie happens in the electoral college it is now thrown to the senate and that is when it starts to increase in time and we have to wait a longer. in wyoming they do not have many citizens, so they only have one representative, but they speak as much as the  representatives from california. an eelctoral tie is very unlikely, but it has happened. many people believe in the elecotral college, but many do not. i belive that it should be abolished. i do not think it is fair that other people who have a higher power can take our votes and change them if they do not like them. it is outdated , unfair, and irrational. we should change it to popular vote and take it right from the americans whove voted for the president they want.