driverless cars do you ever feel like that cars may be not be able to be used in the future, do you feel like people wont really need to drive a car exactly and we can get better ones? thats what this passage is basically talking about in the passage driverless cars are coming the story is talking about how a google confounder named sergey brin believes that this can be achieved. now my position on this argument is i believe that cars will not die out of existence or something we will stilll need them but i feel like if we want them to still be around we neeed to make them better for the future. i think that driverless cars will be the future because we have already started making smarter systems and sensors, we have already spent a lot of years on this project already, and i feel like itll help us more in our everyday life. driverless cars are the next big thing for the future and here are some reasons on why i stand with this argument. the first reason why i stand with this argument is because have already started trying to improve smarter systemes and sensors. in the story it talks about how we already had those things that those things werent really new to us right now. because since we werent able to have smartere roads we needed to build smarter cars like having a gps reciever or a sensor this stuff is all what we need to make the driverless car dream a success. in the text it stated, googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel...the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. that is the first reason on why i stand at this position. the next reason on why i stand at this position is because we have already spent a lot of years working on this project as it is. in the passage it talks about how they have been working on this project for quite some time now . now even though we werent working on that project impaticular we were still doing other things as well that would try to insure that this dream would come true someday. in the passage it says,  in the late s, general motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track... mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . that is another reason on why i stand with this argument. the last reason on why i stand with this position is i feel like itll help us more in our everyday lifestyle. in the passage it talks about how cars may not be able to that much use to us in the future. but, if we start to upgrade them and make them a lot better than they were before then the future that they envisioned will come true. an example from the text is, the car he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. he believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. that is the last reason on why i stand with this position. do you ever feel like we will have better cars in the future the kind that will be able to drive itself? well thats what the passage, driverless cars are coming talks about how we will need better cars for the future. now i think that even though it might not come true we never know what might happen for us in the future but i think that this invention will help us in the long run. driverless are the future because we have already started making smarter systems and sesnors, we have already had a lot of time developing and working on this project, and i feel like itll help us more in our everyday life. driverless cars are the next big thing for the future now will they actually be a thing, who knows we will just have to wait and see what the future brings.