the face on mars was not created by aliens. the face on mars isnt anything but a landform. we have scientific proof that its just a landform. this essay is going to show th cetury tecnology wasnt what we have now, landforms around the area they were looking at are actually quite common and, you dont always need to buy into what others are selling. in this essay ill give you the answers you need to believe the truth. in  cameras didnt have good quality picture unlike now. our technologies are changing and theyre changing fast. the  version of the face was blurry and you could barely see what the picture was. even the  version was pretty bad, but you could make it out a little more than in . the  clearly states that it was in no way a face or an ancient civilization on mars. the scientists themselves even felt that what they were seeing was a mesa. and the second paragraph of the story explains, scienctists figured out it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. plus in paragraph  garvin says, it remind me most of middle butte in the snake river plainof idaho. thats a lava dome that takes te form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. scientists information is usually pretty credible, you can usually trust that what they are telling is the truth. dont believe every news healine and story you see. everyone has seen the magazines you find that pulls people in with hazardous rumors and lies, things that just arent true. the  face on mars  happens to be a pretty big deal. its been in movies, radio shows, magazines and a whole lot more. but is all of that really something that you can take full trust in. not every writer, newspaper and magazine is right. they dont always get good information thats why you stick to someone you know who will tell you the truth like a scienctist. so in conclusion,  the face on mars isnt really a face at all nor a ancient alien artifact. its simply a natual landform most likely a mesa or butte. trust me its not a face its just weird shadows that make it seem to look like a face. if there was really something to see by now we would have seen it and the facts are not in favour of silly conspiracy theorists. now you know  the face on mars is more like a mesa on mars.