imagine this, youre driving, but your hands arent on the steering wheel. cars have always been a main focal point to what the future will look like, most picturing them flying. even though this possible new breed of cars will remain on the ground, they still are innovative and can help further the world of technology and how we use it. development of this car should continue because it is safe and could possibly be helpful to new drivers. safety is one of the big issues people have with the car, most thinking that driver will no longer have power of the car. driving takes insticts and observation, if a car is suddenly swerving the driver will respond accordingly. the bmw has created the traffic jam assistant, which contains special touch sensors to insure that the driver keeps hold of the wheel. at anytime while in that car, the driver can take over, if the situation calls for it. new drivers will always be somewhat of a hazard, possible talks of raising the age requirement for getting a license, afraid that at the current one teenagers remain immature. if we were to have the driverless car, those issues would decrease, seeing as it will feel as though a parent is always on the road with them. these cars are never really driverless, the driver can still steer, accelerate, and brake if need be. gm has ever created a way for the seats to vibrate when the vehicle is in danger, keeping the driver alert to their surroundings.this car will decrease the amount of accidents created by teens, due to the car being able to see things that maybe they cant. in conclusion, driverless cars are a good and safe invention. they will be able to drive correctly and safely. the driver of the vehicle will always be in charge, never losing the control they once had. new drivers will always have a backup, but still continuing to drive themselves. cars will still require a knowing of how to drive, seeing as it cant do everything, one has to while traveling. the world is constantly evolving, and that includes technology. driverless cars will just add on to the constantly multiplying number of things we have created. we still have a long way to go when it come to this invention, the question is, when the time comes, what car will you be driving?