a man is driving in his car recklessly in a hurry to work. not paying attention to the pedestrian crossing sign, he hits an innocent student crossing the street who later dies. it has been suggested that cars are more negative than positive. perhaps we should decrease the amount of time we spend driving these machines. i believe that limiting car usage is a good thing for the people. as source  states, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of smog. this suggests thats cars cant be used in all conditions and it would be much safer to use a bike of simply walk. with the smog, the people of france didnt drive and there was over  percent less congestion on the road. in paris, the government enforced partial bans to clear the air. on one day motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave thier cars at home, then the next day the same rule applied to oddnumbered plates. deisel fuel was at blame for the smog since  percent of the vehicles in france uses it and the engines of these cars were giving off a lot of smoke. this issue can be avoided all around by using more environmetfriendlt ways of transportation. moving on to source , it provides information that the number of miles driven in america peaked in  and has dropped every year since then. even with that being said, there are still thousands of crash related deaths each year. theres drunk driving, driving while texting, and texting hile too sleepy to focus, and all situations lead to deaths. driving is a very dangerous responsibility that gets people killed. there are other ways to get from point a to point b, although they might not be as quick. those who are attached to their ford trucks or convertable mustangs may say something along the line of im a responsible driver, so i wont get in a wreck. but you never know what could happen. its much safer to take a train or bus where theres less traffic. car usage, the poison of society, kills the innocent. pedestrians across the globe are at risk of careless drivers. if nothing is done, more lives will be taken and the air will continue to be polluted.