limiting car usage is beneficial to more than just the environment, it is also beneficial to humans. with all the pros and very few cons of limiting car usage, it would be impractical to not make the change. some may argue that it would waste time to limite car usage, however, if widespread limitation of car usage occurs then the way we live will evolve to adapt to life without much car usage, making it far more convenient in the future. a common misconception is that limiting car use is solely beneficial to the environment. in paragraph three a resident of vauban is quoted saying, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way this shows that humans too can take advantage of limiting car use. in common culture today, destinations are far spread out and not compact unless in a large city. this is because it is possible to transport ones self those distances in a car. limiting car use would effect the suburban culture of being spread out and change it into a more compact, convinient environment. the obvious reason to limite car usage is to reduce air emissions that would allow us to have a safer earth to live on. pollution has become a legitimant problem and if change isnt made, then the earth will be changed for the worse. large cities where cars are abundantly used have a major problem with smog as seen in paragraph ten. in attempt to clear record breaking amounts of smog, paris enforced a partial driving ban and it worked. this shows that by limiting car use change can be made to our environment for the better. without using a car, one would clearly need to find an alternative method of transportation. common alternatives such as biking or walking spark a much more active lifestyle for those who do so. as seen in paragraph twentyeight, bogota sponsors alternate forms of transportation and when this active lifestyle was embraced by the city, it changed the city for the better. as result it is quoted that, parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. this clearly displays a much healthier, active lifestyle by those who limite car use. all of these products result in clear advantages caused by one thing, limiting car usage. it would be unsensible to not acknowledge that there is change that needs to be embraced in limiting car use in our society before it is too late to change the culture of driving.