cant come fast enough.  is the year that mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves. tesla has projected a  this year release for a car capable of driving on autopilot ninety percent of the time. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific condition since . you could do so much more when you have an independent driving car that you can with a nonindependent car, if something is about to happen, you will be warned and it uses half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility that a bus. beacause of the reasons previously mentioned, i stand in firm affirmation of the development of driverless cars. when you drive a driverless car, you can do so much more with you time in the car. if and when driverless cars become a thing, textingtalking while driving laws could be abolished. but by , texting might even be obsolete and we might be just speaking to the phone while it types for us. weve all known girls who do their makeup in the car on their way to their destination. with non driverless cars, this is extremely dangerous to the driver, the passengers, other cars, and pedestrians. even though most girls know the danger of this, they havent stopped, so why not make is safer when they do do it? if something were to happen on the road like an accident ahead, road blocks, consruction, etc., the driver would be warned before hand. the warning could be a number of thing, whether that be a vibration in the seat or a beep. selfdriving cars are so much more ecofriendly than regular non selfdriving cars. they use half the fuel of todays taxis. think of how much fuel that would save america. less fuel used means less pollution in the sky and it might even help with globalwarming. think of the polar bears and other endangered species! selfdriving cars are a good thing. you could do so much more when you have an independent driving car that you can with a nonindependent car, if something is about to happen, you will be warned and it uses half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility that a bus. beacause of the reasons previously mentioned, i stand in firm affirmation of the development of driverless cars.