in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit bespite the dangers, becuase like they said in the story they have found that the equitment they had sent never survived longer then a few hours. no space ship has been able to land on venus n more than  decades. when the author tells us this he uses evendance to support his clam, they would have reserched that astronimers are very intrested becuase they think it might have been the most earthy planet there ever excisted. the author makes it very clear that althought the dangers of the trip to venus it might be good to see how it is and see what is there, the sientest think that there might have been water like ocens there before. fristly, the auther provides of with information about the dangers of venus and how the atmosher. in the story it states, ...temperaturs averge over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater thenwhat we experience on our planet. paragragh  when they put this in there it gives the read more illistration on how the planet is. it can give them more of a visuall look for the reader to picture it. the auther also says that , venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting valcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes... paragragh  this explains that venus might be that hot bc of all of the thing that are happening there. secondly, the auther provides what nasa has been thinking and how they might be sending some people to study more further. in the story it states,  the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particlarly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. paragragh  this explains that they might have to send people to study further into venus to see what is like and everything they might need to know, like for example the reson being why the spaceships can not land and servive. lastly, the auther also includes in more detail what its like and how much damage it can cause in disasters. in the story it states,  just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. paragragh  this can also explain and make a visuael example to help the reader out in explainsing what the heat in venus can do. they can be more aware of the dangerus dangers that venus can comit. in conclustion the auther does a very good job in explaing the danges and telling us the opinion of people that have done some exploration in venus before. they provide good examples in the text they maneged to get information from nasa and sientest. the author also provided were venus is located and how far away it is from earth. so this is a good way to support this idea of venus.