usage of cars has been decreasing due to the effects it can have on the environment and the opinions of the public. driving has had a major impact on the atmosphere due to its polluting effects. smog covers highly populated cities where driving is just another way of carrying out everydaylife. though transportation by car has been a huge help in economic progress, it still comes with a price. if we had no cars there would be less deaths, decreased enviromental instability, and shorter use for our limited amount of fuel. textingdrinking and driving are some of the biggest causes of death in vehicles. the number of deaths caused by texting or drinking when driving has skyrocketed over the years. these areas where driving is prohibited are probably very safe places and the number of deaths brought about by driving are most likely little to none. but life without cars can pose for some serious problems. yes, it may cause fewer deaths and decrease pollution. but, it will also bring about issues such as limited transportation of goods, infestation of the homeless not a joke, and many inexperienced drivers when they are needed. in war, mobile transportation by car or truck is often needed. if people who cant drive are appointed to tasks such as driving, they wont be much help and could make things worse. yes, they could be taught but time is not everlasting. but all negatives aside, the suburban areas of the world could become much safer places without cars. no kids would get accidentily ranover when their ball rolls into the street and the try to retrieve it. it would just be a much safer environment. teens have no interest in learning to drive nowadays because theyre either too lazy, or they see the effects it has on the world. of course trains and emergency transportation will be needed though. but regular cars and vehicles arent a neccessary attribute to everyday life. in conclusion, cars that dont serve a neccessary purpose arent needed. what are the cars that do? those vehicles would be firetrucks, ambulances, and other emergency vehicles. but cars ment for our own personal transportation can be left out of the picture. now if only we could do the same about drugs...