dear senator our country, the united states of america, needs and deserves a grand president who will work hard and inspire the citizens of this counttry to perservere like our forefathers have and this president needs to be voted by popular vote by hisher citezens in the united states. the presidential elections need to be of popular vote and to be voted by the citizens of america, not by some electoral college. the reason for this is that for one the candidates ignore the smaller states, two electors who are chosen can, and possibly will, go against the will of the people the electoral college shows signs of inequality amongst the states, unpatrioticism, and unfairness. if we continue to go by the electoral college, the smaller states who hold inadequite populations will continue to be ignored by the candidates running for presidency. in source  paragraph no. , it statesyour states allotment of the electors equals the number of members in its congressional delegation one for each member in the house of representatives and  for your senators. also, in paragraph  of source no., it states, because of the winnertakesall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. so, the candidates ignore the smaller states because of their smaller population and this is a sign of unfairness and inequality amongst the people of america. the future president should address and obtain votes that are from all  states of the united states. that is how we treat and show that every person and every state are equal to one another, and that the candidates get an honest and fair vote. the way the electoral college does things during the presidencial election is everything against how our country came to be through hardwork, a desire and wish to be equal to one another, and to ensure fairness amongst the people this electoral college projects an unpatriotic feel and that itself should not be a process that the united states holds. the electoral college is unfair in the fact that the electors chosen by our state legislature can, and possibly will go against the will of the people. with the electoral college those who vote arent actually voting for the president but for a slate of electors that elect the president. in source no. paragraph , it states in the same vein, faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please. this is unfair and a disrespect to a persons choice. it is an act that is untrustworthy and it could happen at any time, people might not even know it. that action practically takes away a citizens right of opinion speech which is part of the bill of rights, the very basis of what we have a right to have. that in itself is unamerican and unpatriotic. this system should be overruled and abandoned for it doesnt go with the basis of our countrys ways. however, the electoral college does have a somewhat strict rule that is rarely broken. in source no. paragraph , it states but each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for that partys nominee and that trust is rarely broken.. the electoral college does have some points that it is not totally untrustworthy. but, this point can be broken and can be unfair for the people. senator, i hope these points have shown that the electoral college needs to be voted against due to its unfairness, unpatrioticness, and its act of inequality amongst the states. this country needs its people to vote for its president, not a slate of electors.