having a machine called  facial action coding system is cool dont get me wrong but having it in a classroom full of emotional teenagers is not a very good idea. it is not a good idea because for one no one wants everyone to know how they are actually feeling, they want them to think they are okay when they really arent. secondly their is really nothing to do when a teenager is out of a lesson or very tired. lastly the computur could be wrong , you cant trust everything a computer says to you. having a computer read teenagers emotions is pointless. we are  all of us have mixed emotions . you could be happy one second and angry the next minute, you just cant control your emotions sometimes. with the computer reading your emotions some kids might get mad and say thats a lie to cover up how they really feel. no teenager wants anyone to know how they feel unless it is their best friends.would you want everyone to see how you actually are, and then everyone try and comfort you if your more sad than happy? i know i would not like that, no one would. secondly it is a bad reason to have a computer tell your emotions because nothing is going to stop you from being tired bored. when your out of it , your out out. trying to make stuff more fun to get you awake or louder will just annoy the person so much.teenagers stay up late all the time on their phone, or playing video games or just hanging out with friends.having bright lessons, or loud lessons can really make a teenager angry and they will throw a big fit and get kicked out of class. a computer had to tell that he was tired and bored and now heshe is kicked out of class. teachers can already see kids are tired everyday and bored, but you have to teach the lesson even if they are passed out or bored. its a part of highschool. computers changing the lessons could basically mean that they can stop hiring teachers because a machine can teach the lesson and make it less boring , a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored , dr.huang predicts. then it could motify the lesson , like an effective human instructor. you cant just get rid of teachers , eberything online could just make us distracted and do anything else. ive always heard since elemantry ,  dont trust everything on the internet. so why should us the teenagers trust the computer when it gives us our precentage of happy, mad, or sad. the computer could have a glitch or someone could be around you and it picks up both your emotions and adds them together. even though the computer described the mood for mona lisa ,  shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. you cant beleive that, that was painted so long ago you dont know he actual emotions its just a picture. anyone can act how ever they want in a photo. trusting this computer percentage would be hard it can play mind games on you, saying your  sad, then your mind will believe your sad. so then your sad the rest of the day. your mind plays tricks on you. those are the reasons i believe having a computer describe our emotions is pointless. for one every teenager has so many emotions right now. secondly trying to make the lesson more bright or loud to wake kids up might make them angry. lastly you can not trust everything on the internet, or computer.