driverless cars have both negative and positive aspects reflected upon them. the text states, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. the truth is that driverless cars have not completely been invented yet. driverless cars are the next step into future generations. first, driverless cars will offer flexibility. the text states, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. what sergey brin hopes will happen is that these cars will become a future publictransport taxi system. this is good for people who are not licensed or do not own a car to get to where they need to be on time. second, driverless cars will use less fuel. the text restates, the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. with pollution rates continuing to rise and contaminate the air, the fact that these cars will use less fuel is certainly a good thing for the environment. finally, driverless cars give us a chance to interpret driving in a different way. dr. werner huber, a bmv project manager driver, tells us that we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. the text then states, some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. when you add in the incar system you are actually adding in a safety feature and safety is always a great concern. as we look ahead, automakers are still continuing to come up with a plan for driverless cars. according to the text, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . one of the few things holding back driverless cars are present traffic laws. an example from the text is, presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. this statement has not been proven to be  percent true. just think about how many accidents reported on the news about wrecks or wreckless driving. driverless cars are the transportation of future generations.