beyond venus for decades people have been examining and exploring planets. although, each of these ordaniry planets are fascinating none of them compare to the planet venus sometimes called the evening star. venus attracts attention from many different people and the reason for this is the numerous oppurtunitys it could bring to us in the futrue however, venus also is a dangerous and challening planet for humans to study. venus is referred to as earths twin and the reason for this is that it is the closest planet to earth regarts to density and size and sometimes even the distance as well. in fact the distance varies , the article states earth, venus, and mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sub at different speeds this means that the earth is sometimes closer to mars and other times closer to venus. venus being close to earth brings numerous opputunites for humans to explore. secondly, venus has many different factors that make it difficult for humans to explore. in the atomosphere thier are clouds filled up with sulfuric acid which would make it hard to not only see but breathe. the article states on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these details prove humans would have a hard time adapting to these condtions as of now. also venus experience weather condtions extreamly powerful due to the heat and high pressure. finally, venus offers oppurtunitys and innovations that might be possible in the near future. this planet is the closest earth like planet in our entire solar system and has features like earth they include valleys, mountains, and craters. beneifically, venus is our closest option for humans to explore. even though venus would be difficult to study researchers and other scientists are working on ways to innovate so we would be able to have lasting machines that help contribute to there knowledge of the planet venus. in conclusion, venus attracts attention from many different people and the reason for this is the numerous oppurtunitys it could bring to us in the futrue however, venus also is a dangerous and challening planet for humans to study. the article also states striving to meet the challenge presneted by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. venus is a ordinary planet,