what would happen if you got into a driverlesscar and you got hurt? whos fault would it be yours or the manufactures? i am against driverless cars because they arent safe, they could malfuntion, and it could cause lots of court trouble when deciding whos fault a car accident was. driverless cars are not safe to ride in. they dont know what to do when it comes to getting around an accident, navigation through roadwork, how to deal with complicated traffic issues, and they dont even know how to pull in and out of drive ways or pull over. i would not trust a car that cant even get out of the drive way or stop on the side of the road. if it cant do these things people could get very hurt because the car doesnt know what to do. i wouldnt get a driverless car for fear of not being safe. driverless cars can malfunction. these cars could malfunction and put anybody in harms way because of something that went wrong. we know that they dont know how to pull over, pull in or out of a driveway,deal with traffic issues, or go around roadwork and accidents. they obviously arent safe to ride in and on top of that everything with technology at some point malfunctions and messes up. the question is do you want to be in the car when it does that? what if it takes the wrong route and you become lost, what if it stops moving and causes and accident? i dont want to be the person who had the malfunctioning driverless car that hurt someone do you? we know that they arent safe and that they can malfunction but whose going to pay for that? you or the manufacturer? what if its not your fault and the car messes up and instead of the company taking responsibilty for what happened you have to. there are going to be tons of cases that will fight about whos fault it is and you may never actually know butone of you still has to pay the expensises of the car and not everyone can do that. some peole cant afford to pay that cost of the damage that the car makes but sometimes its not going to be fair and people will still have to do it. laws will have to be changed to about traffic and liability and not everyone is going to agree with them and it can cause trouble. its to much trouble to pay for the messes the cars make on the streets and in the court room. we know that the driverless cars arent safe, they can malfunction, and that they can cause trouble in the court room. i wouldnt put myelf in danger by waiting till something happend to be against it. i dont want people to wait till someone gets hurt, lost, or loses money in a court case to realize that we shoul not have driverless cars.