making cars that are driverless will not be a good idea because there are many troubles that comes with it. many people think that by making driverless cars they are becoming safer. people does not need driverless cars to become safer. they just have to obey the law and do whats right. they should obey speed limit signs. just because there are driverless cars does not mean that everyone is safe. there are a majority of people around the world who uses cars that needs a driver. if we change that then we will have to change the whole world. just because someone bought a driverless car does not mean that everyone is going to buy it so that still puts people in danger. humans will also get bored when they dont get to drive anymore because they are so use to driving. the article stated, wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? this is telling us that if driverless cars are invented then drivers would eventually get bored. one of the things that teens looks forward to in life is geting their learners permit. it gives them a sense of freedom. if driverless cars were introduced, would we still need to take our drivers test? driverless cars would crush the dreams of many teens because now they will not have the option of driving themselves. the reason that a teen looks forward to driving is because its fun and they have a sense of freedom on the places that they want to go. we should not develop any more driverless cars because it would take away our freedom. the car could also become disfunctional in the middle of a highway and that would be a huge problem if no drivers are there to take over. we would also have to replace the world with driverless cars if we are going to keep on developing it because just a few cars will not make a big difference. we also have to realize that we are taking away the happiness of many teens because they will not have the option to drive. many drivers will also become bored when they have nothing to do. we should stop the development of driverless cars.