technology is so amazing nowadays. imagine a technology that could tell your emotion...well, it is a thing. the technology that can see and detect your emotion, it is called the facial action coding system. this technology could be very useful in some situations. professer thomas huang is the inventer behind this magnificent technology, also with the help of professer nicu sebe. professer thomas and his colleague are very brilliant and are coming up with better ways for computers to be even more smart. this technology may even be useful in classrooms. the facial action coding system can tell your emotions. it all starts when the computer comes up with a d model of the face it will be indentifying the emotion for, it will look at the  biggest, and most useful muscles of the face, any movemnt of any muscle can show how you are feeling and the emotion you have. the muscle called frontalis pars lateralis, is the muscle that moves and does the most when you have an excited or suprised emotion. the muscle called the orbicularis oris is the muscle around your mouth that tightens when you are angered. the facial action coding system can detect all emotions. if you are happy, sad, angry, suprised, disgusted, or in a state of fear, the facial action coding system can detect the emotion. the image may not always show a singe emotion, the model being shown could be happy, but still could be in fear of something, the technology will detect it. the technology can detect a single emotion, yet it can detect weather an image has a mixed emotion. the mona lisa picture is a good example to use explaining this technology. professer thomas huang used this technology on the picture of mona lisa and it not only said what emotion was in mona lisas face, but it calculated the percent of what the image was showing. the facial action coding system calculated that the image of mona lisa was  perecnt happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. all technology could buffer sometimes. this could be a downfall in the technology. never rely on the technology always working properly. the facial action coding system may be a great invention, but it may not calculate the model perfectly everytime. the facial action coding system could be a great oppurtunity for students in classrooms, not only could they just see the emotion that the model or image is feeling, but they will know the percent and the exact emotions the image is showing. the students could learn more about the face muscles and how they play a big part in what emotion an image is feeling. it would be very valuable for the facial action coding system to be in classrooms for students to get to use.