would you want to live on venus? if you had a choice would you stay on earth or leave and go live on venus? well if you were to even want to live on venus you will come up with many challenges. exploring venus is challenging enough there are some dangers that you have to look out for. venus has the hottest suface tempature of any planet in our solor system,high pressure and heat,erupting volcanoes,powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the author of this artice makes very detailed explanations on to why this is very challlenging to explore let alone live. venus is referred as the twin planet to our earth, but if venus is so inhospitable why are scientists to making plans for more people to visit. yes many astronomers are very amussed and fascinated by venus but does that make up for the fact that venus is very dangerous? ...it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar sytem.if this is true then why is it so dangerous now? why can people live in venus and earth? venus stil has features that are just like earth. for example,...surface of rocky sediment and includes familar features such as valleys,moutains,and craters....recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit.. ...researchers cannot take samples of rock,gas,or anything else from a distance....would need yo get up close and personal despite the risks. or maybe we should think of them as challenges.if the reacherers cant take some samples of the real life object how can we reallt test them the right way and ger correct information about them. if they can get information then we wonr ever know if som say we would be able to have life on another planet. could you imagine being on another taking picture to remember exactaly how things were? well keep using you imagination just like the scientists.modern computures are enormously powerful,flexible,and quick,but tend to be more delicate when is comems to extreme physical conditons. just imagine exposing a cel phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin.would your pictures even ,make it back to earth? due to th high pressure and heat,erupting volcanoes,powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface, most things wouldnt survie on venus. you could bake to death over there. everything would melt. it is to dangeous to explore on venus but we can all hope one day that it would be safe enough for good research on that planet earths twin.