do you ever dream of going to venice, italy, a city with streets of water, or tour a excavated castle in crete or marvel at the panama canal on your way to china? the unrra started hiring seagoing cowboys at the end of world war ii. these cowboys helped haul animals across the ocean to help with their food supply. once luke bomberger had hauled  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. its an amazing experience that many people would love. first of all, being on board across the ocean meant ways to pass time. luke also found time to have fun on board, especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animnals had been housed. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games helped pass time. secondly, you get to see amazing places all over the world. as i said at the beginning, luke got to wittness the trips through venice, italy and a castle in crete. i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. but seeing the acropolis in greece was special, so was taking a gondola ride in venice, italy, a city with streets of water. luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. last but not least, you get to help the people by sending them food. it was , world war ii was over in europe, and many countries were left in ruins. to help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined together to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration unrra hired seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. luke and don signed up. most people might say that scince you are overseas, it could be dangerous. yes it could, luke cracked his ribs while trying to avoid falling into the atlantic. ironic, isnt it? but it is a lot of fun going across the oceans with some friends. remember that it is fun, you get freetime to do whatever you want, that you can see amazing places like venice, italy, and you get to help hundreds of people. but being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the world to him. im grateful for the opportunity, he says. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs.