driverless cars seem to be a good idea and also a bad idea. driverless cars seem nice, innovative and great for lazy or inept people, but what enviormental, economic, efficency,and safety concerns come into play with these driverless cars? driverless cars need an abundant amount of sensors to reach maximum efficency. this sounds like a massive amout of capital is needed inorder to produce these cars. if it costs alot of money to produce the driverless cars, then theyre going to be sold for alot of money. not everyone will be able to afford these cars, and half of the people that can afford these driverless cars have someone chauffer them around and dont drive themselves. why spend all of this money to produce these cars if people arent really going to be able to buy them? driverless cars dont seem all that efficent either. they can only travel up to  mph. yes this can be modified, but by how much, to the full speed of an average car? and will these cars actually reach the point where they will be completely driverless, or is this development another wateful expense of taxes? if the driverless cars require still require a driver, why produce the car? safety and liability concerns affect the choice of driverless cars greately. if the driverless cars do get developed to the point where they are fully automated without a driver neccessary, then driving laws have to be altered. if someone happens to get into a car accident while in a driverless car is the car company held accountable for car malfunction, or is the driver held accountable? how can one for sure be able to trust that these cars are absolutely onehundred percent safe? if laws lean towards the favor of the driver not being held accountable, which seems like the more than likely way it will happen, then the driverless car company will face alot of charges against them in the event of a car accident. an environmental safety concern is will the cars be more prone to emitting harmful substances into the air than normal cars, or will they be more environmental friendly than normal cars? however, driverless cars do sound like a good idea for those who have to travel long distances and dont want to stop along the way, or dont feel like driving. even for the elderly who may have to make a quick errand, but cant drive for preacutionary reasons. the driverless cars sound like they will reduce the amount of car accidents significantly which is always a good thing. if these concerns and stipulations are taken into careful consideraton and applied then i would support the development of driverless cars. if theyre not then no i wouldnt support the development of driverless cars.