driverless cars are supposed to be the big idea of the future, but are they really that safe? i personally do not think that driverless cars are a good idea for three main reasons. the first reason is that even though technology has advanced incredebly over the past decade, it still isnt safe enough to trust with our lives. the second reason is that most driving laws focus mainly on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, which wont happen if we continue to work on driverless cars. for the last and final reason, we should not continue to make and produce driverless cars because if somebody is injured or there is a wreck, who would be the one at fault? technology has advanced incredibly over the past couple of years from iphones to macbooks, and even hoverboards, but creating driverless cars is going a bit overboard because of certain safety regulations. in the passage it says that the incar system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern which i am sure they want to be correct, but can one truly trust that that statement is honestly correct? think about how many lives would be put in danger if the driver of the vehicle wouldnt have to do anything but trust that technology would take control for them. a person that is manually driving themself is way safer that driverless cars as it says in the passage most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. the passage also supports this claim by stating, presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. in some states such as california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia it is even illegal to test computer driven cars. the last reason that driverless cars should not be legal is because if somebody wrecks and has an injury or dies, who would be the one at fault? if car companies continue to try and invent this type of car, many changes must be made in order to keep people safe. in the passage it suggests that, still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if one were to get into a wreck and kill somebody or some people because of driverless automotives, they would end up being taken to jail because of murder, and they would also have to live with the fact that they ended someones life for the rest of theirs. driverless cars may seem like a great idea in technology advances at the moment, but when one gets out onto the road with this type of vehicle anything can happen, whether it is a glitch in the system or a malfunction of some sort. i personally do not think that driverless cars are a very good invention because they do not seem safe at all, laws focus on driver, passenger, and pedestrian safety, and if someone was to be injured in a wreck of some sort then nobody would know who or what was at fault. technology has advanced so much over the past decade, but instead of taking the technology we do have and making something so creative but yet so dangerous, we should just simply make somthing that would or could not possibly end lives.