is your job boring,do you also love animals? well im luke bomberger and i love animals every single kind. today i will like to explain why you guys should join the seagoing cowboys program. i will also tell you what we do in the program and some reasons you should join this program. in this program we will be helping alot of farm animals and taking care of them. the reason you should join is because alot of these animals need help and they shouldnt have to die because people dont want to take care of them.so if you like farm animals then you should join. i will be explaining why you guys should join the seagoing cowboy program and what we will be doing to make a diffrence. so after i graduated high school and got two parttime jobs at a store and a bank then, one day one of my friends came up and asked would i like to go to europe with him i couldnt say no because it was once in a lifetime thing. then in  when world war ll was over and alot of countries were not normal. then  nations joained together to help them all they help supplies them with food,animals,and more but thats not the point. the point is that there was alot of farm animals that needed to be taken care of. they shipped then overseas and that is when me and my friend signed up to help them because we know that those animals needed our help. in the conclusion, i think all yall who love animals farm animals or not should join. these animals shouldnt have to die because people wanted to go to war. they help us live by giving us milk and food so we should help them live. you all should sign up today and come join me and my friend we need all the help make a big diffrence in these animals lives.if you dont sigh up then remeber all the animals around you and what if they was just like these farm animals. would you help them ? well is so then you should sign up know and help these animals they are not that diffrent they should hae the best life that they can they are like us people they need water and food to live and also care.