have you ever wondered how we could try to prevent a big problem with teens in this country? yes, teens may have a lot of problems that need attention including drama, drugs, alcohol, and bullying. but the biggest of them all, which people sometimes try to hide, would probably have to be suicide. with this new technology it could help find the ealy signs of a teen about to do self harm, and thats just one thing that this technology could help. wondering what this new technology is? facial action coding systems, it could help our schools in many ways but here are just a select few of them, by making students be more productive, by keeping students out of trouble, and ultimately by helping prevent self harm. my first point is that this new technology can help students be more productive. as said in paragraph  lines  through  this program could recognize when a student is getting bored with the lesson just by the way the mucles are strained on the students face and change the lesson up a little bit to make it more appealing to learn just like an effective human instructor. people may argue that this will just make our students get even more distracted and make trouble with out an instructor.which comes to my next point. this program can also help keep our students out of trouble. if this technology keeps changing the lesson so the students dont get bored or distracted then that will keep them on task instead of carrying on with their friends and causing a ruckus in class. which will then lead to higher test scores and just an over all better education for the students.which then people may also argue that with the automation and not as much human confrontation it could make our students feel alone and think about making bad decisions as in self harm or even harm to others. my last and most strong point would be that this technology could help prevent self harm within the student body which is a huge problem with teenagers these days. this technology can help detect early signs of depresion and many other mental illnesses. which would be amazing because then the students that would need help would get the help that they needed before they make a bad decision as in self harm. yes people may say that technology is taking over the world and that it is a horrible thing, but with the studentskids these days thats all that they really rely on and no its not a good thing but nor is it a bad thing. if we can keep changing technology and improving it to help more and more people all over than why dont we? so as i conclude this essay i would have to say yes this technoloy will more than likely do very well in our schools, and more than likely after a while something else better will come along and take its place but for now this would probably be the best decision for this country and the students to help them be more productive, by keeping them out of trouble, and ultimately by helping prevent self harm.