source  what is the electoral collage? by the office of the federal register the electoral college is a proccess,not a place. the founding established it in the u.s. constitution as a compromise between election of the president and the congress and the election of the president by a polpular vote of qualified citizens. paragraph,  sentance, . the electoral college consists of  electors a majority of  electors votes are required and is reqiured to elect the presidentparagraph  sentance . so i belive that electoral college should be at most the most effecient way of electing a president because they have to persude the electorates to be on their side in order to get elected. wich is much harder to do that pursudeing the people there for giving us a good honest president than one that will lie or try to hurt the public in any way because, i belive if their are officials going to vote for our nations president they will be much more careful of their decision,putting our nation in better hands. source  in defenceof the electoral collagefive reasons to keep our method of choosing the president by richard a. posner reason  certainty of outcome dispute over the out come is possibleit happend in  but its less likely than a dispute between popular vote. the reson is that winnning candidates share of electoral collage invariably exeeds his share of the popular vote. reason   everyones president the electoral college requirs canadates to have transregional appeal. no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. so a solid regional such as mitt romneywas in the south,has so innocently favored for he gain electoral vote by increasing his plurality in those states and if done he know hell win. reason   swing states the winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces the canidatesas we saw in s election to focus their campaign efforts on the toss up states. voters in toss up states are more likeley to pay close attention to the campeign to really listen to the competeing canidates knowing that they are going to decide the election. they are likeley to be on the most thoughtful votes, on averageand futher reason they will have recived the most information and attention from the canidates, and the most thoughtful voters should be the one to decide the election. reason   big states the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states have by population lose by virtue of the malapportionmentof the senate decreed in the constitution. the popular vote was very close in florida  never the less obama, who won that vote got  electoral votes. a victory by the same margin in woyming would net the winner got  electoral votes. reason   avoid runoff elections the electoral college avoids runoff elections wich no canindate recives a majority of the votes cast. for example , nixion in  and clinton both had only  plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral college. there is pressure for runoff elections when no canidate wins a majority of the votes cast that pressure,wichwould greatly complicate the presidential election processes. so you see that is is easier and less complex to do an electoral vote instead of a popular vote. thats why i think it is manditory that we keep the electoral collage because it is a more orginized system that prevents some of the problems we see today.