driverless cars, a thing of myth or an invention of the future? according to the article scientists have been workin on the driverless car project since the s. in the s general motors created a concept car that could run on a spcial track. the track was embeded with electrical cable that sent radio signals to a reciever on the car. this was proven to be safe and reliable, however the cost would be astronomical to put the cabels needed in all the roads. in the s automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. within  years, those sensors have become so advanced that they could detect and respond to dangerous out of control skids or rollovers. in  bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors made sure the driver kept their hands on the wheel incase of an emergency. automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems that they are currently facing will be solved. tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  pervent of the time. mercedes benz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can be driven by themselves by . saftey is a big concern with the driverless vehicles,most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. law makers know that saftey is best achieved with alert drivers. currently traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times, because of these laws most states consider it illegal to even test the driverless cars. in california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia they allow some testing of driverless cars. it is projected over time that as scientists provide more data showing that driverless cars are safe and reliable more states will revise their driving laws. with my current position on driverless cars i dont see the point. what is the point in being able to not drive? if your tired the car can take over for you, but if your alseep and the car has a malfunction not only your safty but other peoples safty around you as well. in close driverless cars have a long way to come before they are considered to be truely driverless. i think we can expect to see a huge leap in knowladge on this subject in the next five to ten years. as scientists spend more and more time on this project who knows what they will acomplish. only time will tell if driverless cars are truely an invention of the future or a busted myth.