do you really think that there is aliens on mars just because there is a formation of a face landform on mars? many people believe that there is other lifeforms living in our solar system like the people who think there are aliens on mars. these people think this way because there appears to be a landform on mars that looks like a face, but these people are wrong. the face on mars is nothing but a natural landform, and just because it is there, does not mean that there has to be aliens up there. the face looking landform on mars is just a natural landform, and does not mean there is aliens living on mars. according to the article, it states that,  it was only another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia. this proves that this is not the only time this has happened on mars, and does not mean that there is aliens on mars just because of a naturally occuring landform. some people thought is was an alien artifact and that means that aliens had to have lived there. the article states that,  although few scientists believed the face was an alien artifact. so very few scientists believed this was true, which is not very many, and these are people who studied this for a while and only a few think that aliens are living on mars because of this landform. then a man named jim garvin took a photo of the landform when he had the chance and also revealed that the face was just a natural landform. the last paragraph in the article states that the picture shows that these types of landforms are common. so research has told us that this face on mars is not an alien artifact, but just a naturally occuring landform. there are many reports and research on this topic, but has all lead to the face just being a landform. there are probably still people who believe in this theory, but they cant see what really is just a landform and not some made up nonsense about how something that looks like a face on a planet means that there had to be aliens living there. that simply does not make sense.