the author of the challenge of exploring venus. did a bad job of supporting his claims that we should study venus despites the danger that presents. his information was plentyful it gaves us a good idea on what he believes and whats happening to further their opinion. unfourtanely it didnt provide us with enough good follow up supports. first off with his first and second reasons being astronmers are fascinated by venus due to the possiblity of it being it earth like previously and thats its still has some earth like features. this is stated in paragraph four as it states astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. and astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. despite these good points he doesnt further it more in paragraph four he only states that it can be our nearest option for a plantary which adds nothing to the claim and isnt a good follow up of what they said previously. his third reason is in paragraph  the last paragraph and it isstriving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself. this is a really good claim but the author only follows it up wih human curiosty will just lead us into equally intimidating endaevors which adds pretty much nothing in regards to his claim. paragrph  is the final paragraph and its a horrible placement to put your final reasoning. overall the author reasons are good but it lacks any follow up support to back it up. while giving information for context is great the author over did it and it took up the majority of the paragraphs leaving no room to put some of their reasons in more early paragraphs to catch the readers attention. many follow up to their reasons added nothing to the authors claim making it usless information. it wouldnt have been so bad if the author hade made it less an info dump and more reasoning to help their claim.