driverless cars sound like a good idea when it comes to knowing you wont have to use the pedals unless you are in a tough situation. this can be helpful to those who have broken their leg so they cant drive a normal car. but with this new car, they could drive in non harming areas. this could do more harm to people than help them though. if the driver in the new car would wreck they wouldnt know whos fault it would be, the drivers or the manufacturers. if someone gets injured in the driverless car, whether it be if the technology failed or just an accident, the company may get sued or have to pay the hospital bill. this could be bad if the driver thinks the car will comepletely take over the driving for them and they dont pay attention. this could lead to themselves or someone else getting badly hurt. this car would be a good help to those who dont have much money because it uses less fuel than a normal car, and they wouldnt have to pay to ride the bus. the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexability than a bus. it is good that the touch sensors make the driver hold onto the wheel so they dont get distracted. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. this can help, but not totally get rid of, accidents and injuries because it doesnt let the driver get distracted. the new car would harm people with all these sensors they put into the car to tell the driver when its time to take over may make the driver on the other side of the road distracted if its a light. when the car is driving by itself most of the time, it can possibly cause more accidents than before. tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. when the car is on autopilot for that much time, the driver can easily get distracted by the most random things. examples of this would be looking out the window or talking to a friend in the car, and this would make you take your eyes off the road and you may not even realize it. after all this i think that they shouldnt make these cars because so far they havent had many crashes, but they might. the only difference between a normal car and a new driverless car is that it drives for you when you are driving on an open highway. their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. these cars arent really a big change from a normal car and a normal car i think is far more safer for yourslef and everyone else on the road.