all of our developement since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change said david goldberg. nowadays cars are our main source when it comes to transportation. limiting your car usage should absolutely be more important in todays society. its plently of things going on around us that most are unaware about, and limiting your car usage can be one thing to start helping to prevent these issues. most cars give off alot of pollution in the cities you live in an that effects animals. for example the oil spill was a major problem in the ocean and that killed alot of animals an demolished most of the sea life environmental foodchains. the capital of france had an intensifying amount of smog, but car traffic tended to decreased  after  days. beijing china was known as the most polluted cities in the world. diesel fuel was the blame. you could even try those cars that dont require gas so the cities could be less polluted, but theres disadvantages to those cars as well. at one point of time gas prices were sky high and people werent really satisfied with it. now gas prices have decreased an people are even more satisfied an happy to get gas. saving up on gas would help out alot to in todays world as well. how? because everything in life has a big fat price tag on it so to help save up to get better things or things you need you can probably go for not paying for gas as much. everyday around  or  theres something called  traffic. when everyone is just about getting off work, headed to night school, going to the store, or whatever the case may be. this is the craziest time of the day to drive an your just ready to get home an dont feel like dealing with traffic.... you can take the city bus, subway, or maybe even walk if its not far. some people may call you crazy but it reduces the amount of money being spent on gas. its only maybe like cents to ride the city bus i believe...but the point is your saving money. then by the time you finally decide oh i would like to drive my car your tank would be full cause you havent been driving it so you wouldnt have to stop for gas. the environmental protection agency is promoting  car reduced communities, and legislators are starting to act. many experts expect public transportation to play a larger role in a new  year federal transportation bill approved this year, said mr. goldberg. walking isnt always quite bad. look on the bright side your burning calories, shedding pounds, and if you run your building you endurance. instead of having to drive to a gym far away walk to a nearest one an have a pre workout by jogging or running there. same thing applies to bicycling. nowadays since majority of the united states own cars traffic is horrible at certain hours of the day. most people are too impatient for the wait or become aggressive drivers which is most likely to cause accidents. maybe your ready to get home after a horrible day or your really tired from work an you realize your about to run into  traffic an itll be forever until you finally get home. if taking the city buses or subways you wont have to deal with all that pressure. on a city bus you can just have a seat chit chat with other people as they hop on or just relax until you get to your destination. if your really tired you could just tell someone to wake you up when its time to. at least itll be better then you being behind the wheel. if your workplace is walking or bicycling distance then you should feel even better to just scroll past all the people having to deal with the traffic. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. fellow citizens should understand the advantages of limiting their car usage because of the pollution, to save up on gas, and less stress to deal with traffic. maybe one day cities would take more action an save up on gas for these reasons.