i think that driverless cars are a very bad idea for many reasons. i do not think that a vehicle moving without anyone in it is a good idea. they sound cool but they wouldnt work well at all. have you seen the commercials where a man has a talking car and he says something that aggrevates the car and the car locks its doors? i think that that would probably end up happening. i think that a vehicle could have malfunctions and end up harming anyone in it because they couldnt get it to stop or get the doors open to jump out. everyone thinks that more is always great but it isnt. a vehicle is made to be driven by a person. thats something teenagers look forward to. they cant wait to get their permit and license to drive around or go pick out their very first vehicle. no one wants a vehicle that can drive by its self. i think that if i was a parent i wouldnt want to put my children in a vehicle that ran by itself because id have a constant fear that something will happen and they would get injured. wrecks happen, how would a driverless car know when to stop if an accident had just occured seconds before? how could it stop buy itself? if their had to be a driver in there just incase something would to happen wouldnt it make since for them to just drive anyway? what if they fell asleep and the vibrating seat or the flashing lights didnt wake them up? what would happen then? i think that we do need vehicles that take less gas and are bigger but i do not believe that we need cars that run by theirselves. sometimes with the ways people drive an automatic car sounds like a good idea but you need to think of all the ways that it could be a wrong idea too. many people will end up buying the car when it comes out because they wanna see what it does and everyone else will be doing it too. but i wont be one of those people. id rather drive all night driving somewhere than to fall asleep in my automatic car and not wake up because it stalled and i got wrapped around a tree. the driverless car sounds more like a bad idea everytime it goes through my mind. i do not think that it is a good idea. i think that it will make auto accidents be the number one reason for deaths for a very long time. none of the things it includes is a good enough reason for someone to lose their life because their vehicle wouldnt stop on an icy road or multiple other reasons. i think that the manufacturers making these cars are just asking for lawsuits.