i am strongly against the development of these cars . first , whats the point in making a car thats functions by itself ? cars were made to be driven by humans not by themselfs . why spend so much money and time in trying to develop something , when theres no garrented that anybody will buy them or they will even function properly . its just telling drunk drivers or high drivers to get behind the wheel of a car , nothing bads going to happen your not driving so nothings your fault . second , are traffic laws were made to keep pedestrains , drivers , and passengers safe . in this article  driverless cars are coming  they give you a question  who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer ?  . when anything bad happens on the road , i feel as if its the manufacturer falt . they basically say there is no need in watching the road when you drive now are cars will take car or everything  eat , talk , text , sleep , smoke , do as you please . they have flashing lights , entertainment , information systems that use headsup display to warn a driver when he or she must take over . with knowing this drivers really wont pay attention now a lot horrible things can happen , the only thing that will improve is how one can drive perfectly in a straight line . thrid , how do we even know the driverless car works right ? how do we know it wont malfunction ? kill us ? or even catch its ownself on fire ! we know nothing of this driverless car and what its truly capable of . can it stop correctly at a stop light or a yeild sigh , can it reprogram to drive itself at the right speed limit . slow down when a pedestrian , dog , raccoon , or even a squirral has entered the road . lastly , my question is why build something to out smart the system when the system is good already ? we already drive everywhere we need to go , if not driving we walk . the traffic laws are fine they prevent dangrous accidents already , everybody follows then an know them  and those who dont follow get a free trip the the police station . why confuss people , switch , or even change some laws to protect the driverless car and its manufacturer . im against the driverless car for many reason and i still have many questions about the development . you shouldnt take something so simple and make it into something so complicated , just leave things how they were meant to be .