in the artical making mona lisa smile, the author describes how a new technology called the faicial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotion. the decussion about the faicial action coding system being good or bad has been brought up. i agree with the clame that the faicial action coding system is actually good and could be usefull. one sorse of evidence suporting why i agree the facial action coding system is a good thing. it states in the selection that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this would be a good thing to have because now in days almost all class lessons are starting to be set up on computere. say the teacher is looking at her computer and the students are all looking at their computers how would the teacher be able to look at everyones faces and see their emotions towards the lession because your face emotions say it all they say and tell exactly what your feeling. it also states the computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored. with this technology the teacher wouldnt have to worry about is her students getting the lession or not or if its to easy and boring for some students. the computer would do it for the teacher. this would also allow the teacher to persicely point out who knows what they are doing and how need help. with most students they wont say anything if they arent getting the lesson because either they are afraid to say something or dont feel comfterable asking for help. with the facial action coding system the student wount have to say anything because the computer would pick it all up just by the face your making. dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. meaning the facial action coding system could change the lesson acording to your face emotions. to eitther make the lesson harder cause the computer picks up that you are bored, or make the lesson a little eaiser because you face emotions show you are confused and not getting it. another reason why the facial action coding system is a good thing is becaue it could tell what the subject of some paintings are. most famous paintins the artist is dead so they arent here to explain what their painting means or is showing so with the facial action coding system it can do it for us. take the mona lisa for example everyone always says that not a smile what is leonardo da vinci trying to exspress with this painting. shes  happy,  disgusted,  fearful, and  angry. this was able to be identified by the facial action coding system. allowing us to know what everyone has been asking about the painting the mona lisa. another reason why the facial action coding system is a good idea is the computer can pick up not only one emotion but yet pick up mixed emotions. this computer wont just allow you to pic up if the person is happy, sad, or mad. it could pick up if the person is worried or anciest at the same time and you would be able to know exactly how they feel. when you look at a person you can only pick of mixed emotions if the person tells you exactly how they feel but with the facial action coding system it can tell you without even having to ask. also it could tell you if they are hiding their feelings and dont want to tell you how they really feel. the facial action coding system is a good thing and a good idea because it can denifit teachers in class to be able to tell if their students are getting the lesson or not, be able to explain art when the artist is dead and cant tell you what hes trying to exspress, and can also tell you exactly how someone feels even when they dont tell you exactly how they feel. these were just a few examples of how the facial action coding system can be usefull and im sure there are plenty more.