car use all over the world has tried to be reduced throughout the years in attempt to save the environment by using fewer green house emissions, air pollution, and smog. participating in these measures can help. if all countries would participate, this could make a huge revolution for the world and the environment. in vauban, germany the roads are almost completely car free. there are a few exceptions, but they come with a cost. exceptions according to rosenthals source , paragraph  include, car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park large garages at the edge of the development, where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home. this action allows people to purchase a vehicle, but reduces the amount of people buying them because of the exorbitant additional cost for a parking garage and having to buy a house in that area too. as stated in paragraph , of source , it has resulted in  of vaubans families do not own cars and  percent sold a car to move here. also sated in paragraph , source , the people who had cars in the past were always stressed, but now without cars their stress levels have gone down, and they are much happier. positively, in response to the people eliminating most of the car use, vaunban has built stores and malls that are in walking distance of the people, paragraph , source . in paris, smog levels have been at their alltime high. in response to these problems, paris has come up with a system that still allows driving, but reduces the amount of drivers. their system, according to paragraph , of source , is on monday motorisrs with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. this would not only reduce smog, but also traffic jams, rush hours, and congestion by  says source , paragraph . this leaves paris with a winwin. less traffic leading to less stress, and less smog resulting in a healthier city. bogota, columbia participated in a car free day too. as a result, like many others, it reduced pollution and stress. it caused a happier, healthier environment. people who didnt participate were fined . if you offer a punishment, it will allow people to participate because they dont want to be fined. also, offering other forms of transportation such as a bus, bycicles, or skating propel people to do it because they know there will be other forms of ways to get to where they need to go. negatively, people need to be at a certain place, on a certain time, resulting in their rebellion to take place in the activities held in the city. positively, the large amount of participation has resulted in the growth of parks, sportcenters, malls, and reconstruction of sidewalks to promote fewer car uses, says source , paragraph . elisabeth rosenthal really touches on the reduction of greenhouse gas emmision because it is better for the environment and for the health of the people worldwide. if technology continues to advance, like it has in the past years, people can continue to communicate over the phone and use car pulling to reduce the amount of cars driven daily. sharing cars or reducing the amount we get to use them, will also supplement safety for people by reducing car crashes which could save many lives.