dear, senator i agree in favor yo keep the electoral college . beacause the founding fathers etablished it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and elction of the president by a poular of qualified citizens. we would not want to change the constitution that are great founding fathers had once made before. under the rd amendment of the constitution of the district of columbia is allocated electors and treated like a state for purpose of the electoral college. for this reason in the word state also is refers to the district of columbia . each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. you help choose your states electors when you vote for i agree in favor yo keep the electoral college . beacause the founding fathers etablished it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and elction of the president by a poular of qualified citizens. we would not want to change the constitution that are great founding fathers had once made before. under the rd amendment of the constitution of the district of columbia is allocated electors and treated like a state for purpose of the electoral college. for this reason in the word state also is refers to the district of columbia . each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. you help choose your state electors when you vote for president because when you vote for a canidiate you are actually voting for your candidates electors. whatis wrong with the electoral college . under the electoral college system voters vote not for the president but for the slate of electors who in turn elect the president . the single best arguement againt the electoral college is what we might call the disaster facter. the american people should consider themselves lucky that the  fiasco was the biggest election in the century the system allows for much worse. prehaps most worrying is the prospect of the election vote would be tied in the elctorlal vote. in that case the election would thown to the house of represenitives where state delegation vote on the president . in conclsion this is why we should keep the electoral college. because they have plans for back up and everything is orginised for america.