facial action coding system should be used in classrooms. this new technology can help students avoid unwanted articles or advertisments, recieve more help, and become genuinely happy. when students go online to do research for a project, they come accross different websites. the internet is full of useful information, but it can also show us innapropriate images or unwanted advertisments. students can get rid of this by just frowning. paragraph six states, ...if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. the new technology can help students avoid bad articles and advertisments. students will recieve more research material that is reliable and useful for projects. not only is their studying going to improve, but their comprehension in lessons. when students study or go through a lesson online, they may become confused or even bored. students will make a confused facial expression, and the computer will recognize it. paragraph six of the article states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the computer will give the student more help as if it were a real instructor. their comprehension of the lesson will be better because they will get more help. students would recieve a better instruction that is compatible with their own needs. making facial expresions to make the computer help the students learn will also make the student happier. when people smile they genuinely feel happiness, so when students smile to the computer that they understand the lesson, they become happier. paragraph nine of the article states, according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. the computer will give the student their own personal needs in learning and when that makes the student smile, they will feel the true emotion of happiness. like the article states in paragraph nine, putting on a happy face actually works! students will benefit greatly if the facial coding system is installed in schools. it will make the internet a better place to research, address each student with their own learning needs, and make students happier learners. new technology is expanding and the future is waiting for us. if we want to help the education of students and their ability to feel emotions and not become robots in the future, we must put the facial coding sytem in schools.