aproximately about twentyfive years ago, nasas viking  spacecraft was orbiting planet earth. while trying to capture priceless photos of possible landing sites for its sister ship viking , the camera spotted out a deceiving, mysterious, shadowlike figure that looked similar to a human face. soon enough scientists discovered that this was just another martian mesa or as we may know, a natural landform. although, there was something unique about this landform. it had these keen, unsual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharoah. the quarrel that many of us can make is whether or not this face we have discovered is simply a natural landform that eroded and formed itself over time, or constructed by the hardmanship of aliens. from evidence and research, we can come to a conclusion that this has to be just a landform. what many people do nont realize is that they are basing their information off of not only psuedoscience, but theories and made up thoughts of what they think took place. for example, the theory that the american flag was not indeed put on the moon, that it was hollywood editing skills that made it seem like it. this is a connection that you can create knowing that these are simply made up thoughts which is fake science. theories may be convincing but take into consderation that there is clearly proof behind the pudding. according to research, it states, what the picture actually shows is the martian equiavalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. if this does not guarantee to float your boat then hear out how silly of what the conspiracy theorists have to say is. some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars, evidence that nasa wold rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. if the face was assembled by aliens in space then nasa would be the ones to want to figure this and be encouraged to want to crack this code by using real facts and evidence instead of thoughts and predictions. in a nutshell, the face found on mars is simply just a landform. the situation was blown out of porportion for example, it has starred in a hollywood film, books, magazines, radio talk shows, and haunted grocery stores for twentyfive years! this has not been the only case where these theorists have came into play. it is more reliable to understand and trust facts from hard research opposed to whats going on in the abyss of someone elses mind. you can bet that this will not be the only false assumptions from conspiracy theorists. watch out!