if i had to chose between against or for the idea of a driverless utopia. i would be in the middle. but since there is no middle, well im more leaning on against driverless cars. many people say it at first. the feeling of riding this mechanical beast, to and fro, from a to b. and i could see it being boring to drive a driverless car, that needs a driver to still remain alert. i mean why have the name driverless in there in the first place? might as well call it the extremly cautionary car. now im gonna pull evidence from the text but forgive me if the evidence sounds choppy. human skills, such as navigation through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert. the google car simply announces when the driver should prepared to take over. gm has a developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. my point is that these cars may drive themselves, but to a certain extent. in the end of the day, the driver has to have some modest of self control on the car. cause god knows how much chaos this would have on society itself. just imagine cars slamming against eachother, with innocents inside. or just going off a cliff and into a ditch. computer and codeings can only do so much, before its overencumbered. but also imagine the laws in place. how long and arduose the process it would be. making sure that the bill does not lean towards the individual as well as the manufacturer. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer?. and reading paragraph  automakers are continuing thier work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved i get the feeling of, well cross the bridge when we get there, syndrome. look if your gonna cross it. good luck, cause that is a very, very long bridge. some laws and bills take ten years before it finally goes to all the goverment branches. maybe even more, cause we are talking about bills that deals with innocent lives. everyone going to be scrutinizing this. or loving this. but im confindent that there is going to be a long debate over this. and there has been incedents where laws have been revoked. so if there was an accident that did occure, people are going to think maybe not. but hey who knows, i might be completely wrong. and i am okay with the idea of chilling while you car takes you to the mall or something, and no accidents ever occured. which would be cool. but i doudt that. but furtune favors the bold, so lets see what happens.