venus is a very hard planet to work on scientists want to study this planet because it can be a place where humans can live in the future. this planet is very hard no landing has ever survived more than  hours on the surface of venus. the atmosphere of venus is made of  percent carbon dioxide, clouds of sulfuric acid, and temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the atmospheric preasure on venus is almost  times what we experience on earth this can very easily crush a submarine that is made to explore the deepest parts of our oceans. some of the similarities that venus has in comparison to earth are that both of this planets have almost the same density size and sometimes is the closest planet to earth when venuses orbit is closest to earhts. why do scientist want to visit such a inhospitable planet like venus and why is it important for them to do this mission. scientists believe that venus was a very earth like planet because it has a rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters just like earth. a long time ago venus may even had large oceans arounds the surface. this oceans may had provided forms of life with a suply of water for plants and animals to live in venus scientists say it may have been a reality long time ago. venus whould have to be studied more to prove this but as i said before this planet is too inhospitable for humans to go there. nasa is planing on visiting this planet and they are preparing for it they are working on a blimplike vehicle. this vehicle will be floating  miles above the planet to avoid the hot surface that is at about  degrees. in the atmosphere it will be at  degrees much less than on the surface and atmospheric preasure will be just like our oceans. nasa says that operating this far above a planet will have a lot of down sides because most forms of light will not penetrate the dense atmosphere. also been a such high altitudes will not provide samples of rock, gasses on the survace, or anything that may help them know more about this planet.