street_address city_state_zip_code street_address city_state_zip_code dear senator, today i have been thinking about how we elect our prisedent. i have done some reseach and found out that we use the electoral college. some people thing the electoral college is good. other not so much, like bob dole and much more. well i also think the electoral college should be abolished. the electoral college give people the allusion that they have no chance and give bigger populated states more power. to start off, people in the united state of america vote for president. when in realaty they attualy vote for slate of electors and then that goes to the president.  under the elictoral college system, voters vote not for the president , but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. says in source  what is wrong with the electoral college. giving the feeling to people that the president they want will not win. let me give you an example from source  thanks to the quirks of the electoral college won the popular vote, but lost the presidency , over  percent of voters would prefer a direcet election. this mean the voters voted for him ,but he still lost. what if eveyone in you state vote for that guy and still lost, doesnt that give you the allusion that your vote has no chance? talking about states , did you know the electoral collegs also works on state population? each state has a population, giving them their electoral votes. president will target the bigger populated states to win their votes. giving the more populated state more power to do what they want. a larger state gets more attention from the presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does... in source . since the president wants to win and needs the electoral vote he will go to the states and do thing for them. like donate money for schools or help with businesses so they can have their votes. some state that get more attentionpower have are texas, florida, and califonia. saying in source . obama , who won that vote, got  electoral votes from florida said in souce . you know why? because a week before he came to schools in florida and helped them. i know because he came to my school. the electoral college should be abolished. it make people think they have no chance of winning and give more populated state more power. i think dole was right we should of abolished the elctoral college along time ago. can you do something about it senator?