in germany, life has been going on without cars for years. street parking, driveways and home garages have been generally forbidden in this experimental new district they have going on. vaubans streets are completely carfree except for a few streets on one edge of the community. vaubans families usually do not own cars, and some sell their cars to move. vauban, completed in , the united states was seperating the suburban life from auto use, as a component of the movement that is called smartplanning. gas emissions are huge to current efforts to make cities denser, and better for walking but these basic precepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to make public transportation more accessible. experts expect public transport to be much larger in a new federal transportation bill. unlike paris, paris is banning driving to clear the air of the global city. people were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a fine. a lot of drivers were fined. beijing, china were both known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. diesel was blamed, since france has tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. paris typically has more smog than any other capitals. because of the smog public transit was free of charge. bogota on the other hand had a carfree day. millions hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during this carfree day. this carfree day devoided traffic jams. the goal for this event was to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. carfree day turned out to be large. even rain didnt stop people from participating in this event. carfree day is also a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. cali and valledupar joined the event for the first time. other countries came to see this event. these people who invented a carfree day are generating a revolutionary change to todays world. the day without cars is part of an improvement in bogota in the mids. in todays world, president obama has ambitious goals to shift in american behavior. americas love affair with its vehicles seems to be slowing down by population growth. the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet new friends. cellphones and carpooling has been more flexible. pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commerical and public transportation are woven to connect network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. with all these changes, it all reflects to new priorites across the nation to fellow citizens to limit car usage in the future.