i am against driverless cars because those cars going to do nothing but cause trouble. we dont need any new cars thats not going to do anything but make our world a worse place. with driverless cars you never know when your going to have a accident or loose control of the car. i know i would like to have full control of the car that i am driving, not some robot car. all expenses would go up and everyone would have to work alot to even pay these priced cars off. driveless cars are dangerous and who would thinks these thing are save for our kids.drivng law focus onkeeping everyone in there car save.driverless cars are not even proven reliably safe. these cars could stop working at any time and what if its a beginner driving the car, what are they suppose to do? some electrical difficulties could happen and you have your kid in the car how are you suppose to save the both of you. there is some many things that could go wrong and i think its just a way to big of a risk to take.these experiments on these andvances cars are unnessecary when we have perfectly fine cars today. all they scientist and everyone else who is helping create the driverless are just wasting money. i feel that if these cars are invented taxes will go up and all prices will to.eventually noone is going to buy a car if their isnt goint to be a reason to. facts even show that some experiments havent been fully done because of finacial difficuties. i would like to say again that i am strongly against driverless cars their so unsafe, they bring poplution and unnessacary drama to the world, also driver cars are to expensive and is a waste of money. why waste money on something we already have. cars are ment to get us to a destination and back, theyre making some thing we could live in. who would even want to get out there cars when theirs all sort of intertainment, arent we suppose to be focuse on the road? robots might as well take over , what is going to be left for the humans to do? we cant even drive our own cars i would even waste all my money one some thing so stupid like that. is anyone going to be able to afford these things? wasting time and money for some driverless car that you cant even drive, things are getting out of hand.