ever since their creation, cars have been the main method of transportation. however, in recent times cars have become less popular because of the issues that they cause. limited car use would be very advantageous because vehicles discourage physical activity, make pollution, and cost everyone money. an advantage of limiting the use of cars is that they discourage physical activity. reliance on a motorized vehicle for transportation from place to place results in little to no physical activity. cars have replaced the use of bicycles, skateboards, and regular walking, their use seemingly reserved only for the youth. in a car free society such as vaunban, germany, the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children can be heard by anyone walking down the street source . this clearly shows that when cars are used less, people engage in more physical activity. this is the same case for bogota, columbia where the day without cars is a big hit. just in the third year of this event, over  miles of bicycle paths have been contructed in the city source . limiting the use of cars is definetely advantageous because they discourage physical acticity. limiting the use of cars would be incredibly beneficial because they make polluation. the billions of vehicles in the world create unbelievable amounts of pollution. in europe, passenger cars are respondible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions and up to  percent... in the united states source . the pollution from the increasing amounts of cars in compacted areas are chocking cities source . nearly nothing else creates that much pollution. the only thing that cars are second to in the polluation rates are the monstrous power plants that continuously belch smoke into the atmosphere source . if the use of vehicles decreases, then it will have beneficial impliciarions for carbon emissions and the environment source . this evidence clearly supports that the use of vehicles is causing a huge amount of pollution. thus, limiting the use of cars would be incredibly beneficial because they make pollution. decreased use of automobiles would be extremely advantageous because the they cost everyone money. expenses such as constant maintanance and fuel cost the average car owner a large chunk of their salary. in april , the average miles driven per person was down by  percent, equivalent to the rate in january  source . the most likely cause is that cashstrapped americans could not afford new cars source . the high cost of cars and their maintanace is a huge burden on the backs of the average vehicle owner. not only does vehicles cost the individual person, but they have large effects on the government. in the sixyear federal transportation bill, the cost of the highways was  percent, and only  percent was available to all other forms of transportation source . this issue has caused the legislators to get involved with the problem. obviously, decreasing the amount of automobiles would be extremely advantageous because they cost everyone money. limited car use would be very advantageous because vehicles discourage physical activity, make pollution, and cost everyone money.