smog. gas. pollution. many countries dont allow for people to have cars because they destroy the air that they are breathing. people and animals become sick from there being an abundance of pollution in the air that they are breathing. another factor that can be taken into consideration is that it can reduce the amount of traffic jams as well. do you think that the community that you live is effected by the pollution from cars. to start off, many districts are forbidding people have cars. in places near french and swiss boreders, citizens are forbidden from parking on streets, driveways, and home garages. citizens say that they feel less tense and happier without having their car. source  states that  vauban is seperating surburban life from auto use as a component of smartplanning. in elisabeth rosenthals passage it says that passenger cars are responisble for percent of greenhouse gass emissions in europe..... and up to  in some carintensive areas in the united states. in europe forbidding car use it is drastically reducing greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. over the past couple of decades, maybe even centries we have been centered around the automobile that has effected out health and daily lives because of the increase of pollution. also, the streets in europe are not as crowded as the streets in the united states. paris, more smog than any other european capital, has began to enforce a partial banning of cars to help clear the cities air. cars that run off of diesel gas tend to create more pollution than cars that run off of regular gas. sixtyfive percent of frances vehicles are fueled with diesel gas. by limiting the usage of these cars they will be contributing to the decrease of gas in the air. the increase of pollution has created a solution to help and decrease polluted air by making plugin cars, hybrids, and cars that are able to transport more than one person at a time. records and studies show that beijing,china is one of the many polluted cities in the world. another fact that is an advantage of limited car usage is little to no traffic jams. in colombian millions have began the day without cars where they use alternative forms of transpotation such as walking, biking, skating, and riding buses. day with out cars has promoted the use of alternative forms of transportation and smog reduction. since adults children and teens have reduced the limit of car usage the mayor of mockus has began the construction process of an  miles of bicycle paths, new parks, sidewalk, restaurants, and upscale shopping districts have been created for them to go to on their free time. many people have began to not be as interested in driving because gas prices, as well as pollution. their are many advantages to not limiting the usage of the automobile. it has reduced the amount of money that we spend, pollution and much more is also has helped us notice that there are alternatives to driving a car such as walking, riding the bus, and bike riding. you are also able to interact more with friends because the topic of car pooling has became very important and noticable. those are just a hand full of ideas and ways that limiting the usage of cars is effective.