its already hard enough expressing your own feelings, but trying to figure out someone elses can be a real challenge. feeling so many emotions at once can make people angry, frustrated, or even depressed because they dont know how to handle it all. emotions are hard to explain, after reading the article and seeing that a computer can read them in the blink of an eye than it might be safe to say that it could help people more than they think. the article says that the new program can tell even if youre faking a smile or pretending to be happy. being a teenager, knowing when someone is unhappy or pretending to be happy can be big thing. they might need to talk to someone but dont want to show it because they dont want to seen as weak or feel more emotion than they already do. if teachers had this technology in the computers to know how a student is feeling in class it could be a huge adavantage. that way a teacher can try and talk to the student or keep a close eye on them to make sure they get better. the article also says ... you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. its easy to fool someone with a look but this technology can analyze each muscle in the face and tell how the person actually feels. isnt it important for a teacher to know how a kid feels? they cant pay attention as much if something on their mind is taking most of their attention. when walking into a class, you can tell what kind of day it will be by seeing everyones expression on their face. throughout the day though, there can be so many different emotions going around. from a bully you can feel scared, sad, worried, depressed, and so many other emotions but you cant say anything because youre also afraid of the situation getting worse. anyone can fake emotions and people do it everyday just to get through it all. when no one is around though thats when we can let it all out and hope the next day will be different. how this technology can help is seeing if a student is feeling the same everyday whether it be a personal problem, bullying, feeling alone, or even depression. it can get worse everyday, but if a computer can see that it is faster than anyone else and alert a teacher that something is wrong then thats one kid saved from a whole life filled with those emotions. it could prevent the emotions after being bullied, after a loss, or even suicidal emotions. the hard thing is trying to connect with that person so they have the trust and strength to open up. its not easy opeing up to someone. people go around saying it isnt hard or the sooner you do, the sooner youll feel better!. what people sometimes dont think about is that how hard it really can be. the person trying to help cant feel those emotions they dont know what the other person is thinking about. the student could have a hundred thoughts going on inside their head but they dont wanna talk about it because if they do then they have to deal with all the emotions at once. its easier to hold it in than letting it all out. the technology is great and could help a lot of kids in need of someone or something to show how they truly feel. when a teacher sees how the kid feels, they can try in every way possible to make that kid feel safe so they feel compfortable opening up. the article says that the software reads the different muscles in our faces to show how we feel even if we are faking it. its like a lie detector for emotions! if a kid had someone walk up to them and ask if they are okay then the kid might lie this program could help show whats wrong without the kid saying a thing. it shows all the emotions the kid is feeling and then someone can help get down to what is making them feel that way. people feel different emotions everyday, and we, as people, make those emotions. we can create laughter to make someone feel happy or we can bully to make someone feel like theyre nothing. how people feel is something that seems only humans can explain, that no tech in the world can feel the same as we do. fortunetly, this tech doesnt have to feel, all it has to do is show what we feel. all we have to do is decide if we want to give it a chance or keep putting on that fake smile.