i think that the electoral votes should not decide who the president is. this is a nation where people have the right to vote, and the fact that the votes of the people dont even matter is not right. what is the point in even voting if our vote doesnt count, what is the point in the candidate giving speeches to the people if its all just for nothing. the popular votes are the ones that should be counted twards who becomes the president. people all over the country are told to vote, or are guilted into voting becomes its a right that we should be happy and proud to have but then the vote that we put on the ballot doesnt make a difference, its the electoral votes that really matter. what makes them more important than us. the electoral votes are not democratic. yes the electoral college does somewhat ballence out the big states from the little states based on population but that still doesnt matter. if over  of the united states votes for one person but then they lose to someone with a little more electoral college votes then are they really our president, we the people didnt vote for him so then why is he allowed to be our president. the founding fathers gave us the right to vote but the truth is that the vote isnt really real. i think we should just change it so that the people are the ones that get their votes counted because you cant tell us to go voted and then not even let it mean something. being able to vote is one of the things that we have that most other countries dont have, but the reality is that our vote is disregarded and somebody else makes the vote for us. do you think that people are going to want to vote for someone if it is basically just a waste of time. if the votes actually counted i bet a lot more people would go to the polls. people would be more interested in the speeches and wanting to listen to their views if they knew that their vote was important to the candidate. in  only about a half of the people who were eligible to vote didnt and that number could keep getting lower if we dont change it. the younger generation doesnt care right now because they already know that their vote doesnt matter. the electoral votes only have five reasons as to why they should stay. certain of outcome incase of dispute over the outcome everyones president requires candidate to have transregional appeal swing states winnertakeall method awarding electoral votes big states balances the small states and the big states population avoid runoff elections avoids both candidates havingno majority the electoral votes dont seem to be very american. the whole electoral college system is confusing and as said in the passage can voters control whom their electors vote for? not always. do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? sometimes. if we were to have a vote and the peoples votes actually counted that asked people if they want to keep the electoral college or get rid of it i bet over  of the people in this country would want to get rid of it.