i for one am against the manufacturing and widespread use of autonomous cars. for one, the cars arent even truly autonomous a driver is still required to even operate the vehicle. the cars are alos going to be very expensive. cars are already fairly expensive, but add in infrared and d recognition technology and cars will quickly go from something that is obtainable by anyone to something that is unheard of in the lower middle class and beyond. in addition, the creation of cars in general has already affected the world drastically, especially america. the invention of the automobile put less work on americans and as a result of that, weve become increasingly lazy. imagine a car that doesnt even need to be driven, a person simply sitting in it waiting to arrive at their destination, which adds to my other point of the cost theres a reason that car services are so expensive, which is because theyre a luxury. my final point is the risk and resources that would have to come into play with an invention like this. as i said before, the price of such an invention would be astronomical. the average brand new car costs around ten thousand dollars. if you add in another eight thousand dollars in scanners and situational recognition systems, then youve almost doubled the price of the car! this is my point when i say that the lower middle class and below would have their hopes dwindling, and do the wealthy upper class really need a new reason to look down on the working class? even the upper middle class people cant just toss out almost twenty thousand dollars for a car at a moments notice.no, not at all. i personally believet that given the choice between driving and sacrificing a huge sum of money, most people would choose to drive. my next point is this americans are extremely lazy, in mind and body. yes, the cars are implanted with warning systems to instruct the driver to take over sontrol of the vehicle, but thats assuming the driver cares enough to react in time. thats assuming the driver is even paying attention to the car itself, let alone the road! one word texting. even when people drive the cars, accidents happen because people pay more attention to their phones than the road without reason. can you imagine if they actually had the freedom to neglect their responsibilities because of a socalled autonomous car? the amount of accidents would rise dramatically, which brings me to my final point. now, we all know that new innovations normally come at a cost. thats a given. these cars, however, step over the bounds of being a cost and become a travesty. first of all, these cars still have glitches to work out and companies dont want to take the time to work them out. if these cars are sold to the public, how many lives could possibly be lost because of a simple programming error before the cars are recalled? it would be far too late. also, i mentioned the cost. well, that doesnt just come in the loss of life. it is also present in the amount of time and money will be spent on the research, development, and manufacturing of these cars. far too much money will be spent on something that is both completely unnecessary and a gross misuse of resources. in conclusion, i believe that autonomous cars are, for lack of a better word, stupid. paying more money for less safety and more laziness simply seems counterintuitive to me and my goals. id rather have the self assurance of driving my own car and being responsible for what happens to me and my fellow drivers. not only would i feel safer with myself behind the wheel, but i would feel safer with everyone else behind their own wheels as well. to summarize, autonomous cars are expensive, dangerous, and unecessary, to say the least.