how the author supports the idea of, studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents, by stating in the article that venus could have been like earth, stating what scientist are doing to study venus, and how it will fill the people with interest. first, how the author supports the idea of, studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it present, is by stating in the article that venus could have been like earth. in the article, the author said on paragraph four,  long ago, venus wasm probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. also, the author added that now in day the venus has some of the same features as earth does on paragraph four. what this all means is that studying venus could be helpful by letting the peoples curiosity know the truth about the earths twin second, how the author surpports the idea of, studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it present, is by stating what scientist are doing to study venus. in the article, on paragraph , the author states facts about how is it on venus. the author states that the temperature is way to high, theres a lot of atmospheric pressure, erupting volcanoes, and powerful earthquakes. even tho scientist know the basics about venus, they need more information. on paragrph , the author stated that the scientist have devices that could or that will be sent to venus to study the planet. one of them, for an example, is made out of silicon carbide and has been tested simulating the situation it would be if it was on venus. what this all means is that scientist are trying to find more information about venus before sending a astronaut to venus and risking the astronauts life. lastly, the author supports the idea of, studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents, by stating in the article that how will it will fill peoples mind with interest. in the article, the author stated on paragraph four, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this shows that they want to explore more and to find out the truth. also, the author said on paragraph eight that studying venus is for not only to get more information, but to fulfill peoples curiosity. what this all means is that even tho that scientist are wanting to study venus, people want to know the truths about the planet. in conclusion, how the author supports the idea of, studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents, by stating in the article that venus could have been like earth, stating what scientist are doing to study venus, and how it will fill the people with interest. the people should all know whats beyond earths atmosphere and should expand their imagination.