americas great past time might now be just that, in the past. this isnt baseball though, its the usage of our american vehicles. america was the frontrunner in the invention of cars and has the motor capital of the world in detroit. however, weve come a long way since the model t and now it is time to move forward into a new, cleaner era of transportation. cities all across the world have begun the process of minimzing the usage of private motor vehicles to help stop pollution, and to encourage the use of public transportation. the trend is already upon us in america as well, as a study showed that between  and  the amount of young people driving has decreased by  percent. life without cars has proven beneficial to many cities around the world and it is time to spread to all cities. first off, limiting the usage of cars will vastly decrease the amount of pollution to our environment. recently in paris, france the government banned all drivers with odd license plates on the first day and all even number plates the second during a two day effort to minimize the smog and pollution of the city. this method proved to be very effectiveas the capital decreased its congestion by  percent. this little experiment may seem like a very small accomplishment, but it should serve to be the precedent by which other countries can help stop pollution. if this was done once evry month in major cities around the world it would cause a major decrease in pollution. in the long term it shows people that having their own car isnt always necessary and it is better for the environment to use public tranportation, and or other means to get to ones destination. bogota, colombia also participated in their second anual carfree day. this was considered to be a huge success by their mayor and many other south american leaders came to witness it themselves. they were all thouroughly impressed by the programs effectiveness and have thought about implementing it in their own countries. secondly, limiting car usage will result in different city layouts that could prove to be more desirable and efficient. in vauban, germany they have decided to go nearly car free with  percent of residents not owning a car. car ownership is allowed but the owner of the vehicle must buy a space in a large parking garage for , dollars. many of the residents claim that they lived a more stressful life when they owned a car and are now much happier because of the sale of their vehicle. this has started a trend in europe of small suburban communities going car free to help the environment and their lives. this shift into a car free world is sparking the idea for new city designs to make them denser so mit is easier for people to travel from place to place. stores can be placed only a walk away on a main street as opposed to a large shopping mall that is along a large highway. in conclusion, limiting the use of cars and motor vehicles would prove to be extremely benficial for our world and our society. it would help solve the pollution and global warming crisis by limiting the amounts of carbon dioxide we put into our atmosphere. it would also change the shape of our suburban life, making it easier for people to get from place to place while still maintaining their green lifestyle. an earth without cars becomes an earth with a more peaceful environment and a healthy atmosphere.