fail of the century ! the popular opinion in todays society is that sometime in the near future , driverless cars will be the norm. but driverless cars are destined to fail due to the fact that there is a large amount of people who love to drive and see driving more as a hobby than a chore . also, the amount of money , time , and manpower needed to modify the roads to suit the needs of these driverless cars is completely ridiculous. self driving cars will also prove to be quite the safety hazard and will bring troublesome disputes between drivers when something goes wrong. unless you suffer from terrible driving anxieties , driving can be one of the most stress relieving activities avaliable. selfdriving cars would take away the pleasure of cruising down the backroads without a care in world. autonomous cars would take complete control of an immersive driving experience while the passenger would sit motionless, not knowing what to do . cars give people the freedom to drive with no destination , a spontaneous roadtrip in other words, self driving cars can not ,assuming autonomous cars will be gps based . you would have to set up a destination for every ride you take . our current highway systems are designed for cars with human drivers , if society were to all of a sudden switch to autonomous cars the backlash would be otherworldy. the united states government would have to spend millions of dollars just to accomodate the needs of autonomous cars . every existing bus stop or station would be promptly replaced by a selfdriving taxi service . depending on the design of these future vehicles, some if not all of the existing roads will have to be fitted with motion sensors and gps monitoring systems. if human drivers did not pose a giant threat to highway safety already just imagine the chaos if computers where driving. a small glitch or bug is all it woud take to cause a twelve vehicle accident that backs up traffic for three hours. profesional hackers could also reak havoc among traffic from the comfort of thier own homes .the safest car will always be the one driven by the human. to sum things up , autonomous cars will not propser. the cost of revamping every road in existince is too expensive to be practical . also the amount of ways a self driving car can be explioted poses a serious threat to the safety of everyone on the road. if you love to drive , if you enjoy the freedom giving to you by general motors, dont buy an autonomous car, stick with a six speed manual transmission!