have you ever heard of a software that tracks your movements to tell you your emotion? this software is able to detect percentages of emotions on your face, all you have do do is look in a camera. but, should this be used on student computers? i think that this software should not be used on students computers because of distractions, the speed of the computers, and the anxiety of somebody always watching you. i can see the argument for this software going both ways, but i would not want a camera watching me all day. this software can be very distracting. say a student is getting bored with the lesson being taught in class that day. they might decide to play around with facial expressions to see how their laptop with this alwayswatching software reacts. this can cause the student not to hear the lesson being taught, or make it easier by tricking the software. in the article making mona lisa smile, it tells some of the facial expressions you can make to get this software to react. have you ever dealt with a slow computer due to something not running properly? with this software on school laptops, they will be so slow that nothing at all will work. as a result of this speed issue, students will fall behind in class, and at home. this software is much to massive for a school laptop. to run this you would need a state of the art computer costing you thousands of dollars. your home pc cant handle the complex algorythems used to decode mona lisas smile. schools cant affort to give every student a computer capable of running this software. anxiety. it is a growing problem in the united states today. anxiety of people judging you, stress from work, or just nervousness. this facial recognition software on school computers would bring anxiety to a whole new level. the thought that someone is always watching you is not a good thought. this program will not only feel like you are constantly being watched, but in a way will be true. the software always tracks you facial expressions, your emotions, to adapt to how you feel. also, imagine how easy it would be to hack into this intricate software. it would be fairly simple to someone with experience. if someone were to hack into the camera, they could constantly watch you. as long as your computer is opened up, they are watching you. did you change your opinion on this software? it is terrifying to know that someone could be watching at any time they choose. this software is wrong for school computers because of the speed of the computers, the anxiety of someone watching, and the distractions. i hope you consider voting no for this software in the future.