many cities are experiencing perhaps the biggest economic change being implemented into society since the invention of the model t. people just simply arent interested in attaining a personal vehicle, or even a license for that matter. as a result, many personal vehicle companies are starting to become more mobile to stay with the times, or become bankrupt due to being stagnant in sales. not owning a car has actually proved to come with more advantages than if owning a car. such as, less carbon emissions in the air, less stress in certain communites where carfree zones are being implemented, and finally restaurants and stores becoming more cropped up due to rushhour restrictions essentially boosting the economy. the lack of car use has fundamentally benefitted the environment as an entirety. cars emit carbon emissions into the air that are not only harmful to many animals, but to humans as well. according to source , in paris, france alone, it was shown that due to the use of diesel fuel over regular fuel, there were  micrograms of particle matter per cubic meter. comparing this to other major cities in europe that find more use for regular gasoline, youll find that the results are less. in brussels, there were  micrograms of pm per cubic meter, and in london, .. even though areas that used more regular fuel over diesel fuel were significantly lower in micrograms of particle matter, even . micrograms can be potentially fatal, and cause lungrelated health problems in the later lives of the people occupying these areas. officials not only in paris, but also in major cities such as bogota, colombia and new york city, new york have also began to take a stand. in paris, france for example, there are certain days in which cars cannot be driven by people with license plates ending in even numbers, and the next day by people with license plates ending in odd numbers. this new way of thinking has been implemented into the french law system to help decrease the amount of pollution in the air. source  bogota has also found a unique approach to a less polluted environment. carfree day is a day in which no cars are driven, with the exception of buses and taxis. source  finally, new york city has implemented a new bikesharing program in which bicycles can be rented for a costeffective amount. in addition to this, bridge and tunnel tolls have also reflected these new priorities by skyrocketing in price. source  these new implementations have proved beneficial in decreasing the amount of carbon emissions in the air. many communities have not only found a way to reduce pollution in the air, but also live a more stressfree lifestyle. stress and rushhour are known to have some corollation, but newer communites are starting to take a stand by limiting the amount of car usage in their area. vauban, germany, a newer community only just established in , is an example of one of these communites that has started to smart plan. over  percent of vaubans occupants dont own a car, and  percent have sold a car to move there. source  a happier lifestyle has appeared as a result. according to heidrun walter, an occupant in vauban. when she had a car, she was always tense. but now, shes a much happier mother of two, and the distant hum of an occasional motor vehicle is drowned out by the chattering of wandering children. source  in the united states, the environmental protection agency epa is suggesting that we start implementing these car reduced communities in our nation to better society, as well as to provide a more stressfree environment for these new communites residents. source  even in bogota, people have said that the use of no cars is a great opportunity that has taken away stress and lowered air pollution. source  not only has pollution been reduced in all of this or the fact that a factor attributing to stress has also been removed, but areas where these communites are starting to form, have also boosted the economy. in bogota, it has been reported that due to carfree day, that both parks and sports centers have started to appear throughout the city. in additon to this, sidewalks have been replaced by more broad, smooth sidewalks. as well as, rushhour traffic has been cut, allowing new restaurants and upscale shopping districts to flourish. source  cars are starting to become a thing of the past, according to mimi sheller, a sociology professor at drexel university. even her children  and  dont have licenses. they say theyre interested, but its not a priority for them, she later goes on to say. as a result, gas money is saved, and people can spend more money on things that matter to them. in conclusion, it has been displayed that the advantages of not using a car are starting to outweight the benefits. the lack of car use in these carfree communities is helping to reduce stress and tension on the road, boost not only the communitys economy, but also the entire nations economy as well. in addition to this, the lack of car use is also helping to preserve the environment, by reducing carbon emissions into the air. according to many sociologists and business professionals, the downfall of the car may well be on its way, but it may not be such a bad thing.