in the passage the author explans how people have had trouble getting spacecraft to survived long enough to get samples of venus. the author tells the reader many ways that could help the spacecraft to last longer on the planet for earths scientists can gather samples and learn more about the planet. the author explains to the reader different ways humans could live on venus and why we should keep trying to gether information on the planet. in the passage the author strongly supports his claim that studying venus is a worty pursuit despite the dangers. in the passage the author states that nasa has one particurlarly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray making it safer for scientis to study the planet. same as how jet airplanes fly at higher altitudes to fly over storms on earth a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus by using simplifed electronics made of silicon carbide. these would allow the the craft to last longer on the surface and allow the scientists to gather samples from the planet to better understand venus. another project is looking back at computers that was used in worl war ii called mechanical computers. using no electronical devices thes computer use gears and levers to make caculations. these computer are not delicate and can be used in the tough terrain on venus. in the final the author talkes about the value of of further exploring venus. and raises the qustion of what could be gaind if we spent time gathering informaton from the planet. that human curiosity will likely guide us to many equally intimidating endeavors. and finally tells the reader that the dangers and the doubts should not limite us but to expand our limits to the edges of imagination and innovation. in th passage the author explains that further exploring venus is worth the risk and dangers that may come forth on the planet. the aouther explains ways that could make the trip on venus safer and last longer for scientist to gather what they need to further understand the planet. and that we shouldnt limit what we can do and push for more and better outcomes and not be pulled down by the dangers and the doubts.