technology. it surrounds us, it grows, it changes the world. a resent advancement in technology has been brought to locals attention. that is, driverless cars. a driverless car. its been hypothetically promoted in movies and tv shows about the future and has always been a perfect idea in societys mind. however, is a driverless car better for our community or will it only cause chaos. a car where no driver is required is simply amazing, or more so the idea of it. yes, a driverless car would be more convinient for one, however, it sounds as if the driverless car would be more endangering than it would be convienient. a general satement supporting my position is that technology is simply not reliable one hundered percent of the time. it fails sometimes and to rely on such an invention to transfer one safely from one place to another is simply unreliable. the meaning of the word driverless in this article is very misleading. in the article it cleary states that even if this invention were to take off and people did start to use it, a driver would still be needed for difficult obsticles. obsticles such as construction and around accidents. the article does mention alerts that would signal the driver but this system is inconvenient and not reliable. if a driver were to be asleep and did not respond to the signal fast enough, then what would happen? an accident could occur, an accident that cold have been easly avoided if a driver had been at the wheel. the manufacturer admits that issues like this are challenging but it interperets the fun in driving. however, wouldnt a person much rather be safe than to have a mear minute of fun? the law has recognized this problem and in some states it is not even legal to test drive these cars. in the text it brings up the queation of who is at fault in the state of an accident, the driver or the manufacturer? this question, i assume, will gain a majority of potential buyers and of course the laws attention. changing laws for these cars would be difficult and timely. the liability in the case of an accident is very questionable and many people would disagree on the topic at hand. although automakers are still continuing their work the probability that they will fix the major issues are slim. the jeaprodization of a humans safety is a tremendous and most problematic issue with the invention itself. all error corrections aside, technology still, is never one hundered percent guaranteed to follow through. human skill and knowledge is much more practical and better defined than technology when it comes down to it.