there are many reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys for instance, you could join the seagoing cowboys to take care of animals, such as horses, young cows, and mules, that were shipped over seas. this is just one reason for joining the seagoing cowboys and there are a lot more reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys, and we are going to be talking about some others. the seagoing cowboys, as some of you may wonder, was in , when world war ii ended in europe. when luke graduated high school, he worked two parttime jobs, one in a grocery store and one in a bank, when his friend, don reist invited him to go to europe to be a seagoing cowboy. that is where his journey began. luke join the program, the seagoing cowboys program, to take care of animals that were shipped over seas. i know this, because in the story the author states, luke signed up to be a seagoing cowboy to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. one reason you could join the seagoing cowboys is, to see other beautiful artifacts of the world. i know this, because the author states, luke observed the marvelous wonder of the excavated castle in crete and the, all amazing, panama canal. these are only two reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys. another reason why you could join the seagoing cowboys is, if you like to get away from home and visit a nice little vacation. i know this, because the author states, luke toke a gondola ride in venice, italy, a city with water as streets. one other reason is, if you like to go over seas. this is a reason, because the author states, it took about two weeks to cross the atlantic ocean. both of these reasons are, like always, just some few, of many, reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys. one of two other reasons, that you should join the program, is, if you love to take care of animals then this is the right job for you. i know this, because the author states, the animals had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. the second reason you should join the program is, if you just like to be on a boat. i know this, because the author states, luke got his paper and boarded the ss charles w. wooster. these are the final two reasons why you should join the program. what we talked about in this essay was, that there are many reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys program. somwe of the reasons are, that if you love to take care of animals. another reason is, if you like to get away from home. these are only two reasons why you should join the program, and i can assure you that there are a lot more.