im with dirverless cars, think about the many accidents that could be avoided, perhaps elderly people. not all elders are put in retirement homes, some are still behind the wheel and they are still driving, theyre the cause of many accidents that bring them to their death and other innocent deaths. if an older person or people in need couldnt drive, theyd be better off with a smart car that can drive itself and alert you when the car needs help, which would only require a small amount of help. the articles states that none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. we are on the verge of geetting these cars to drive themselves in the near future! however almost everything you do weather its bad or good, everything has a consequence. the article says that in california, florida, nevada, and the district of columbia, have led the country in allowing limited use of semiautonomous cars. of course the law wouldnt allow it until its safe around pedestrians, schools, etc. if the technology fails and someone is injured who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer, as the article states, you cant fully rely on these self driving cars. they can cause an enormous amount of damage in the world if something goes wrong. police and ambulance dont want to have to deal with these smart cars hitting pedestrians out in the world, itd be terrible, this is why it has to be perfect! the smallest issues have to be fxed, everything bad in it does. smart would probably sell for more, and a lot of people would be interested in buying these cars, companies selling these cars would make good money. were not far from these cars entering and roaming the world, theyd be everywhere and replace old human driving cars. my conclusion is that cars should be able to be used by people until they are safe enough! but there is still a large amount of work left to make these cars drive themselves. there is going to be some problems throughout the way but if people put their minds to it, they can accomplish and find a solution to the problems theyll find along the way. itd be less accidents, most of the accidents that occur today are mainly the drivers fault, they dont pay attention to the road and they focus on other things, thus resulting in an accident. texting, calling, and drivng wouldnt be as bad as it is now, if someone had a smart car and had it on autopilot mode theyd be able to make quick calls or text someone without having to worry. the smart car would avoid tons of accident, the only problem would be the technology, if it fails, then its not your fault at all. however if you failed to pay attention then itd be your fault, which is more likely to happen, humans are clumsy and despicable these day.