cars are magnificent machines. they allows to travel in much quicker ways than just walking or taking the bus, but have you ever thought about what these machines are doing to our environment? although you may not think of it, cars create alot of smog, daily. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the unted states source  paragraph . while this may not seem like a big deal, smog can actually kill you if too much is inhaled. so what do we do to prevent this? vauban, germany, a place youve probably never heard of before. its a place for more upscale residents. the great thing about it is that they have given up cars for good.  percent of vaubans familes do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. source  paragraph . paris has also decided to jump on this bandwagon, but in a way a little different than germanys. they have accumulated so much smog that they started giving out fines for those driving on certain days in order to let the environment naturally clear out all the smog. on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. source  paragraph . along with paris and germany, columbia has created a day deticated to no driving. it is called the day without cars and citizens of this area are not aloud to drive on this daysource  paragraph . this event spread throughout columbia and is now spreading throughout the world. so why is all this happening and how are people taking the step to prevent smog? a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and .... source  paragraph . what are possible factors of this? the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. the renewal of center cities has made the suburbs less appealing and has drawn empty nesters back in. likewise the rise in cellphones and carpooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van serices for getting to work. source  paragraph . as the end of car culture tells us, alot more young people are becoming less and less interested in cars due to cellphones. also it is shown us that the denser the area is with cars, the more people have chosen to take bicycles to work or even just walk because they dont want to deal with the traffic. many people have taken the step to encourage a healthier environment without cars. some banned driving for good, some created a holiday dedicated to no driving for a day, and some just stopped it for a while by handing out fines. there are many alternate ways of transportation such as walking and biking, but are you willing take the step, to give up cars, and to change you lifestyle for the better, or will you continue to hurt the environment by driving and contributing to the smog? will you join the few that have made the change or continue following everyone else? a world without cars is a better one. one with less smog and less aggrevation. a happier place, more peaceful and relaxing. your choice, your life, pick a side, and choose wisely.