driverless cars are one of the many beginnings to the future. self driving cars are cars that do not require a driver in order to operate, just like in the name, they drive themselves. general motors gm, has produced many self driving cars, resulting in faster and safer travel. google has also been a benefactor to the driverless cars. some people contradict self driving cars they can be beneficial, or they can be useless. driverless cars could potentially be a big part of our economy in the future. one benefit of the cars is the time saving. when driving in a self operated car, you have time to do things you wouldnt typically be able to do if you were driving the car. these cars would additionally reduce wrecks. sending a text and being drunk behind the wheel are the number one causes of car crashes. if there were self operative cars, those causes and effects wouldnt be correct because it doesnt phase the car. producing more driverless cars would also reduce the amount of pollution and ewaste in the economy. the article states, the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis.... with this, it will not only benefit the community, it will additionally benefit the economy. the cars also have, antilock brakes and driver assistance. so that if for any unknown reason, the car gets close to something not in its designated area, it will initially stop. there are plenty of reasons why driverless cars would be helpful to the human race. although the cars have many reliable qualities, nothing is perfect. if the cars come acrossed a wreck or construction, the car will indicate that something is coming up witha flashing light, a vibration, or some sort of sound. in this case, you would always have to still be aware of your surroundings, limiting what you do in the riding time. also, the question was raised, what if a child runs out in front of the car? if the car isnt programmed for detours and wrecks, how would it detect a child? despite the minor safety hazards of driverless cars, they are reliable and are not time consuming. although it would be a big change going from normal cars to self driving cars, if you started at small cities and worked your way out, they could potentially be a big part of history.