in our solar system, venus is the most similar planet to earth. venus is noticable from a distance away yet it is difficult to explore in person. so far, humans have sent spacrcrafts to explore, but its temeratures and many other factors can be life threatening. with its environment being in extreme conditions, it has been difficult for humans to make new discoveries. in the future with new advances it will be possible to gather more information and make new infrences.the author sugests venus is a worthy persiut despite the dangers it presents. while not being exact, venus is the most similar planet to earth. scientists have made infrences about past life forms on the planet. in paragraph , the author says, long ago, venus was probably convered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. currently it has a similar planet surface like earth. the planet has been said to contain valleys, mountains, and craters, all of which we have on earth. however, there are setbacks to its environment as it is not an exact duplicate. venuss environment has made it difficult for human exploration. spacecrafts which have been sent in the past have only been able to survive for a few hours. sending humans before studying more about the planet would be a great risk of lives due to extreme weather conditions. according to paragraph , venus has a thick atmostphere, containing about  percent carbon dioxide bankets. the thick atmosphere in the planet has made an impact on the temperature by making it average over  degrees fahrenheit. along with the temperature, the pressure on the planet has also made it a challege for human life to survive. with time and technological advances, we will have a chance at solving issues to makes the discovery of the suface of the planet possible. as there are many problems faced, there are also a few possible solutions. the surface of venus is the hottest suface temperature of any planet in our solar system. nasa believes that allowing scientist to float over the ground will make it possible for scientists to explore. in paragraph , the floating over the surface of venus is compared to the flying of a plane. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendy ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. mechanical computers used mainly during the time of world war ii could also give us a chance of discovery. these computer are said to make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all, making it beneficial in such a limited area. using mechanical technology would be able to withstand the many forces compared to the modern techonology now. as time progresses we will make new advances allowing us to explore further out than just earth. using information gathered from the past can allow us to create new materials, keeping scientists safe from the many dangers. these skills will help us make new infrences about past life on venus and eventually making it another livable habitat. the author believes we should not be limited by dangers, as we have a wide imagination and are able to expand out to understand new areas.