recently, there has been an issue about a the socalled face landform on mars. people across the world are arguing that the face was created by aliens. scientists at nasa are arguing otherwise. i believe the face was not created by aliens. first of all, the scientists at nasa want the face to be made by an alien civilization. the face being made by an alien civilization would boost nasas popularity, therefore boosting nasas budget. with a higher budget, nasa would be able to explore more, possibly even explore the face. if there was an alien civilization, nasa would have no reason to hide it. nasa would reveal it to the public and most likely do more research. finding information about another civilization would be a good thing for nasa. next, pictures have been taken of the landform. on april , , pictures were taken by michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team. the pictures showed a natural landform, not an alienmade monument, which is exactly what nasa scientists expected. most importantly, there are natural landforms just like the face on earth. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says jim garvin, who is a cheif scientist for nasas mars exploration program. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. quotes from this professional scientist show that a landform exactly like the face could appear on earth. although some people might say that the picture wasnt clear, scientists have cleared that up. on april , , mars global surveyor was close enough to take another picture. we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution, says garvin. the pixels in the picture from that day span . meters each, compared to  meters per pixil in the best  viking photo. the picture shows the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. these reasons show that the face on mars was not created by aliens and is just a regular landform. the face is just as likely to occur on earth as it is on mars. it is just a butte or mesa with unusual shadows that make it look like a face. i believe the face was not created by aliens.