cars that drive themselves seem very fututistic, but we are very close to successfully making a car like this. there are many obvious benefits to manufacturing cars like this. i think the most important benefit is in our enviroment. some other benefits are that we wont have as many deathly car crashes and we would still be able to take control of the vehicle if needed. we shouldnt be scared to make this change that could potentialy change our future for the better. our enviroment has severely suffered from the massive carbon footprint that our generations have left. a big issue we have is that our air is very polluted. a big factor in this is that billions of people use cars all over the world. this self driving car would use half of the fuel that our cars today use. this could greatly decrease our pollution in big cities all over the world. car crashes are one of the biggest contributors to our death rate. there are many innocent people who die every day due to other people not paying attention to the road. google has a car that is somewhat driverless and hasnt crashed once even though they have driven half a million miles. the technology that would be used in these cars would be smart enough to drive safely and alert the person in the vehicle when human assistance is needed. we have the ability to save many men, women, and children by allowing the self driven cars to transport us. many skeptical people think that giving up control could lead to accidents. when the car senses that there is danger ahead, they alert the person that they need to take over. if someone notices something the car doesnt, they can just put their hands on the wheel. people could still drive their cars if they felt necessary. we wouldnt be fully giving up control if we can just take it right back. now you see that there are many benefits to making self driven cars. the possibility of some minor negative things that can be fixed, doesnt compare to the positive results we can gaurentee this vehicle might bring. the enviroment will be much better and we will have healthier air to breathe, because we will use less fuel. our death rates will go down and we can save our future generations with these safe cars. finally, if anything does happen, we can take back the control of the car at any second. the people of this world will thank us for bringing this self driven car to the streets.