dear senator, the electoral college as controversial as it is can be a very simple choice to either keep it as it is, or to change the voting process to a popular vote process that in which the people vote directly for the president of their choosing. i believe that you should consider changing the electoral college to a popular vote voting process for reasons such as, the fact that only one half of americans are voting because they do not believe that their vote will count in states such as california and texas because the voters do not believe that the candidate will carry their state anywherein defense of the electoral college section . another reason is because of the winnertakeall system the candidates will not campaign as much in states they think they will win over without going there and they focus on the swing states instead. senator, one of the reasons that i believe you should consider changing to the popular vote process is because only one half of the eligible american population voted in the  electionin defense of the electoral college section  for reasons i believe is that they do not think that the candidate running will go somewhere with their state and the fact that they do not think their votes will actually count towards the president that they would like to win. also the fact that segreagationists will try and corrupt the voting process in the electoral college, i. e. when john f. kennedy was running for president segregationists tried to replace democratic electors with other electors to try and go against kennedy therefore giving the opponent the upper handthe indefensible electoral college section . senator, on the contrary i would understand why you would like to keep the electoral college because of it being a set compromise that the founding fathers created, making voting equal by letting qualified citizens in congress have the last word into the decision what is the electoral college section . in a way i see how you would think that the electoral college is a fair system because the people are still choosing somewhat who the electoral college elects and the fact that anachronism is a factor that plays into the electoral college greatlyin defense of the electoral college section . the electors elected should be trusted truthful people and they are to vote for the nominee in honest fact of who got the most eelectoral votesin defense of the electoral college section  but sometimes even if the electoral votes are calculated and are higher the popular vote could be higher than the electoral vote even if its a rare occurancein defense of the electoral college section . senator, as you see both sides of this controversy you could also see that the winnertakeall method is all in all unfair. in the winnertakeall method the candidates that are in the election will take more time to go to the bigger states and try and have ads for their campaign posted in there and not in the littler states they believe they will win without campaigning there. the candidates will focus even more on the swing states because they believe they will have more luck in those states than the other smaller states. seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including rhode island and south carolina, and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt see a single campaign adwhat is wrong with the electoral college section  this fact goes to show that the candidates would rather focus more on the larger states and swing states than go to the smaller states this makes those smaller states less encouraged to vote because the candidates dont even bother to come to them to campaign. senator, in the end i strongly believe that you should think about changing the electoral college to a popular vote process because it will give the voters an incentive for them to vote, for them to decide who wins and who will run their state or country. power to the people has always been a great thought to keep running around in your brain for me. before you discard my thoughts in a mere second think about it would you like the people of your state to be unhappy with you and disappointed because they had no choice in what is happening around them? or would you like the people to be excited for the new changes in allowing them some freedom of choosing what they want and not what others want?