hello senator of florida this is a lettter to tell you why we should keep the electoral college. there is more certaninty of the outcom of the election. the electoral college helps prevent runoff elections. and it helps out the biger states like texas of califona. the electoral college helps make the election more predictable. and yes we all know what happen to al gore in  but it is less likely than a dispute over the popular vote richard a. posner. this has happen it the  election for example obama recived . percent of the electoral vote compared to only . percent of the popular votes cast for him and romeny because almost all states award electoral votes victory in that staterichard a. posner. it is preety intresting how the electoral college works knowing that it hal lasted a long time iour goverment. the electoral college helps prevents the problem off elections that runoff. you see what happen is that when the ton runners tie the election gets very complicated. so the electoral college produces a clear winner richard a posmer. but it also can make the voters votes have no effect to the election. which means that they would not have the push to care for the election anymore. youhave to consider that if the electoral college was not there that it would preety hard to select the winer of that tie. bigger states have more atention in that state than a small state like north dakota would have in a presindental election. the electoral college restore the poltical balance that large states lose to the malapportionment of the senate decreed in the constitution richard a posner. florida popular vote was very close but obama won that election he got  electoral votes. a victory by the same margin of wyoming would the net the winner only three electoral votesrichard a posner. the electoral college must stay it helps with the out come of elections andprevents runoff elections and helps the big states. we need the electoral college what would we do without the electoral college in our goverment?