scientists shouldnt travel to venus anytime soon. why would you say that you may ask there are a few reasons why scientist shouldnt travel to venus. venus isnt a safe place to travel to. its already a risk traveling in space, but its an even bigger risk to travel to venus. here are some of the reasons why venus isnt safe. first the unimaginable heat on venus can make metal boil in a snap. according to the text  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. the average summertime day on earth ranges from  to  degrees fahrenheit those are temperatures some people can barely stand. imagine  times  degrees that sure is toasty. no human can last  second on venus without protection, and without being burnt to a crisp. next the atmosphere is mostly made of carbon. according to the text a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. these are poor conditions to live under especially since humans cant live without oxygen. the carbon is also poisonous to humans as well in order to breath on this planet youd need a huge oxygen tank. not to mention theres also sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. finally just like earth venus has natural disasters as well. the text states  beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. unlike earth these conditions are amplified on venus, and are stronger on venus than on earth. any evidence scientists do get from probes is electrical shock. imagine what would happen to any ship we send with human in it kapow lightning strikes. its safe to say venus isnt human friendly. venus isnt human friendly because of the boiling heat, the carbon dioxide, and the intense natural disasters. venus doesnt seem robot friendly either due to when a probe gets close itll stike the probe with lightning. as if these are warning signs venus clearly doesnt want any visitors anytime soon its best to stay on earth for now. venus is uninhabitable for now at least youll never know what the future may bring.