i believe the technology to read students emotions in a classromm would be a great thing. students such as myself tend to zone certain educational things out when its to out of our league. so i believe if we had this tech it would help students learn better in school. many generations we have had a system where school is honestly boring. we can have fun here and there, but the lessons is where a big percentage of students fall asleep. our generation today is the age of technolgy, we are based off computers and not a fifty pound textbook so much anymore. dr.huang believes computers need to understand our emotions so it can help us with educaion or other things that may benfit us. i myself find no issue with that because like i have stated, this is the age of technology. we work with computers and phones on a daily bases now, and think about how work can stress some people out. dr. huangs tech could help you with things like work or educaion, it could recomend its help to help us find faster solutions. as humans our minds evolve in different ways just like our characteristics, as a student myself classroom work can be difficult and make me a little tired because of complex equations or wording in reading. i believe with this tech students would have an education of their own that follows their characteristics and their mind set by reading their expressions. we learn from older people who have a higher education then us and who have studied longer. not all of us can compete and catch up to their understandings of them knowing what to do. one thing our teacher can not do is modify how he teaches for each student but the software created by dr. huang can modify things for individuals. some people may have a negative feed back on this software because they may find it creepy their computer is examining their face twentyfour hours a day. i say its fine because its helping modify and help with everyday learning either at home or at school. as humans according to dr. huang humans tend to communicate in nonverbal or emotional ways. so if a human can recognize and help people why not have computers do the same thing. once again we are based on technology. out with the old in with the new, with that saying being in mind we are the new and we can benefit off of this new tech. in conclusion, dr.huangs tech software is a benefit to our future as a society and can help individuals by modifying or understading us. we are the future and our tech is part of our society so making something like this apliable to out tech for student use or other uses can help a lot of people. our education is valuable and so are our feelings. if our heart isnt into something we have support from people, why cant we have support from technology? tech like dr. huangs software program can change the future for students and the world one day. thats why i believe this tech should be in classrooms or other places so it can help our society grow in mind and in understanding.