imagine being stuck in traffic again for the fifth time this week. you glance at the time and you see that youre running late for work again. cars can cause alot of problems like for example, people get into many car crashes that kill many innocent children or bystanders, the traffic jams always take hours to clear up, and the exhaust in the tail pipe is polluting the air. there are many advantages to limiting car usage. the advantages are there will be more people on bikes and walking to place to place, less traffic, and less pollution in the air. although cars may come in handy they can be a real pain to have. like for insatance paying car insurance every month, paying for gas, and paying for your car if anything breakes and needs a new part if the car usage was limited there will be more people on bikes and walking. this is good for the residents because they are spending less money and they are getting excersise from this. in vauban, germany the residents there have given up their cars.  of vaubans families do not own cars rosenthal, . there only transportation there is a tram that runs though freiburg rosenthal, . this helps residents there get to place to place eaiser. also with the car limitations there will be a whole lot less traffic on the roads. for example in paris, france they made even numbered license plates residents leave their cars at home, then the next day odd numbered license plate residents duffer, . even though they tried to ban the cars there were , drivers fined due to driving their cars duffer, . also when this rule was put into place there was less traffic in the capital of france. the traffic went down by  duffer, . most importantly there will be less pollution in the air. residents in cars dont really know how much pollution is put into the air when they drive. the exhaust from the tail pipe of a car is causing a huge defect in this earths greenhouse effect. in france the pollution was so bad there was smog in the air from all the cars duffer, . the smog in france was as bad as the worlds most polluted cities in the world, beijing, china duffer, . also in bogota, colombia there was really bad smog, but after the car limitation there was a huge decrease in the smog selsky, . in conclusion, there are many advantages in car limitation. the advantages are there will be more people on bikes and walking to place to place, less traffic, and less pollution in the air. with less cars this will help our earth big time because the greenhouse effect will stop getting car exhaust pumped through there. also we may fine alternate ways to replace gas and oil to make this world healthier.