since our inception, we humans have dedicated our lives to improving the lives of ourselves, others around us, and our children. making life easier is the reason we work, and driverless cars are the next great innovation. transportation will be revolutionized by this vital step in our path of conquering what we once thought was impossible. through careful planning and development, googles driverless cars will be a great leap in human progress. driverless cars will be safer than cars on the road today. so far, googles cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. this shows that accidents on the roads in the future will only decrease with the introduction of driverless cars. the article also states that further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software...make driving safer. progress in technoloogy will make cars much better drivers than they are now. in fact, information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes...allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. cars without humans drivers are a boon to those who care about safety on the road. with this amazing new technology, there is no reason to be against these overwhelmingly fantastic new features. googles driverless cars will also be a better experience for the driver. driving is a mundane task many people must commute for hours just to drive to and from work. fortunately, manufacturers of driverless cars hope that there will be incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. because these displays will also be able to be turned off instantly, these will not subtract from the safety of the car. these entertainment systems will be great for those who do not enjoy driving. the future of driving is one that will bring fun along with its plethora of safety features. googles new cars are something to be excited about because they bring safety and entertainment, which will benefit the lives of drivers around the world.