i am against the development of driverless cars for many reasons. personally i feel as though people are starting to get more and more lazy these days with the help of technology. i believe it would be much more safe for someone to manually drive a car, rather than put your trust into a computer. there is a wide range of possibilities that could go wrong with driverless cars out on the roads. my first reason is that the car could malfunction. whoever programmed the car could have messed up and gave the car a defect. then someone would buy that defected car and most likely get into a crash. someone could be on a highway while the car system fails, crashing into a semi truck. theres a possibility that the car could completely shut off, leaving you stranded in the middle of nowhere. also gps these days isnt very reliable, the car could take you completely off route trying to follow gps. my second reason is that someone could hack your cars system. somebody that strongly dislikes you could get in your car and ruin its system. even worse, people would start paying a hacker to destroy car systems. while youre out on the road relaxing in your driverless car, a hacker could take control of your car giving it directions. that means while your stuck in your car, someone is in control of your life deciding if they want to crash your car. my third reason is that its not very safe. i dont think putting all of your trust into a vehicle is a very smart idea. the sensor on the car could go out with your knowledge, causing it to crash. there could be road construction that the car is not aware of, potentially driving straight into the construction site. your city might have certain driving regulatons that the car wont know about, which could give you a ticket from a cop. my fourth reason is that you could be put at a higher risk of getting in a car accident. what if a little boy is getting his ball in the road? the car might not see him with the sensors, causing the car to drive right into the boy. you could be texting on your phone and then out of no where a car is comming right towards you. its too late to gain control of the car because you were so busy texting, resulting in a car crash. maybe youre tired so you take a nap while your car is on its way to the casino. your car could crash at any moment, because youre not awake and not paying attention to the road. in conclusion, there are multiple reasons why a driverless car wouldnt be safe. whether its due to a malfunction, hacker, or even safety issues driverless cars are not safe. i hope after reading this you realize there are way more cons than pros with driverless cars. its better to do things right by yourself, rather than putting your trust into technology.