i believe it is a neat idea to have technology that can understand human emotion. but if we continue down this path of robotic contimplation i think we may have bigger issues. the idea of having a computer always monitor your emotional states seems almost like not giving methe privacy that i deserve. so that being said it would be a neat idea but i dont think it should be incorporated at schools but maybe as a voluntary thing that people can sign up for that would be different. its a bad idea because it would cause drama in peoples lives who dont need to have any more of it in them. its almost a little creepy and rude. i mean if you really werent having a good day and a computer told you that youre upset. im pretty sured youd be more upset than you were because we as human dont like to be confronted with that type of stuff. i think that if it was a voluntary thing were peoplecould go and sign up to see how they feel because god forbid they dont know their own emotions it would be a good idea. but i think its a terrible idea to be doing on peple without consent. its a good idea because it could help slove murder cases if it can tell when people are lying. if it can tell if people are nervous that could be helpful for police interrogation. it can be used on the person who doesnt want to live and can tell that they are upset enough to do something like that and they can be stopped before it happens. it seems like it can be helpful if used by the police but for the public it wouldnt be a good idea. the ugly truth about it is the fact this may or may not be real but if it is it will happen. it will eventually happen and then the world will start buiding new things to make robots do and then theyll take over the world but until then. this is a retched idea. if this is to be a good idea id say let law enforcement have it but no public access. if we truly want to be supporting the peole who struggle with depression or anything we wont just make a robot tell them to get better. nothing in this world beats human interaction when love is shown. if we all just showed a little more love idea like this wouldnt even be a thing. its not a good idea it never will be but, if it does happent you can bet that i will wear a mask everywhere i go. personally i dont like the idea of a machine telling me what i am. and if the world come to it and they must have rbots that tell emotions i hope im long gone by then.