there is no face on the planet mars in the cydonia region. i feel that it is peoples imagination coming to life in strong arguments. although it isnt a face, people are still making a big controversy over the face on mars. first of all, in , when the picture was taken, technology wasnt the best, so it could have been some lack of better technology that couldve made it look like a face. in paragraph , the author states, each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. also, in paragraph , the author says, so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! these two quotes state that the improvement of technology has proved that this isnt any martianmade object. secondly, the  cameras high resolution allowed a closer and more evidential look. again, in paragraph , the author states, each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. this quotations second reason proves that the camera could zoom in closer and get evidence to support that the formation is not a face. lastly, the formation is just a natural landform called a mesa. the author says, scientist figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. in comparison, paragraph  claims, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. both of these quotes tell us that scientific research proves that the face on mars is fake, and that it is actually a mesa. the face on mars in the region of cydonia is actually a mesa. i feel that the face on mars is causing too much of a controversy. i hope that as technology improves, we can get better views on the landform to get better evidence that it is a mesa and not a martianmade face.