while todays generation has made numerous advancements in technology, driverless cars have experienced the largest contraveral arguments. while some believe that driverless cars could benefit our society in numerous ways, other beleive that driverless cars are dangerous and could potentially do more harm than good. i personally belive that we as a society should continue the development of driverless cars and offer them to the common people. in the article it states that google has had driverless cars for the past seven years although they only driver under certain conditions. the advancement of driverless cars have increased so quickly in the past seven years that if given another, we could perfect driverless cars and make our rodes more safe. if we had driverless cars, the percentage of car crashes due to drunk driving or texting in driving would decrease to almost zero percent. that alone could save countless lives and save money. also, it isnt as if these cars have no safety reprocautions. these driverless cars are equipped with sensors that can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response, as stated in the article. these cars are smarter than some of the most intelligent human beings. they can predict an accident and safe ways to avoid it while humans can only respond naturally, which could be hazrdous for all drivers involve. in addition, these cars arent completly driverless. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mpg, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. these cars keep the driver alert and allow the driver to take over the task if the driver feels as if the car is not in a place where it can drive itself. in conclusion, i am completly for the development of driverless cars. they could prevent hazardous driving, have afety reprocussions, and can still require an alert driver. thes cars can be a huge benefit to our soceity and could save countless lives. so why not give it a try?