do you think its a good idea to be a sea going cowboy? well befor you anser that let me tell you a little story about a boy who was a seagoing cowboy. luke bomberger was a young boy fresh out of highschool working two parttime jobs. luke thought that he would probably be stuck working two jobs for a while, but thats were things change his freind don reist had invited him to europe on a cattle boat. luke couldnt resist , he had to go he thought. this was an opportunity of a life time he thought. luke was one of the lucky people to be a sea going cowboy. even though luke was scared at first he ended up loveing it. they played games in thee free time like baseball, volleyball, they held tennis tournaments they also had fenceing and boxing tournament. luke loved getting to travel. he got to go to greece when he was only  years old. luke had made nine trips before he was discharged in . luke also went to europe, china, and italy were he got to take a gondola ride. this oppertunity can change your life for the better. there any many jobs of being a sea going cowboy.being a seagoing cowboy can be dangeous at times, on lukes second trip he worked as a watchman. his job was to check on all the animals every hour. one rainy night after makeing his hourly report to the captian he slid down a slippy ladder on his backside . luckly he didnt go over board but he was still hurt with some cracked ribs. do you think its a good idea to be a sea going cowboy. yes theres dangers but along with danger comes excitement. being an sea going cowboy gives you the oppertunity to help many people and familys that need food or medical help. being a seagoing cowboy can let you see all the needs in other countries. luke was a leader to his family by haveing a number of international students and exchange vistors for many years. being a seagoing cowboy thaught luke to want to help others. after world war two many countries were left in ruins. to help these countries recover fortyfour nations joined together to form unrra  the united nations relief and rehabilitation administrateion . unrra hired  seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped over seas luckily luke and don signed up to take care of the animals. wouldnt you like to help out all these types of animals and get ot go on exciteing adventures .