would you think anything that is not man made is some kind of alien artifact or a natural landform.the enormous head found on mars was nearly  miles from end to end, it could have been a mesa, and it has a shadow that makes it look like a face. in a few days nasa unveiled the photo for all to see. the caption was huge rock formation which resembles a human head and a shadow illusion of eyes,nose,and mouth. the face has become a pop icon and has starred in a hollywood film. it has been on books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted the grocery store checkouts. many scientists belived the face was an alien artifact. photographing became a priority for nasa they launched the global surveyor it came into mars orbit in . jim garvin chief scientist explained we felt this was important for taxpayers. the scientist photographed the face as soon as they could get a good shot of the face. on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over for the first time, michael and his camera that he pu ton the mars orbiter snapped a photo ten times shaper than the oringinal viking photos but reavealing a natrual landform. there was no alien momument after all. many skeptics were not satisfied because the face was located at  degrees north martian latitiude. on mars it was winter and it was a cloudy time of years on the red planet. the skeptics said that the camera had to peer though wispy clouds to see the face. the skeptics said alien markings could have been hidden by haze. when the photo was unveield many conspiracy theorist think the face is a bona fide evidence of life on mars, evidence that nasa would rather hide form us. mean while defenders of nasa budget wish if there was an ancient civilization on mars. in conclusion scientist investigated more into the face and got a perfect photo of the face in maximum quality and showed no signs of writings or sgins of life. scientits proved that there was no civilization on mars and that there were no writings on the face and it was only a natural landform. the scientists concluted that it was a butte or a mesa landforms common around the american west.