the new technology called the facial action coding system is very valuable. this new technology will be very useful in a classroom full of students that one teacher may not be able to handle all on their own. the facial action coding system will help deal with many problems by reading a students face. this may help deal with situations a teacher can not figure out on their own. this software may be able to tell the teacher when the student is confused, upset, or even when the student is bored and needs a more interactive subject or way of learning. when a student is confused, they may not ask for help to a teacher. the child may be too shy or nervous to ask for a simple example or explanation. this software program will be helpful because it will be able to read the students confused face and tell a teacher that the student needs help. in the short story in paragraph six it states, most communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. this explains how not all people will use words to explain what they are feeling. these students may never speak up for themselves or have the courage to ask a question without the program being here to help deal with the childs needs. the facial action coding system will not only help with students life in the classroom, but it may also help with a students feelings deeper within. the software will be able to pick out the students who are very upset, and need to talk about their emotions to another person. if a student has a sad face in class, the program may be able to identify what is wrong with the child, and it could notify this information to a teacher or a well trusted adult. in paragraph five of this story it states, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. by having this computer software, it could help out with a students mental emotional feelings as well. this program will also be very helpful in providing a fun learning environment for the students. in the middle of paragraph six it explains how a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored. it also states that if you smile when a website advertisement pops up on the computer screen it will show more advertisements like that one. if a person frowns when this pops up, it willl show a different, more appealing advertisement. this can be very useful in a classroom. it may make the students more interested in learning. the students might even be more excited to learn now, because the computer will know that the students happy facial experssions mean they are enjoying the type of way the program is teaching them. the new facial action coding system will be extremeley helpful in a classroom. the students will have a more positive learning environment with this software. the new technology will not only be able to help with a students mental emotions, but it will help them be in a happier state of learning. this new system be more helpful for the students and for the teachers. the facial action coding system is exactly what a school should be using for a overall better work place.