the works of a car have created wonders to people as early as the early s. now people need to understand the advatages of limting car use. pollution has gone down in cities from not using cars and people have reported less stress, which is due to the car rates going down. many people have argued that jobs are going to go more down then we may need, if we stop using cars, but there is always a way to fix small situations such as that. studies have shown cars have created pollution for the enviornment. pollution can cause sickness and other affects that can cause a habitat to be inhabitable.pasenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  in some carintensive areas in the united states,rosenthal,. though, we can fix that. many cities such as paris,france have experimented with the law involving cars to see if the country can have a pollution decrease and they did, within the first day. duffer reported that on monday paris created a ban for the evennumbered plates and the smog was able to clear in one days time. the smog cleared enough monay for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday, duffer,. people have argued that stopping car production may cause people to lose their jobs. there is a way to fix that. selsky reported that in bogota,colombia because of the car distribution slowing down they were able to make parks and sport centers accessiable. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city,selsky,. with that being said without people running any of those faclities then parks and sport centers wouldnt be that accessiable to the fellow citizens. so by creating more places like parks and sport centers, and less places like car factories we would be able to limit car usage without the worry of someone losing their job and not being able to get one. cars have also been known to cause stress. in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars, rosaenthal quoted heidrun walter talking about how tense she was when she had a car. the constant worrying for gas and car bills may be a factor towards the stress in someones life. young adults have not worried as much for a car, making the somewhat more content. mine  and  have not bothered to get a drivers license, even though they both live in places where one could come in handy, rosenthal,. limting car use can cause a major impact on todays society. demographic shifts in driving population suggest that the trend may accelerate, rosenthal,. it has many advantages that people should understand. pollution rates can go down. stress could go down once you start limting car use.