the author suggests that studying venus has value and challenges not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself,but also because human curiosity will likely lead into many equally intimidating endeavors .the travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovaton. the adventures to other planets are great but venus being the planet closest to the earth but each previous mission was unmanned and for a good reason since no spacecraft survived the landing for no more than a few hours. the differences in speed mean sometimes venus is right around the corner but sometimes venus is closer to mars and and it can be close to the earth as well. these conditions venus have are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earthsuch the enviorment venus has. of carbon dioxide blankets a thick atmosphere of venus even more challenging the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. venus has the hottest surface temperature averages at  degrees farenheit and the atmospheric pressure is x greater than what the earth achieves. the temperature and pressure in venuss enviorment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of the ocean would liquefy all metals and minerals. venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes,powerful earthquakes,and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. just as our jet airplanes travel at a high altitude to fly over many storms a vehucle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. at miles above the surface temparatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. not only easy conditions but survivable for humans. nasa is working on different approaches for studying venus. a new test of simplified electronics made up of silicon carbide jave been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and only have lasted for  weeks in such conditions. these devices were st envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during wwii. the thought of computers and devices existing in those days may sound shocking but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all modern computers nowdays are enormously powerful,flexible,andquick,but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. by comparison systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure heat and other forces.