would you want to be able to know how your peer is feeling without even having to ask them ? it would be a great movement but would it make teenage life harder than it already is ? the facial action coding systemfacs is valuable for students in a classroom . reason being is school is the only place students can run to too hide their feelings. if we are able to see how a student is feeeling we can help with any problems , bring classmates together, and have happeir students. knowing how your student is feeling as a teacher can be hard because you just cant soak into the childs brain. with the facs nwo you can , you able to detect hwo that person is feeling . this can help a lot with when a student is feeling sick and it scared tor talk . in the article it says, the facila expressions for each expression are universal, this means it can detect most comman emotion faces . most human would likr the idea because its almost like your a mind reader with a little computer help . the facs would also be valuable for students in a classroom because it would bring classmates together . by know howing their peer is feeling many kids would try to figure out whats wrong with that child. they would definetly enjoy this creaction .  for instance, you can probaly tell how a friends is feeling simply by the look on her face. thats how most children think they are reading their freinds mind but technology has expanding it in a more valuable way . classes are dying to have this creation as of today after reading the article. many other students may think that facs is a bad idea simply because this is showing your personal feelings and some might be insecure of allowing that happen. parents might get involved and say that they dont want their child going to a certain schools because of facs . what the parents and some children are missing is the facs can bring happeir students . i know this because in the article it says  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becomign confused or bored, and that is a very neccesary detective system . reason being is because the shy students will never raise their hand and tell the teacher that they dont understand being shy make it harder for the child to learn. just being able to identify that about a child can make thier school days happier . in conclusion to the facs , the syemtem is very well put together and is very valuable to have in classrooms . being able to read emotion of a person is similar to being able to read the mid of a person . meanwhile you have your people who dissagree but, soon as they experience it they will fall in love . the mona lisa is really intened to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. , as said thats just what it will do . if we are able to see students emotion it will bring classmates together , help swith students problem and bring happeir students to school each day .