in the article making mona lisa smile,the author tells us about the facial action coding system allows computers to identify humans emotions. this article provides how they can show that this device knows how to make an idenitfication. first, the author states how this device can read are emotions. this device is idetified as facial action coding system. in paragraph  the author states at least acording to some new computer software that can recongize emotions. the author also states in paragraph  how dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computer to comunticate. this device can reconginze are emotions in a new way that could help are teachers. second,the author states that are emotions are getiing identified by a device. in paragraph , the author states that,if you smile when a web ad appeears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. another example in the same paragraph but if you frown,the next ad will bedifferent a classroom coputer could recongize when a student is bceoming confues or bored. also in paragraph ,for example , your frontails pars lateralis mucsle about your eyes rasies your eyeborw when your suprisedyour orbicularis oris around your mouth tighten your lips to show angery. this shows how the device can idetify are emotions. finally,the author states how this device works in the situatuion that it does. in paragraph ,the process begins when the computer constucts a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like a human muscles. another example,using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movement in a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. this shows that the device can idefity from picture and human facial recongition. all of this information that this aticle gives might be a good thing for student to use in a classroom. this device could tell teachers if there making there student intrestend in class. it might helpp to learn more about what will make the kids more intrested in class . instead of sitting there sleeping or not doing anything. this device could make people more happy in classeroom.