seconds  seconds is all it takes for a driver to make a crucial mistake the could cost you, or another drivers life. every day, accidents occur that can leave automobile owners disabled or even lifeless. many car manufacturers have realized this and have already made attemps to fix this issue. the creation known as the smart car is believed to have a better response time, and more control than a human driver could manage themselves. i believe smart cars are the future to a safer road, , as well as a break while the car does all of the busy work. as stated above, smart cars are the future to a safer road. a world reknown innovator, google, has made steps towards this since the s. in , they created a car that could drive under its own control without the use of a foreign imput. their computercontrolled cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. this newage technology is all a result of position estimating sensors, a rotating sensor on the roof that has a constant updating d model of the cars surroundings, also including more radar sensors scattered all over the car. hows that for safer driving? the biggest concern for the legality of the car is whether or not it can meet the requirements of what the law has in place. many qualifications must be met to have these on the streets. the issue is, whos fault is the accident. the creator or user. all of these features sound exciting and you may ask yourself, whats the catch? in order for proper safety percausions to be in place, the driver is requires to be alert at all times. bmw, a leading car manufacturer, announced their creation known as the traffic jam assistant, in . this car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves like most smart cars. however, it is required that the driver keeps their hands on the wheel at all times when the car is in motion. other manufacturers have taken similar steps, such as gms vibrating seat when the car could be in potential danger while approaching another car, and google with a heads up display indicator. to conclude, safety is the main priority of car manufacturers worldwide, as well as the law. through years of innovating, the idea of a car that can ensure safety as well as entertainment, while being street legal, appears to be within grasp. by , many car innovators plan to have the ability to do so. the question now is, how much better can it get?