there are many ways a person can get from one place to another whether it is by bus, plane, train or car. car and truck transportation is one of the leading causes in air polution. ruducing the use of cars will be beneficial to the public, not only on the streets, but to the citizens themselves. to start off, the reduction of cars on the streets will cause less stress to the people who drive them. for example, in source  it shows how a woman is happier and the loss of her car has changed her life for the better. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, she says. the tension of being in a car and waiting in traffic can be stressful and cause people to get impatient, grumpy, and even irritated. the woman proves that her life has changed because she doesnt have to go through that anymore. her carless life is the one that makes her happy. besides that, not only does car reduction cause better mood for people, but it also lessens the air pollution and makes the enviornment cleaner and better for people to live in. according to source , if the pattern persists and many sociologists believe it will it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviornment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind power plants. this proves that when cars are being used less, there is also less carbon emission into the air and that is helpful to the enviornment. this benefits and makes the air cleaner and safer to breathe. now with every thing good, there is always a bad. in source  it is explained how the delivery companies were complaining of lost revenue. yes, this will be a problem with the delivery companies, but there are other ways of transporting goods to their destination such as by train, boat etc. also in source  there were arrangements made for the the cars to go out on certain days, so the delivery companies problems were not all that bad. the reduction of cars benefits the public more than it what it hurts. the results of limiting car usage has been greatly proven through studies done in source  and it is believed that it should continue to be limited and or reinforced. the people are happier, the enviornment is safer and the air is clean. there is more help than there is hinder and soon it will be seen throughout the world that cars are better in the garage.