from an article, driverless cars are coming, the author reveals that driverless car could result in positive way or negative way. i am in the position of developing of driverless car because driverless car would change the transportation system. although the car is still in development, it is getting closer day by day. the technology we have right now and upcoming technology could totally suport driverless car. the driverless cars would not be available to the peoples unless it is  percent safe and only if the law approve it. all the driverless car are under developent and other than that there are special features for cars that are being made such as drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object and flashing on the windshield. in order to achieve the driverless, it does require lots of sensors. one of the googles modified toyota prius driverless car uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roff, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. dubbed lidar, it uses laser beam to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surrounding. this combination of all this sensors is necessary for the driverless car to reach the the skill of a human at the wheel. googles driverless car have been driven more than half a million miles without a crash, which prove that drivecarless are safe. however the driver still need to be alert to take over when pulling in, roadsblock, roadword or accident. it is proven that the driveless car is safe because driveless car itself have lots of advance technology and in the future the technology will be still improving. the driverless car could drive more safe than a person. driverless car has a sensor that read the miles limit and it does not whenever you wish to. driverless car drive the way the law expected for all car drivers to drive. most accident were caused by speeding. peoples speed up the car whenever the cops is not around or when they are drunk. most car drivers that pulled over by cops are because they broke the law. when people do not obey the law, there are more chance of accident. one out of ten people died due to car accident in world wide scale. drivers that drive the car while they are on drug most likely cause the car accident. if the driveless cars are available, the driver does not have to worry about whether his safety because the driveless car would take care of it. although cops punished people that drive while they are on drugs, which is also know as dui are most likely to repeat again what they used to do. peoples brain is not well function when they are under the drug which led to so many cars accident. driveless cars are safe for humans and also they will change the future of transportation. however the driverless cars are under testing and improving the development, they are safe for our transportation system. each day the technology are helping us to reach our goals to achieve the driverless cars.