millons of fatal crashes are reported to occur each year. most of these crashes are reported to have been due to driver error. what if there was a way that we could still be able to get to the places we want to go safely, and efficently with the use of a vechicle, but without actually having to drive. the new innovation of driverless cars could have so much to offer. driverless cars could let people with disablities be able to go places on there own and become more independent, it could also begin steeply decrease the amount of crashes each year that are due to drinking and driving, and it could save our economy plenty of money and gas.due to the better fuel efficency a driverless car has to offer. many of adults of the legal age to drive are unable to be indepent in getting places on there own due to a disability that makes it unsafe, or even impossible for them to drive. with the invention of driverless vechicles, it could potientally provide a way for people with disabilites to be able to drive, and own there own vechicles. this would be a great thing for people with disabilites, because it would open alot of opputunites that they never have had the chance to do before, and overall would give them a sense of indepency. so many people have been victums that have been severly injured, or even in some cases killed due to a crash caused by a drunk driver. if driverless cars are legalized, this could change dramtically decrease the amount of cases of crashes due to drunk driving that occur each year. if people were able to safely get home on there own while under the influence, without even having to step behind a wheel it would create better and safer enviorments for anyone planning to travel on the road. alot of people argue that driverless cars would be pointless because the average everyday person would never be able to afford one. although even though buying a driveless car could be at intial buy a pricey investment the end result you would actually save money. the driverless cars that are already in process of being manufactored are all extremly fuel efficent. as stated in the article the driverless cars are forseen to only use half of the worlds fuel of todays taxis. if driverless cars use better efficeny, than the average person will then spend less money on gas. so after a few years the intal price of a driverless car will be a good investment to make driverless cars truly do have alot to offer. they are very innovative and they can improve the lives dramatically of everyday people, including those with disablitles limiting them to be unable to get places on there own. drunk driving rates could steeply decrease if we begin to use driverless cars, and even though it is a more pricy investment, the amount of money, and gas it can save the average everyday person will make a driverless car a smart investment.