in the case of having a driverless car, i must say, i am definitely for the development of these futuristic masses of machinery. with that being said, here are some reason we should look into development. techonology is on the rise, and i dont have a doubt that soon in the near future we are going to be able to have fully functioning driveless cars. there are so mant factors that tie into having a completely driverless car, but in the advanced age we are in we know that new techonology is coming in quickly with every passing day. the fact here is, that is is believed that in less than four years car companies and manufacturers will have autonomous cars ready for the road. technology, truly a beautiful thing. with the testing of new technology on a driveless car, there is definitely a way to get them to work properly on the roads. yet, there seems to be some controversy let these pieces of machinery to roam where they please. large masses of people are afraid of driveless cars. they come up with excuses on why they shouldnt be developed. such as, there could be a problem with the manufacturing, but a manufacturer wouldnt send off a faulty autonomous car for selling would they? thats just reckless, unfathomable, and would make the manufacturer look bad, which is the last thing they could possibly want. manufacturers are skilled people in the field they are in, and are doing what is possible with the skills they know to make good use of driverless cars and show that they are as safe as the could possibly be on the road. we shouldnt negelct their hard work and give them credit where credit is due. overall, i am for the development of driverless cars. accomplishing a feat as big as creating a piece of machinery that can steer itself is a hard an requires complete understanding in technology. with how far weve made it already with the semidriverless car, it is not unimaginable to have a complete driveless car. our future holds great things, and among those is an autonomous vechicle.