many times we have seen in movies where cars no longer need a human to be driven. its hard to imagine that finally it is slowly starting to come into reality. google says that they have had cars that could drive by themselves under some conditions since . its exciting to think how far technology has came but have you thought about all the cons this situation would bring? driverless cars should not be developed because these cars would be to expensive to buy and fix, new traffic laws would have to be made to protect individuals in an act of an injury, and cars are safer when a human driver is in control at all times. due to the fact of how expensive these cars are to build, they will most likely be expensive to purchase and to fix. this idea of driverless cars would not go very far with its ideas because not many people would be able to afford it. only the people who have the money to purchase this car would have the luxury to own it. cars like these would not be seen around like it is normal. lets say that this car is now open to the world, its safe and you can now purchase it. you drive it and get into a wreck where people outside in the open get injured. whod take the blame for it? the car owner or the manufacturer? many laws would have to be changed to protect the individual in cases like these. in some situations, manufacturers and the individuals would lose a great amount of money to cover the expenses that were damaged during the scene. new laws would have to be created to cover both the manufacturers and the car owners. traffic laws say that the only safe car has a human driver at all times. unless they get the computers to act as a human brain does when in a dangerous scene, cars with a human driver will always be better. people are better off driving cars instead of having a computer do it. it would take a lot of work and money to have these driverless cars work as great as a human brain. drivers, passengers and pedestrians should be safe at all times and with these cars its very frightening having the thought of a car going into a computer situation and end up causing great damage to the passengers and pedestrians. although it is very exciting to finally coming to this point of technology, its very important to think about all the cons these types of cars would have. purchasing a car like this would be a situation youd have to think twice about because of the great risk youd be on if the car has a defect. to me, i would very much rather keep things the old fashioned way than putting my life in the hands of a computer. driverless cars should not be developed because these cars would be to expensive to buy and fix, new traffic laws would have to be made to protect individuals in an act of an injury, and cars are safer when a human driver is in control at all times.