drivers should be in control at all times. driverless cars are very expensive, there still needs to be a driver in the driverless car, and most importantly pedestrians and passengers know saftey is best achieved when there is an alert driver. cars should be controled by people, not on its own. expenses to buy sensors and radar are at a high. in the text sebastian thrun says,  the sensors werent there, the computers werent there, and the mapping wasnt there. radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. its wasnt something you could by at radio shack.  this evidence from the text explains how the cost is a major issue in the driverless cars. driverless cars might still need assistance. the text states, why would anyone want a diverless car that still needs a driver? this evidence from the text proves that that is an issue. a car is not technically driverless if it still needs a driver keeping alert of surroundings. there are laws placed for a reason on all drivers. the text states, most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and law makers know that saftey is best achieved with alert drivers. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has human driver in control at all times. this evidence from the text proves that having these driverless cars can possibly cause conflict with the law. the text also proves that a driver is more alert of their surroundings as well. although it is more safe to not have driverless cars they also can help us. if the society were to use this type of car it can also notify the driver. according to the text, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are design to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this evidence from the text clarifies that the driverless car is not completely driverless and still requires the drivers attention. in conclusion, there are more reasons to not get the driverless car. the car would require a pretty penny, the car still needs a driver, and driving law could possibly be broken. the roads would be much safer with a driver behind the wheel, not a system of its own.