whether we have our license or not, we can all relate to the stress of the daily commute. as of the past century, cars have been one of the most efficient ways to get from point a to point b. now, mainly due to air pollution, there has been a noticeable decline in the amount of cars used for travel. the advantages of limiting car usage include less stress, less air pollution, and an overall improved society. the stress of traffic and the constant pressure to be on time would be significantly reduced if people chose other means of transportation such as riding a bike, taking public transportation such as the subway or bus, or walking. source  shows just how effective decreased car usage can be. it describes vauban, germany, a small suburb community in which there is virtually no car usage. many citizens report being less tense, as everything is made within means of walking distance. another cause of stress from car usage is the effects it has on the atmosphere. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of the greeehouse gas emissions in europe and  percent in some car intensive areas in the united states.source  paris is an excellent example of just how much car usage has had such negative effects on the atmosphere. source  explains how paris was so smog ridden it rivaled bejing, china. paris then placed limits on car usage until the smog cleared enough for the ban to be lifted. not only does decreased car usage help the planet, it helps society as a whole. source  describes bogota, columbia and how it celebrates one day a year of no car usage. the city has found that not only has this policy helped claear the smog, but it is enthusiastically endorsed by the citizens. most peole turned out to see the bike races, despite the occasional rain showers. this has caused two other colombian cities, cali and valledupar to join the event. bogota has seen the construction of  bike paths, the most of any latin american city. it is not just the government endorsing decreased car usage but people themselves. source  points out how the number of miles driven per person was  percent below the peak. there are various explanation for why people are driving less, one might be that the internet makes increased telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without having to drive to them. it is evident that we are witnessing a major cultural shift, possible degressing, but in the best possible way. the decreased incline to drive has resulted in less air pollution, a less stressed population, and an improved society overall.