the challenge of exploring venus. the author suggests that nasa working ans studying about venus, and how it wored. the solars system was finding where the venus and close to which planet. venus is actually a planet in the solar system, venus is the second planet from the sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. venus is the closest planet to the earth in terms of density and size. the experience extreme than anything humans encounter on earth, such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to driveing to the deepest part of the oceans. nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. however, oeering at venus from a ship orbitign or hovering safely far above the planet can proide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a through mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. the nasa is working one other stuff to studying venus. for example, some simplified electroics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss suerface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. in conclusion, there was almost ninty seven percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfurice acid in vnuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over eight hundred degrees fahreheit, and the atmospheric pressure is ninty times greater than what they ecperience on the earth. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering thirty or so miles above the roiling venusin landscape. at thrirty plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around one hundred seventy degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. the though of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by useing the gears ans levers and do not require electronics at all. venus has a value, not only because human curiosity will like lead us into the mnay equally intimidating endeavores.