studying venus is indeed dangerous but it does have a lot of fasinating things to learn about. venus is a planet that has a lot of unanswered questions, and exploring it might give us those answers. dangers are all over the world might as well take risks and find out what is going on in venus. to start, venus sounds really intresting and amazing by all those things that we read aboout the planet itself. studying venus could bring us a lot of oppurtunities. in the story in paragraph  it says astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may have once have been the most earthlike planet in out soslar system. this shows that venus has been like earth in the past and it could still be. secondly venus has been set to be really dangerous because it can have erupting valcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking land on its surface. but without actually going up to venus and finding out what it really has thats all just talk. for sure venus can be dangerous but is it really a planet not a person can walk on? in paragraph  it say venus was probably largely filled with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. if venus once may have had life and ocean on it their may have a chance of still being able to have that. lastly venus has very of intresting things to it. in paragraph  in the first sentence it says striving to meet the challenge by venus has a value, not only because of the insight gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will like lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this is telling me the enough people have so much curiosity on the planet that one day people will actually want to know what is going on with it and will want answers. yes the author is right venus brings up a lot of dangers to it like acid or heat capable of melting tin, but nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. but all of the dangers are going to be worth it once people figure out all these amazing things about venus. in conclusion i do think that venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. i hope you can read this and think that venus would be an amazing planet to explore and find out good things about. it could have its dangers but what you get out if it will all and up being worth it because of how much venus was so earthlike, and how much good things can come out of it.