although many people argue that the face on mars could, and or is an alien created artifact, there is much scientific evidence that contradicts this belief. when the face was first spotted, it was nothing more than an enormous shadow that resembled a head. it had an astonoshing resembelance to an ancient egyptian pharaoh, which caught the attention of many nasa researchers. after getting an up close view of the face, everyone realized that this was just a formation of rock called a mesa, or butte, that was very common to see in this area of mars. this landform was confused to be a face since shadows allowed others to view it as if though it had a mouth, a nose, and a pair of eyes. nasa saw this as an oppurtinity to excite the public in order to get more people to focus, and discuss about the red planet. once the face was viewed by others, it became symbolic and it was often used as the topic of many novels and tabloid magazines. this sudden outburt into social media and literature caused people to conspire up a new story. that nasa was hiding the fact that there was an anciet civilazation they discovered, but never told about. this is obviously false as nasa would benefit from discovering a trace of life on mars. very few scientists shared this thought and decided to get the benefit of the doubt by returning to the cydonia region to reunite with the face. once being able to get a clear view of the face, they got various snapshots. after the image was released to the public, it showed an ordinary landform which contradicted the theory of it being created by aliens. skeptic theorists continued to believe that since the camera had to peer through wispy clouds to be able to locate the face, markings made by aliens were blurred and couldnt be viewed. once again, nasa traveled to the red planet and took a piture three times larger than the original on a cloudless day. this image defended the fact that this wasnt an alien artifact nor a trace of human life on mars . it proved to be a butte, a common landform found in this region of mars. the resolution was high enough that if there were any symbolic markings on the face or any human related surroundings, they could be seen by the human eye. the face on mars was proved to be a mesa, or butte. which isnt only common in the cydonia region of mars, it is also common in the southwestern states of the u.s. a butte found in idaho is equivalent to the size of the face, proving that this wasnt an alien created monument.