driverless cars may sound like a perfect creation but for me im not to sure if i agree with it. in passage  it states that  if technology fails and someone is injured ,who is at falut the driver of manufacturer? this could be the altimate problem with building these cars. unfortunitaly heres some facts about what i think so. yeah sure you would want to own a car that drives it self. thats like the american dream, i mean who wouldnt. but there comes a time on the road that technology just cant control. with the use of sensors that can tell you when and where something on the road is coming up or if you are in a dangerious position is cool. but in the process of that happening is the technology reaction time to the danger fast enough to avoid it? thats something they dont tell you. with the fact of technology not being that advanced at the time, this would cause loads of accidents with the cars. these accidents would sturr up all kinds of problems. such as law suits from someone with serious injury, or maybe even lead to death. bmw was only able to get a car to control its self at mhp in , but the driver had to keep hold of the wheel. gm created the vibrating seats for when cars are backing into danger, but what about the danger ahead of them. all these things that can cause major safety issues are being over looked. designing a driverless car is a good idea but in passage  it states why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? this brings up all sorts of commotion about the driverless car. for starters if you say your designing a car that drives its self, why do the car still needs assistance from a human? this becomes even more of a problem when you have states that dissagree with the driverless car and have laws that go aginst it. laws focus on the safety of alert drivers, passangers, and pedestrains. how do you expect the cars to do the same? automakers are hoping that the asumption they have made on the problems for these cars would be worked out. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have the driverless car by . but will they have all the right features to make sure there car in safe. or for the fact of can the car operate it self as if a human was driving? will these cars be able to withstand the dangers of the road or traffic jams. are these cars going to have the alerts the roads? the biggest question of them all how would these cars know how to get to where the person is going without the help of the driver? none of these things was answerd of explained in the passage. but for the idea of a driverless car i personally dont agree with it. in the following passages above i explain my thoughts on the creation of a diverless car. leaves breif details on how i feel about it with supporting facts from the article. with all this being said i think my point is very clear on how i feel about the matter at hand.