the author of the challenge of exploring venus doesnt support the idea of studying venus well as it lacks with detail, and they dont go in depth with the pros of exploring this inhabitated plant and how it would benifit us in doing so. in the article we are introduced to venus and given a glimpse of our background history with them. the author also includes infromation of the planets atmosphere and how its a challenging factor for us when attempting to reach its suface, the huge difference that seperates us from them. when given information of past travels, we are informed that each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades, tcev. with this alone there is already doubt engendered in the readers mind because of how long it has been since we last attempted to reach such grounds and how even then spacecrafts werent durable when they did make it. each previous mission was unmanned due to the circumstances they were met with yet when further reading is made we are told that nasa wants to send humans to venus. this only adds to the concerns of the reader in manifesting alienlike areas. then we are explained of possible ways nasa is already planning to approach venus and how they are already working, or at least contemplaiting, ways to last longer in earths twin sister. we are given a jot down of how things are being tested and what it is they are trying to overcome in order to create something durable that will hold longer than a few hours. the only reason we are given for this is that astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, tcev. the author doesnt even clarify how this is impactful to our society today. what is there to gain from a planet that may well once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system? in that sentence alone there is still some uneasiness since its not sure or confirmed that venus was once like earth. therefore, this is why the author of the challenge of exploring venus doesnt support the idea of studying venus very clearly. the lack of pros and benifits to our planet adding to the pot of cons and uncertainty that was instead made from reading this article. surely they did a splendid job in guiding us through possible ways thatll help in exploring the harsh environments and listing final encounters we have had before, but no information was straightforward when it came as to why we should invest time in going to venus when such dangerous challenges are in front of us.