have you ever wanted to save a life? you can save a life while you are apart of the seagoing cowboys program. you might be wondering what in the world is seagoing cowboys, but you can find out what it is if you continue to read this essay. the program called seagoing cowboys is a program that helps contries after a natural disater, or a war, which is the reason seagoing cowboys was created. seagoing cowboys is the program for you to join because saving lives can be so rewarding to yourself, to others, and make others want to be just like you. even if your the type of person thats always negative, that will encourage others not be like you, but to be the person that is the better version of that you. you might be thinking, why in the world would i want to help someone i dont even know? i can answer that, because you should care about what the others think of you. think about it, if you help someone you dont know, they might see what a good person you are and would want to join the group that you are in. helping others is a service everyone needs, even after a war or a natural disaster. you need to save a life, and help a family some day, do it with the seagoing cowboys program to be the person to help and possiblry even help them from dieing from starvation and other dark reasons because you didnt help them. do you like travling? do you like the ocean? want to be on a boat for a couple of weeks? then seagoing cowboys is the perfect program for you! you might argue that there is nothing on a boat to do, well your wrong, on lukes way back to his mainland, he claimed that there was a lot of extra time to pass by because after dropping off the cargo at the destination, there is nothing else to look over so you have the rest of that time to yourself. after hearing the reasons in this passage, do you now feel like helping people or would you like to just sit on your couch just eating chips off your stomach. there is only one right choice, its the first option, saving people is so rewarding in your mind and heart. seagoing cowboys is the program that will make you feel better as a person, and as a human knowing that youre making history with helping other human beings live a long lived life by helping them live another day in there home and helping still have food.