in the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. i believe that his suggestion would be valid. the reasons that the author provides are apealing benefits for just the exploration of a challenging planet. the author claims that the dangers of the planet can be overcome by just a few modifications to the average spacecraft, which would be projected to last only a couple of hours. these modifications would be made so that the spacecraft would last longer in the harsh conditions. the author states,each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this text shows the dangers of attempting to explore this planet. the author also stated, these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. this shows that even the best and strongest built technology would not be able to withstand this planets wrath. despite these dangerous and extreme conditions, nasa believes they may have determined a way to still explore this forbidden planet. nasas solution would be to hover above the surface  or so miles to avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by not being in it. paragraph  states,at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. this shows that exploration of venus would be harsh but definetly possible with the right equipment provided to withstand these conditions. nasa is also working on other possible solutions for their venus exploring issues. for example, in paragraph  it states,some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. even though the simplified electronics only last for three weeks, a lot of information can be gathered in that time. three weeks is definetly a lot longer than a couple of hours, which is what the normal spacecraft would withstand. but nasa is also working on old technology called mechanical computers. as paragraph  states,these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require eletronics at all. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. this shows that collection of data on venus is not as complex as upgrading technology, it means that nasa should just bulk up their already existing technology for the conditions presented. venus is a very tricky and very dangerous planet for exploration but despite all of those factors, it is still possible with the right technology. the benefits of this trip to venus definelty outweigh the possible negativities. though we may never be able to stay on venus for more than three weeks or so, it would be worth the daring exploration so that we may become bold enough for even more daring explorations of our solar system.