the facial action coding system facs brings students a new type of learning environment. author nick dalto wrote the article making mona lisa smile educating readers on the new facial expression innovation from prof. thomas huang and prof. nicu sebe. dr. huang and his colleague use this tool to find new ways for computers and humans to communicate. this new system brings a new type of learning, allowing the students to retain and understand information better. dalto is the writer, but dr. huang has emphasized that facs would bring the students a new type of online learning, making them more interested in the lesson. dr. huang explains this innovation as he says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like a human instructor. paragraph . this new change would make the lesson more beneficial to the student as it would make the student more interested in the lesson, further allowing them to retain information better later on. the lesson may be beneficial to the student academically, but is it causing mental health issues as it supports more screen time? facs is all computer based, meaning less time in the classroom and more time infront of the computer. the student would be conducting this program on a school computer as dalto explains, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms paragraph  the program ends up promoting more screen time, something that students should get less of, instead of human interaction, which our society needs more of. in a way facs program is not beneficial or valuable to the student mentally as it promotes something that our society needs less of. this technology could be also very beneficial to those who do not have the best teacher or education available to them. when facs makes that facial emotion recognition it adjust the lesson, allowing the students to understand the lesson better, as dr. huang explained. this would be beneficial to students who have a poor education environment as their teachers might not recognize these facial expressions, causing the student to not understand the lesson which later leads them to falling behind in class. this new technology has many pros and cons, but also brings students a new way of understanding. facs could possibly bring grades up along with educational improvement. this program may support more screen time, causing students mental health issues, along with eyesight to deteriorate, but if this program is used wisely, none of those things should happen. this new technology should bring a new way of understanding, making facs a valuable resource to students.