have you ever wonder if you car was safe? what if you were causing enviornmental damage? would you chnage then? in vauban, germany residents of this upscale community are suburbam pioneers, going where few soccer moms or comuting executiver have nere thought about going before. they have given up there cars. in this experimental new district they are generally forbidden to have street parking, driveways, and home garages. as a result to this ,  percent of vaunbans families do not own cars, and  precent sold thir cars to move there. automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middleclass families from chicago to shanghai tebd to make their homes. and that,experts say, is a hge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. . . . passrngers cars are responsible for  precent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe . . . and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states.elisabeth rosenthal however, in paris after days of nearrecored pollution they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france , after just fivedays of intensifying smog. they all blamed diesel fuel, since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. diesels make up  precent of vehicles in france, compared to . precent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, according to reuters.robert duffer in bogota, colombia a program thats ste to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day. leaving the streets of the capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. municipal authorities from other countries came to bogota to see the event and were enthusiastis.these people re generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing border, said enrique riera, the mayor of asuncion, paraguay.andre selsky atlast, in the united states, president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united statesgreenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week. fortuitious ssist from an incipien shift in americans are buying fewer cars , drivingless and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. the united staes , with its broad expansas and suburban ideals, had long been one of the world prime car cultures. its is the birthplace of model t the hopme of detroit the place where wilson pickett immortalized mustange sally. . . but americas love affair with vehicles are cooling. so as you drive you high byrd cars down the highway, stop and think what your doing to the air and evironment around you.