the face on mars have you ever thought of being a scientist at nasa or have you ever seen the face on mars? well i am a scientist and i have been very lucky to go to space and see the face in person. it was one of the best experiences that has ever happened to me in life! some people think that the face was created by aliens even though there has been many tests and agreements that it is just a natural landform. i belive that it is a natural landform beacuse there is proof that scientists have figured it was just another martian mesa, there are pictures that proves it could just be formed like that because it is common around cydonia, and there has not yet been any proof to encourage it was created by aliens. the scientists and i have done several researches ever since we first saw the face. everything has yet led to prooving it is just another martian mesa. looking through all the pictures, everything stated that it is just a huge rock formation. the rock resembles a human head with eyes, a mouth, and a nose. i believe that after all the temperatures such as the heat and coldness, it could have caused it to be shaped like that. there has probably even been spaceships that has landed in mars in search of investigation. the spaceships could have formed these shapes when landing there. as you probably know, it is very common around cydonia to have these kind of natural landfoms. yes, it is common to have shapes and forms that are unusual such as the face. the only difference in this one was that it had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. theres not really much of a difference if you think about it. it is unbelievable that its the first time poeple think of an alien doing this art work when they have never thought of this idea when we have found other evidence of natural lanforms like the face. there has been plenty of evidence to proove that the face is just a natural landform, but there is no proove of it to be created by aliens. looking at the pictures closely, there are no footprints, fingerprints, or marks to show any living life in mars. if theres no living life in mars, then how could there be aliens? i want you to think about that. there has not been any kind of creatures found in mars which is shocking. now that i have explained myself of why i believe that the face is just a natural landform, what do you think? do you still believe aliens created it? if you do, i encourage you to do some research and tell me the reasons of why you think that the face was created by aliens. after all the research ive done, all my conclusions sum up to the same knowledge through the evidence prooven.