there are many advantages to limiting car usage and many people are starting to see it. in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal she goes to explain that in vauban, germany there is a community that have given up on cars. without a car on the streets you can tell its more lively with the quote heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked berdants streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. with that quote from the article you can tell that the streets are filled with the sound of people rather than the sound of motors and smoke from the vehicles. certaninly not having cars is a great advantage to suburbs, in rosenthal article it said  there have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking... in attempt to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation... in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away... instead of wasting gas and filling the air with disgusting gas, stores could be just around the corner. which in return would be easier for everyone around. even the united states, enviromental protection agency is promotingcar reduced communites. another advantage to limiting car usage is to reduce smog and air pollution, in the article paris bans driving due to smog by robery duffer he informs us that paris actually enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the golbal city. it stated  congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... the smog rivaled bejing,china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. by banning driving they not only were able to reduce the smog and air pollution, they obviously reduced car traffic! also in the article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky, they banned car in an effort to promote alternative transportation and reduce spog. in the article is said parks and sports center also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad , smooth sidewalks rushhouse restrictins have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants andupscale shopping districts have cropped up. the day also is said to help lower stress,  its a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air population,said buisnessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. as you can tell from the facts within this essay, there are definitly many advantages with limiting car usage, from reducing smog and pollution, to having stores built closer to home. these advantages not only help the citzens but also the planet we live on, and our future children and their children and so on...