driverless cars are developing with all the new technology advancements. while we might not be quite there yet we will be one day. some argue that driverless cars will not be a good thing and that they will never be used becasue people are too impatient to sit in a car and have it take them somewhere. but driverless cars will one day change the world for the better. driverless cars are going to change the world. maybe some people like to drive and say that they will not want driverless cars, but those people are not the ones who have to drive all througout the night. semitruck drivers are people who spend a good amount of their adult lives on the road. with driverless cars developing it will help these people there would not be a need for them and they can spend more of their time at home. some argue that driverless cars are not a possibility, even if these people turn out to be right the advancements that have been made make the lives of semitruck drivers much easier. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph these simple things can make a drivers life much easier. there are people in the world who simply hate driving with a passion, but they have no alternitive which forces them to drive where they need to go. whether it is to work and back or whatever it may be they are forced to drive. but with driverless cars coming these people have something to look forward to, now they would have a car that will take them to work and back. which is why driverless cars would be a great deal if they were to become a normality in our everyday lives. driverless cars are one day going to become a great deal in our everyday lives and it will change the world as we know it. no matter who you are they will have an impact on your life. whether you are a person who only drivers to and from work or if you drive for a living it will change your life. it might be because you simply hate driving and would like for driverless cars to become an alternitive for you. it even be because you are a truck driver who spends a lot of his or her time on the road and would like to rest here and there when making a delivery. if you are anywhere inbetween there driverless cars will change your life for the better.