cars. are they really needed? for long trips most likely yes but, there are many advandages to limiting car usage. it is a way to get out and exercise and get healthy, and also it does not produce as much pollution in the air. limiting your car usage is a good way to get outside and do some phycial activity. instead of, getting into your car and staring it up and wasting gas money to go to the drug store to buy something small or anything. you can get up and walk, bike, skate or even roller blade!  heidrun walter of vauban, a media trainer says when i had a car, i was always tense. im much happier this way, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bikes and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. also, in the story it stated while there have been efforts to make cities cleaner, and better for walking in vauban, they place stores and, i think malls a walk away. insead of a highway away. i think talking the extra mile is better than paying for another mile. another reason why not using your car so much is a good thing is that it doesnt produce as much pollution as it once did, or it is doing now. passenger cars are more responsible for  percent of greenshouse gas emmisions in europe and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. also after a couple days of a record pollution, paris enforced a driving ban to clear the air from smog in the city. the stuffed up smog went down  percent after five days. later on the smog moved on to china, which is probably the most polluted city in the world. its is said that paris has more smog than other european capitals. it states that paris had  microrganisms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels. in conclusion, there are many advantanges and disadvantages to not using your car so much or limiting your car usage. you can get going outside, walk, hike, bike ect. and get a good workout. or you can choose to help save our planet and not continue polluting the world for everyone.