the world cant go one day without somone getting into a car accident. even the smartest, most alert human alive has a chance of crashing. technology has endless amounts of glitches. scientist and technitions spend months, sometimes even years to get their idea to function properly. although they spend endless hours developing a lifechanging product, they still tend to glitch, mess up, or shut down every once in a while. for example, smart phones are the most commen used technology. the creation of smart phones has taken years to develop. from expirience, i know that iphones have multiple different features that tend to glitch all the time. apple always has to come out with new updates every month or two, to fix those glitches. not only would it take years to correctly develop driveless cars, but just like anything important, in the wrong hands, it could lead to something horrific. would the making of drivless cars cancel out teenagers having to earn their permit or license? since they are driveless, we wouldnt need to know how to drive. wrong. some people may fail to notice that, although they claim to be driverless, every human behind the wheel should know what they are doing. new and inexpirienced drivers tend to be more clumsy and carless. even if the cars are driverless, the person behind the wheel should still be as repsonsible as if the car was not driverless. money has been, and always will be an issue in the world. the text says, these smartroad systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simpily to expensive to be practical. road work takes time. how would we get around to where we need to go if all the roads are being upgraded ? it would cause too much frustration because everyone already hates roundabouts and detours, how it is. road work also tends to cause to many accidents because not everyone is alert on what is going on around them. the text says,they can steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human dirver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. not only could that feature malfunction, but a driverless car could pursuae a carless human to fall asleep behind the wheel, making it even more dangerous rather than driving a automatic or manuel. some people are prone to falling alseep through multiple alarms in the morning, regardless of how loud or annoying they are. if a heavy sleeper falls asleep behind the wheel of a driverless car, they are more than likely to sleep through the warnings and alerts the driverless car would give them when neeeding human assistance. driverless cars may sound like a good idea, but truley, they could lead to lack of responsibility, debt, and irreversable mistakes and inguries. the way the world is set up now, it would be nearly impossible to successfully pull this kind of idea off.