venus sometimes called the evening star is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. in our solar sistem, venus is the second planet from our sun. the author supports this idea of the study of venus because he has a investigation and the main idea is that everybody know more about venus . another thing is the dangers that it have because venus is considered a planet and he can explorers more closely and safe. the planet venus is the unique in the solar system with his temperatures ,his chemicals , and his pressure is not the same than others planets. the explorer can see some differences in the planet venus with other planet and one thing is the orbit and the speed . .another explanation to know or to discover more about the planet venus is sent spacecraft at the space is more easy and cheap this spaceceaft is used to complete mission ant to have an investigation more closely but no survived in venus for more than a few hours and obviously a spaceship cant touch down because the atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide and a high grade os acid sulfuric the preassure and the temperature are very extreme for the humans. the planet venus is different of any planet in our solar system. the explanation is that the planet venus have a climate very extreme beacuse discovered and sent tools at the space is a challenge to find something in this planet . the evidence that support that is a challenge is that the planet venus have impediments like erupting volcanoes but years before it was an ocean with some forms of life it change now the planet has a surface rocky with craters and we have a plan to come back at the planet venus it is in a discution.go to the planet venus is extreme and dangerous because the solar powe would be plentiful and radiation would not exceed earth levels. the planet venus is not easy and dont have conditiones but is survivable for humans .it is a challenge extreme because more forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. we can use or many researches are working on innovations the would allow our machines to discovered closely. we can looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers to have technology more advanced with the technology of now when it comes to extreme physical conditions . we can expanded the imagination and innovation to a future better or to take answers that can change .