wouldnt it be nice to know the honest feeling and emotions of someone? i personally like the idea. using facs facial action coding system can help in so many ways, but it also has its downs to it as well. the facial action coding system was descovered by prof., with the help of thomas huang and nicu sebe. they wanted to make it to where humans and computeres could communicate easliy. the way this works is that the computer scans a d view of the persons face, scanning the muscles to detect the emotion of that specific person. facs can be benificial in a lot of ways. school, personal life, work, etc. in paragraph . it says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then dr. huang predicts that the computer would be able to modify the lesson and try to help the student learn it in an easier way. this could help the teachers by letting them know who got it and who dont go it. this technoligy could potentially help more students get into colleges and stuff like that. another way facs could be benificial is in the medical feild. a lot of people in this world go through something called depression, and usually go to the doctor to get some type of medicine to help with the problem. with the help of facs, doctors could be able to tell exactly how a person is feeling. this could lead to less suicidal deaths and many more. i personally think that the facial action coding system is a great idea and would be very benificial in this world today. on the other hand, this technoligy could be hated by some people. there are people in this world that do not want everyone to know exactly how they are feeling. there are people that stay more to theirselves and they like it that way. facs could make it harder for that specific person to be by himher self. if a person is feeling sad and mad most of the time, facs would just bring more people towards that person out of couriosity. even when that person just wants to be left alone. eventhough i see how the facial action coding system could potentially effect some peoples lives in a bad way, i still belive that facs is a great idea. it should still be worked on more and more everyday and can start making its way a crossed the world.