the use of cars has always affected society greatly. there are plans constantly being added to better the environment without the use of cars. vauban, mentioned in source , can be the start of the carless world we want to live in. as this expiriment becomes noticed by the world, communities will realize how beneficial this experiment could be. think about a world with no cars. there would be less pollution and less gasses being emitted into the air. for example, pairs has just banned driving due to heavy smog. after about five days, car traffic was down  percent. limiting car usage should be implemented heavily because of the greenhouse gas emissions and the happiness of the citizens of vauban. to begin with, cars cause many problems and the most important being the emissions of greenhouse gasses. as seen in source , some of the car fillled cities of the united states suffer from up to  percect of greenhouse gas emissions. wellpopulated cities such as new york, los angeles, and chicago could be in great danger. a highly populated city in colombia, has a carfree day. the goal of this is to allow people to open their eyes and realized how many alternative ways there are to go to work. the implimented a fee of  dollars to anyone who violated. i think that by adding a fee, the outcome would be greater and more people would participate. this is a great idea that would open people up to other options. for example, on the third year of the car free day, two other cities joined bogota. sometimes we have to open up the eyes of others to really see the change. also, parks and recreational areas have opened up, uneven sidewalks have been referbished, and most importantly the city has less traffic. continuing with pollution, paris had a nearrecord of pollution, seen in source . this led to the ban of driving. the ban of driving could be refered to as the limiting of driving. they set up a plan in which cars with evennumbered license plates couldnt drive on mondays. the same occured for the oddnumbered license plates on tuesday. they heavily enforced this by implimenting a fine of  euros if they used their cars. this idea could work here in america. it would open up carpooling and lessen the amount of cars on the road. people such as david goldberg, mentioned in source , are pushing for citites to be less dependent on cars. mr. goldberg mentions the hybrid car. even though buying a hybrid does not reduce the amount of cars, it does reduce the amount of green house gas emissions. seeing the happiness and comfort that the people of vauban allows us to see what our society could look like. we could live in a society just like theirs, filled with nature. in the united states, the number of licenses has been going down each year. now, this does not automatically mean that american citizens want to be green. it could be simply because of the fact that cars are expensive, and because we are living in a rough situation. in conclusion, i believe that we should limit car usage for the advantages of less pollution and less greenhouse gasses.