driverless cars have both positve and negatives aspects, but i personally do not think that we should have them on our streets. they are too complicated for people. i do not think they will ever actually be on the street because of how dangerous they are. multiple states have already outlawed the testing of driverless cars. i am siding with those states because, driverless cars are dangerous, they will make people even lazier then what they already are, and a lot of people probably would not be able to afford these cars. driverless cars are dangerous because everything is controlled by a computer, the passenger is not in control at all times. traffic laws state that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. if there is a passenger in a driverless car, and the car begins to malfunction and the passenger gets injured or even dies, whose fault will it be? the passenger or the manufacturer? driverless cars just make things so much more complicated, i think most people would rather drive their own cars anyways, because they will feel as if they are control of everything, rather than having a computer control everything for you. another reason driverless cars are bad is because they will make america even lazier then it already is today. people in this country do not like doing anything for themselves, driverless cars will just make everything even worse. if people do not have to drive, then they will act as if they do not have to do other things. not having to drive just leads to more and more lazy actions down the road. i think their are certain things that people will always need to do for themselves, and driving is one of them. cars that are controlled manually are already expensive enough. i can only imagine how expensive driverless cars will be. even if driverless cars were brought to the streets, who would really be able to buy them? not too many people. the only people that would be buying these cars are rich people. so wasting all this money to make driverless cars is pointless if they are not going to be available to everybody. driverless cars will not be good for this country. they will just make things worse and put lives in danger. states are outlawing these cars for a reason. i think more and more states should follow, it is the right thing to do. people already die in car accidents everyday, this will just boost the deaths caused by car accidents. driverless cars should not be making their way to the streets any time soon.