the facial action coding system could and could not be useful in classrooms. it could be useful because if the student is upset, and the computer recognizes that, then it could bring up something to brighten the students mood. if the student is bored, then the computer can bring up something not so boring. this may not work for everybody though. this may cause the student to be distracted on what is on the screen, rather than do what they are supposed to do. say a student is sitting in a classroom on a computer. the student is upset about something that has happened. the computer could bring up something to maybe, hopefully, brighten the students mood. this might put the student in a better mood. if the student is bored, and they dont want to do what they were assigned, the computer can bring up something to bring the student mind off of what they were doing. or the computer can bring up something to make their work not so boring. if the computer detects the student is confused, then it could bring up something to help the student. this could be useful but it might not work for everybody. if the computer detects the student is upset, and it brings up somethig to make them happy, it might not work. they might think it is stupid or they dont care. they might think there is nothing that can cheer them up. this might work for little kids, for when they do something on the computer. this may not work for older kids though. some would think its stupid. they might stop using the computer if it distracts them. kids are easily distracted. even older kids and adults can be easily distracted. if there were computers in the classroom to do this thing, it will cause the students to become more distracted. if the computer brings up something to make the student happier, the student will be distracted on what just pulled up rather than do their work. if they are in the middle of a test, and the computer brings up a game or something so the student isnt bored, the student would rather sit there and play the game rather than take the test. then the student would get in trouble because they were playing a game, when they were supposed to take the test. people may take advantage of it. if the students is told to get on the computer, and do something, and they dont want to do it, they will pretend like they are bored so the computer will bring up a game for them to play. if they are taking a test, they will pretend like they are confused so the computer brings up something to help them, rather than do it themselves. so there are many ways it could be useful in a classroom. such as make a student happier, make whatever it is not so boring, or help a student. there are also ways it could not be so useful. such as when people think it is stupid, or they dont care, or when they stop using the computer because it distracts them too much. parents and teacher also may not like this idea.