in this essay i will convince you that the face on mars is just a natural landform. some of the evidence that i have that the face is jusr a natural landform is that i was nearly  miles long that would take aliens quiet a while to create, another form of evidence that i have is that the vikings missions were done for eighteen years before anyone when back to try and get another picture, and in the text it gives you an example of a nautural landform on earth the looks a lot like the face. in this paragraph i am going to support my claim in the openig paragraph. the first claim that i am going to support is the one about the face being nearly  miles long. if this where to be a creation by aliens dont you think that we would have seen the aliens while they were creating the face. also if there were aliens on mars nasa probably would have descovered them long beofr they had tome to create the face. the next claim that i am going to support is the claim about it being eighteen years before another space craft was sent to camture the face in a picture. dont you think that nasa would have sent another spacecraft within that month or even year if they thought that the face was an alien creation. if the face was an alien creation nasa probably would have sent another space craft sooner because if they found out that there is life forms on mars that could get them money. my third and final cliam that i am going to support is that in the text they provide the reader with an example of a landform on earth that the face looks like. the landform that the text provides the reader with is middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. that example tells you that aleins coulnt have created the face because they dont know what the landform on earth looks like. so in conclusion to my above claims there is no scientific evedence that aliens could have created the face. a restateof the reasons behind why the face was not created by aliens are that the face was nearly  miles long and it would have taken aliens a lot of time to create in which nasa could have discovered them, the next resone being it was eighteen years before they sent anyone to get another picture, if nasa really believed it was created by aliens they would have sent someone sooner, the final reason is that there is a landform on earth that looks a lot like the face.