the article the challenge of exploring venus is about the author trying to get me to think that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. what that line is saying is even though venus is a dangerous place it shouldnt stop you in wanting to go and explore it, to find out more about our solar system. me as a girl, i dont know if i would want to go travel venus in knowing that it is very dangerous and has very big risk factors. in this article though the author made me look at it with a bigger perspective. he put some points in that i really liked that got me over the perspective of venus is a dangerous place. here are some of the points, if we took the challenege to go visit venus we would get to see what the earthlike planet looks like, the understnading of what venus has on its planet and challenges that we have on earth should not be limited by dangers, but it should make our imagination and innovation meet bigger standards. the author said that the closest planet to earth is venus. earth and venus are known as twins. the question is why would anyone want to go visit venus if it is so dangerous. its because venus is the earthlike planet in our solar system. it is the closest planet that you can study and it is like earth. people want to discover more about it to see what more the two planets have in common. they know that long time ago venus had earth like features and was once able to support various forms of life. now they know that it still has some features earth has. like a rocky surface, with craters, mountains, and valleys. people want to be able to study venus so we can see why they cant support forms of life and how it came to be that way. the second point that caught my attention as i was reading this article, is that how are you going to understand venus without going their and putting some sort of camera or a human there to get some pieces of venus. we want to understand venus so we can start understanding other planets. we start with venus because it is the closest to earth and it is similar to earth so we can compare and see what other planets might have in common and what they are like. we want to understand why  percent of carbon dioxide covers venus. we also are trying to figure out why their temperatures andd conditions are extremely worse than any human being on earth has encoutered. this topic made me realize that starting to understnad venus can help us start understanding other planets and not just others but our own planet too. the third point that really caught my eye and has made me think is at the end of the article the author says our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this is a very good point to end the article with because he is trying to tell us that dont let things that you fear get in the way of you imagination. dont let your fears make you from doing something that might change your life in a good way. the author adds this at the end because he wants us to see that he isnt letting the fears of how dangerous venus is from stopping him from going there and seeing what it is like in the future. it might not even be him, it could be him talking to others saying venus is okay to go visit because it will open you imagination and innovation. in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author makes it very obvious that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. he put in multiple points and backed them up with information. the author was very clear in stating why he thinks it is important to keep trying to find a way to visit venus despite the difficulties. the three points that caught my eye were if we took the chance to go see venus we would see the earthlike planet in our solar system, the understanding of what venus has on its planet, and the challenges that we have on earth should not be limited by dangers, but it should make our imagination and innovation meet biggers standards. i know for sure that if i had the opprotunity to find out more information that could help us in this world but it was dangerous i would find a way to still do it or something i can do to help make it safer for others to do.