have you ever been in class and started to get bored with an assignment? well the new f.a.c.s facial action coding system may be able to help. the f.a.c.s sytem is able to tell how you are feeling by reading the muscles in your face. the f.a.c.s system atrificially makes a d model of your face with all  muscles. those muscles are what help control your facial features for example, smiling, frowning and scowling. the f.a.c.s system is able to decode what muscles are being used to show how you are feeling. the argument about having f.a.c.s in our school systems today is that it is constantly reading our childrens faces without them knowing. people say this is an invasion of privacy for example if a child is at home and has left their computer out when they went to go to the restroom and a parent walks up and looks at the screen it could have some teachers thinking that the students parent is doing the work for them. i say this argument is invalid because a lot of people dont know that google has a system in place similar to f.a.c.s where it will listen in on what people are saying and show advertisements that correnspond with that. another thing google does that is similar to f.a.c.s is that when you are browsing it will track what you click on and then provide advertisements for those things as well. another example of things tracking us without knowing is that theyre reports that the fbi has monitored people through their webcams if they are under suspect. with this knowledge what is the odds a hacker or someone with computer knowledge has not done this to other people as well? this is why i say the argument is invalid for f.a.c.s not to be in our school systems today. the other side of this argument that i can support is that sometimes our kids are having bad days and with f.a.c.s monitoring them it causes them to get advertisements that make their days even worse. this could possibly cause our kids to not want to use the internet that has helped them so much and is a facle point in most schools today. another reason why f.a.c.s might be bad for schools is that it can teach our kids how to fake an emotion to be able to hide something from us or be able to cheat the system and be able to get what they want. this is some of the reasons why f.a.c.s might be bad in our school systems. being bored in school can come easy at times, so the f.a.c.s system may be able to help your kid one day by making their day better. by being able to moniter the facial expressions our children have. hopefully one day f.a.c.s can be used for crimes, mysteries, and even enjoymentbut for now it is a good sytem that is helpful for few but the help it provides is great.