this new technology could be used to figure out anyones true expression. in the article, the author eplains how a computer could tell that mona lisa has different moods. this new technology is valuable because it could help further learning, introduce new technology, and make a interesting subject. first of all, the article explains that mona lisa is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. its crazy how a computer can configure that. if this is brought into classrooms, this could be a gamebreaker. this is a plus for kids that may not have access to computers at home, to give them technology at school. in paragraph , dr. huang says people show different degrees of expressions. he says a computer uses video imagery can track facial movement. next, this new process may bring in new technology and promote computer use. in paragraph  and , the article states that you can calculate an expression similar to math homework. this wil not only promote the use of technology, but it may get kids to do their homework. if this interests children enough to get them to do their homework, it could promote new classes for them to take. moving on to the next topic, creating new topics. if kids really like to examine peoples expressions, not only will it be amazing but it could create a whole new field of learning. similar to a crime investigator, they could literally investigate someones face to see what their expression is. in paragraph , the article digs deeper into the investigation. it explains that you can tell if a friend is happy or sad, by looking at their facial expression. if this was taken to a new level, we could have profesionals on our hands, just by making a class for it. to conclude the topic, reading a facial expression by using a computer, or just by looking deeper into somones face, could take you far. it could promote further learning and create different classes. you could also introduce technology to kids who may not have the ability. it will not only make new beginings, but it could follow up with new ends by creating new subjects.