humans have been trying each further from earth for years. nasa are first ones to fly a rocketship on to the moon. almost everyone on earth wacth the rocket launch and then they tune in to wacth the moon landing on their tvs.the author supports his idea about studying venus is a worth pursuit depite the dangers it presents awful agruement. the author in the challenge of exploring venus explains some details about venus like it nickname and why venus got called it.but also explain the many issue of venus, like the fact spacecrafts survived the landing for more than a few hours because the surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit ,and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than our own plant.also point out the fact that one of our best submarine would get crush and liquefy if it was on venus. then he talk about nasas ideas about they could sent someone to venus without them dieing in awful way. one idea would be making a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the venuss landscape. but that proves to be stupid thought because the researchers cannot take samples of rock,gas, or anthing else from a distance therefore not worth the time. nasa also have idea of making simpilifed electronics made of silicon carbide that could last  weeks on venus which is small step up. at authors final paragraph he started talking about striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value. but only by using vague statements that dont mean much.for example if we over come this challenge we will gained insight on the planet itself.personally i belive venus is dead planet void from life ,and just have some stupid rocks ,and killing heat.also his statement about our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expaned to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation is dumb , we surive by not throwing humans into their deaths and waste all our limted recourse like metal,fuel. author supporting ideas to his statement was awful agruement. author explain more how it horrible idea to try going to venus then proving it would be worth it. reading this i hope my way of thinking open your eyes to this authors foolish ideas. while you at stop funding nasa.