imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. it is surprisingly one of the main and major functions of the facial action coding system. knowing when you are upset, angry, or happy, this new technology can change what you are viewing or doing in order to uplift your emotions. with this in mind, the use of the facial action coding system to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. the facial action coding system is valuable in a classroom for a variety of reasons. according to the passage, the text states, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this can help in a classroom because when a student is on a school computer, or any computer in general, this new technology can detect what one is feeling when viewing something inappropiate on the screen. therefore, when the emotion is bad, the screen will automaticaly change to alter what is being seen. the text also states, a classroom could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. with this being said, the facial action coding system can really help students in focusing and engaging more on the lesson. many students become bored or confused when a teacher isnt clearly addressing the subject effectively or in a basic, nonexciting manner, and most of the time the students are too afraid to ask or say anything. however, this new technology can detect the emotions of the students and alter the lesson to appeal to their emotions in a way that they become engaged and focused. in essence, the facial action coding system being allowed to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is quite valuable. it can help avoid students from viewing any inappropiate scenes on their computer screens and help them become more engaged and excited about what they are learning. consequently, students will learn more in classroom where not only their test scores are of great significance, but their emotions as well.