i agree with the use of facs in classrooms this could be a big help, allowing students to learn more and have a better chance at improving in school. this is a good idea because sometimes students are too scared or shy to speak up in class, but with facs a teacher can approach a student and address the problem by just reading the expression on hisher face. facs enables computers to identify human emotions by constructing a d computer model of the face, the model must have all  major muscles and they must move like human muscles. the program classifies six basic emotions, which are hppiness, surprise, anger, digust, fear, and sadness. this idea goes way beyond just reading facial expressions, this could literally change the way humans live their every day life. no one would be confused anymore on what a person is feeing, and people would be able to understand their own mood and others. this passage gives a numerous amount of examples of how this could benfit our world today, in the text it states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. it is also stated in the text, the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive, for video games or video surgery. with facs entering the world their could be plenty of changes, and of course with change, everythng isnt always going to be good, but this creation is showing nothing but great promises to allowing our future to improve. this is why i feel like every one should support facs, this could help the younger generation to imporve in school, and even help out the generation now allowing communication skills nd task to become alot more easy. people would be able to understand how a loved one is feeling or maybe even a coworker, peoples lives could be saved as well, because if someone is facing depression you can be able to read their emotions and ask them whats going on or help in a way, this is why i feel like facs is a good idea and should keep progressing.