in the challenge of exploring venus, the author attempts persauding the audience that its worth exploring venus. the author gives us reasons why venus is dangerous, but also gives reasons as to why itll be a good choice to explore venus. the author convinces us that venus is a worthy planet of being explored, despite its dangers. the author makes it clear that venus is a dangerous planet. theres been numerous spacecrafts thats landed on venus, but no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. venus atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide, and the clouds are made of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the temperature averages over  degrees fahrenheit, unsuitable for humans. the atomospheric pressure is also  times greater than what were used to, which could crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. venus also has the hottest surface temperature. with high pressure and heat, theres no doubt that there are erupting volcanoes, frequent lightning that strikes down, and very powerful earthquakes. the author makes it clear that venus is very dangerous and has extreme living conditions. an average human wouldnt last a day. however, the author continues on and tries to persuade the readers that venus is still a worthy planet of exploring. in paragraph four, the author writes, if our sister planet is so inhosspitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? astronomres are fascinated by venus because it may well have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the author then informs us of nasas possible solution. the solution is to hover over venus. hovering over venus keeps humans out of danger and the atmospheric pressure would be just enough for a human to handle. the author ends the passage with revealing why we really should explore venus  ...venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gianed on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavours. the author convinces us venus is a planet we should explore despite its extreme living conditions. throughout the passage, the author gave us every reason why we shouldnt go, and then ended it with a reason why we should. exploring venus would allow us to gain insight on the planet, and the knowledge from venus could help us explore other areas safely. it would be a gateway for us exploring other dangerous, intimidating areas.