i think the facial action coding system is valuable . it is valuable because we ourselves sometimes need help when telling if someone is upset , mad, happy, sad, etc. i understand that the computer might not be so helpful at times when trying to figure an emotion displayed on someone, but overall i think the facial action coding system is needed and therefore valuable. i understand that the computers might be helpful in classrooms . it can be helpful in classrooms because, if a teacher is teaching something and a student does not understand the lesson the computer can let the teacher know that the student does not understand what is going on or comprehend it . the computer can also let the teacher know if all of the students actually understand the lesson. i think by letting the teacher know that students are not comprehending it the teacher can address the problem and therefore help the student. by helping the student undersand the lesson it is also helping the student get better grades . the computer also lets others know that something could be wrong with someone by telling someone else that , that person is sad,worried, or angry. it could possibly aslo detect if someone is depressed and needs help. but if the facial action coding system did not exist that person might not be able to get the help they need . the computer is helping someone in need of help. and if it didnt exist that person could be putting on a fake smile even though they are depressed and need help therefore they could also never get the help they need . i can understand why some people would not want to use these computers because they dont think a computer should tell us how someone is feeling. i think that certain people can detect if something is wrong with someone or if that person is confused , or worried, or upset. but it also wouldnt hurt to make sure and double check that , that person is telling the truth and is not hiding something important . overall i think that the facial action coding system is useful , helpful, and valuable.