computers can do many things beneficial in the classroom, but having a computer read a students emotions is debatable. i believe a computer able to read emotions on a students face is essential in a learning environment. some teachers arent adept at reading a students emotions, or are completely blind to it. dr. huang predicted that a class room computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, which is a necessary reading to gain a full learning experience. in a classroom setting, a teacher must monitor  to  students in a single period. there is a high chance that a few of these students may not understand something, and refuse to ask about it in fear of being laughed at, or disrupting the class. if a computer in the classroom could read the faces of every student and display the emotions to a teacher, it could let them know what students do and do not understand, and help them determine what they should review. also, if a computer could read emotions, it could determine if a student is bored. if the majority of a class is bored, it could suggest to the teacher that they may need to change their teaching habit. a student who is engaged is more likely to understand and do better in class. also, some students have issues at home. some students do fake a smile daily, and sometimes, its good enough to fool anyone besides a professional. in our state alone, the suicide rates are high, and it could protect them as well. the article also says that dr. huang suggested that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so it is an essential part in understanding how someone feels. if a student is upset or distraught, it may make it harder for them to participate in class. a teacher could then pull the student aside and talk to them about how theyre feeling. especially in those with depression, they are able to have many skills, even more than an ordinary person. however, those with depression do not see themselves able to use those skills from a sense of defeat. talking does help them to an extent, so in a depressed student, if their mood improves, they will be able to use their skills in the classroom to the fullest extent with everyone else. if expressing emotions can produce the emotion, it can also make a student feel better as well. in the article, it suggests that moving facial muscles doesnt simply express emotions, but it can produce them as well. in theory, someone who is smiling can make someone actually feel happy, too. this could increase atmospheres in school and allow everyone to feel safe if they have a problem. it could resolve fighting in schools as well, if emotions are explained. sometimes words arent enough to convey how were feeling. most fighting and the feeling of uneasiness comes from poorly conveyed emotions by words. the standard student cant read others emotions aside from basic emotions, such as happiness or sadness. ultimately, i genuinely believe that computers in the classroom that could actually read the students emotion is extremely valuable. it could create a better atmosphere in school systems when they get the help they require, and test scores in the school could improve as well. students could actually be reviewed with if they do not understand, simply by the look on their face. it saves the socially anxious students, or the introverted students, when they dont understand something. instead of asking and being embarassed, then unable to concentrate due to the embarassment, it could be read on their face, and they can be reviewed with later. every student deserves a good education, regardless of who they are. and with a computer that could recognize emotions, i believe it is more possible for everyone to receive a more equal, and superior, education.