do you think aliens exist? the face on mars was not created by aliens, but by the natural forming of the planet. these examples will show how the face on mars came to be. the face on mars was just a natural occurence and not a cover up from aliens. the first example is there are other little landforms right by the face. this exampl means that the face was just another landform and that maybe things formed just right to look semiclose to a human face. the second example is that as cameras got better it started looking less and less like a face. this example states that as cameras got better resolutions they actually found out it was just a mesa. the final example is when they were looking at the face there were misty clouds in the way. this example shows that the clouds could have interfered with the picture causing shadows to hover over the face at just the right angle to give the face a more human look. finally, these examples show how the face was just a natural occuring landform and not a humanlike face. if aliens in fact did make the face then why does it look more like a natural occuring landform then a face. first example is the aliens couldnt have built a mass structure that is about  miles long and wide without building anything else. this example shows that the aliens would have had to leave other structures alike there too. the next example is if the aliens did make the structure they would have had to leave footprints or building materials behind. this example shows that the aliens would have had to leave something behind just like we do at construction sites today. the last example is how could have the aliens built such a large structure in such harsh conditons. this example tells that the aliens couldnt have built in under very cold conditons at night and under barely any atomsphere to breath in. lastly, these examples show that aliens couldnt have built a structure like that on mars even if it was a face. the structure was just a landform on mars all this time. the first example is if it was a face it wouldve been hidden by nasa. this means that if it was indeed a face nasa would have hidden it from the public and studied it greatly. the next example is that again, if it was a face nasa wouldve greatly beneifited from the discovery. this example shows that nasa wouldnt have shown the public if there had been signs of extra terristrial activity. finally the last example is that aliens did not make this structure because it wouldve been an actual alien momument. this example tells that if there was evidence of life nasa claimed that they would know. thus, these examples show of no alien life on mars. the conspiracy theorsists might think that nasa is hiding something, but they are wrong because it would have beneifited nasa from hiding it. so all this time people have thought it was a face on mars, they were wrong because pictures have shown of no humane signs on the landform thanks to better technology. so do you still think aliens exist?