the face on mars do you think the face on mars was created by aliens? i dont, and im going to tell you why the face on mars was not created by aliens. theres not enough evidence to prove that aliens exist. conspiracy theorists just want something to obsess about! the face on mars was not created by aliens. a few days after the face appeared, nasa unveiled the image for all to see. it also had a caption saying huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giveing it the illusion of eyes, a nose, and a mouth. the authors said it was a good way to engage the public and attract attension to mars.they also stated that it looked like the head of an egyptian pharoh. since they unveiled the image, the face on mars has become a pop icon. its even been stared in a holywood film, its appeared in books, in magazines, on radio talk shows, and in haunted grocery store cheakout lines for a while! some people even think the face is evidence of life on mars, they say its evidence that nasa woulike to be kept a secret, said conspiracy theorists. all while people who defence the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. a few scientists even thought it was an alien artifact. capturing photos of cydonia had become a priority for nasa when the mgs arrived at the red planet in september, , eighteen long years after the viking missions had ended! jim garvin, cheif scientist for nasas mars exploration program stated we felt this was important to taxpayers. we photographed the face as soon as we could get a good shot at it. on april , , a cloudless day in cydonia, mgs drew close enough for a seond look. we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the feild of view, said garvin, malins team captured an extordinary photo useing the cameras abseloute maximum resolution. what they captured was a rock formation. so, as i have concluded, the face on mars was a rock formation with shadows makeing the illusion of eyes, nose, and a mouth as i stated earlier. so basically, the face was an illusion of a face, but in reality, it was just a gigantic rock formation with shadows, but i could see how conspiracy theorists would get the idea of aliens.