the use of facs should not be prohibited on the use of just students. it can not just be experienced on students. adults have their own facial expressions that could be test to. the students have to be able to talk to someone about their mode not by a machine. that could be wrong and probably cause probelms. facs in other words is the facial action coding system which detects facial movements. there are  basic emotions it detects.they are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. facs is a d model that tracks facial movements. the model stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. the model uses algorithms to now the your ficial expressions. the facs is being use for students to know how they feel. to know if they are saying the truth. which is should not be used because some kids just do not want other people bothering when they have probelms. in other cases, kids are to scared to confront an adult with their worries, problems, or troubles. certain kids prefer to be left alone however, students should not feel alone. they need people to communicate however the kids now they are just rude or do not feel like having a relationship with any human they just want to be left alone. the kids instead should have a friend to talk to that could comprehend how they are feeling in that moment. some kids are not gonna want to make friends, but at least whenever they need some one to talk to they should have that fellow friend or any person. they should also have a relationship with their parents and not with a d model. the computer can have many algorithms but it can never really detect how you are feeling and how long that person could have that feeling. any one could change their feelings in the matter of seconds. having this kind of technology could help everyone out however it can also have its disadvatages. the technology can be expensive. the parts for the machine is also expensive. with all that money that is being for the technolgy it could bring shortage to the anyone who does not have enough money to support their family or just themselves. people could just use a friend to talk to or anyone who is close to them.