you and i both know very well that we love to breath fresh air. going out into the forest and taking a big breath of what is called fresh air. why cant we get that in an everyday life? ill tell you why, because of polution. cars are a ginormous part of polution, so what if we drove less? in vauban, germany they have given up cars almost completely. the streets in vauban are car free. if you want a car, you have to park it at a local park garage for , dollars added onto your house. that isnt even worth paying for. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter. she lives in this town so she knows how it is. giving up a car can reduce stress! boy do some people need to give up cars. americas obeisity count is getting higher and higher by the month. what if we gave up cars? people would have to walk everywhere! thats a good way to get exercise. in passage  it says in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. stores are helping people out so they can walk to get what they need instead of driving. it will be so much less expensive in everyday life if you dont have a car. you wont have to pay for gas, you wont have to pay for car insurance and you wont have to pay for mantanence! you also will not have to pay something crazy like ,, along with a home. if i had to pay that much more money to keep up with a car, i would give it up in an instant. i barely have enough money to support the car alone, there is no way i can pay an extra , dollars! not having a car seems easier and healthier to me! you can walk more, so you get you exercise in everyday. you dont have to spend money on the car, no gas, no insurance and no mantanance! that means you can spend it on important stuff, perhaps on schooling! you also dont have as much stress on your hands. you dont have to worry about stopped traffic because you can just walk, ride a bike, or jog to where ever you have a desire to go. i say we get rid of cars all together in the united states of america.