it is a lot of peoples dream to have cars that do not require the passenger to operate the vehicle, but at the same time the vehicle operate exactly how it should if not better than if a human were driving. in my opinion, it is a bad idea for this to happen. if there is a problem, and there is an accident, who is to blame? would the person in the car? or the manufacturer? also america, and eventualy the world, is losing an experience that is almost everywhere, and has been for a long time now. humanity will come one more step closer to being dependant on the technology around them. driverless cars are a bad idea. i have spent a portion of my life learning about how the car were made. we learned about it in history class how and when the very first car was made and how the car has evolved over time. if we upgrade the car to where it doesnt require human interaction to drive it, then slowly humanity will forget the nessesity of driving. we will be dependent on our technology to work for us. we will become lazy as a people. as the cars get smarter, we get dumber. car accidents happen all the time, some more severly than others. if there is an accident and a driverless car was the cause, who is the blame? is it the manufacturer? is it the driver? who would be at fault?! the driver wasnt driving, he was just in the car, he had no control. so if something happened to the machinery does it mean that the manufacturer is at stake? are all self driving cars unsafe for all those who use them? to me this is a very scary situation, a situation where humans no longer have any control. there are lots of benefits to self driving cars, true, but the negative side of this is far worse than the postive. we cant become lazy. we cant be dependent of something that may not always be therefor us. we cant put ourselves in that situation. if there are accidents then who is at fault? could you get blamed for something you didnt do? something you would stop if you could, but didnt know how? a driverless car is something i do not need.