facss or facial action coding should be allowed to read the emotional expressions of students in the classrom and it would be valuable. having facial action coding could help to allow a teacher to see when a student may be bored or is confused and simply needs some help. prof. thomas huang of the beckman institute, and also prof. nicu sebe of the university of amesterdam have been working together to create and improve facial action coding for it would be extremely valuable for our classrooms. having facial action coding would help teachers be able to see all how the class is feeling and making sure they feel energized and happy in their working enviornment,yet also allows the teacher to see when a student needs helpa classrom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,. in addition because of the facial actions coding capabilities to detect these emotions it could also modify a lesson to be more fit for any certain studentthen it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. evidently having facial action coding software in classrooms would be an extremely valuable thing, and although the opposing side may say that children shouldnt have their emotions read that its their personal buisness, it turns out most communication happens to be nonverbal anywaysmost human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. facial action coding system is an abosolute leap in technology advancements, for its ability to detect and analyze facial musclar movements. it would be extremely valuable for our modern day classrooms. contrary to a common belief that it is wrong to read the emotions or expressions of younger kids just to make sure they are going to be paying attention in class it turns out we already do that as humans in fact we humans perform this same impressive calculation everyday. for instance, you can probably tell how. friend is feeling simply by the the look on her face. evidently if we are already doing this naturally as humans furthermore it wouldnt develoup conflict. overall having facial action coding in our modern day classrooms would be very valuable and they would be beneficial for their capabilities to detect what a student is paying attention to the teacer or lesson in class, and also be able to modify class lesson to better them for the students, and finally for their ability to analyze the facial muscular movement.