the author supports the idea of studying venus, despite the dangers it presents, extremely well in this article. he uses both good and bad features to portray the idea that venus is a place where one day humans will be able to study its exquisite qualities. the article as a whole, relays many strong facts and opinions as to why one should want rearchers to further study venus. in each paragraph, the author gives an argument as to why researches should strive to explore the planet in depth. for example, the author says,often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet in termos of density and size, occasionally the closest in distance too. paragraph  as one reads this sentence they begin to compare venus to earth. this gives the idea that venus is an interesting and diverse place with many complex attractions to discover, as one would think of earth. however, the author will follow up with a counter argument, such as, numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. the author uses this technique of adding in a counter argument to allow the reader to see that the author also understands that venus is not an easy planet to study up close. another tactic the author uses to persuade the reader that the planet is worth pursuing, is the explanation of their possible future plans to explore it. the author provides the reader with many detailed descriptions on their ideas. he says, just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. paragraph  not only does this sentence explain what nasa plans to one day achieve, it once again compairs an earth expample to something on venus. this allows the reader to feel as if they understand what nasa is willing to do to study this planet and provides them with a reason as to why they should think the same. lastly, the author explains how their methods of exploring the planet in the future will not only succeed in finding many new discoveries, but will be using older technology that uses no electricity. the author then goes to say, the thought of computers exsisiting in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. paragraph  as one reads about the use of mechanical computers they can recieve a better comprehension of the challenges nasa is attempting to face to study this planet in more detail. as one reads through this article, they are persuaded into believing that venus is a planet worth exploring and trying to find discoveries on due to its close relation to earth, nasas perserverance to create a way to study it, and the many amazing things it has to offer. the author supports the idea of venus being worthy of pursuit despite the dangers it presents very well.