in the story, a cowboy who rode the waves, luke is a boy from a small town and is a cowboy that is almost  years old. his friend convenced him to go and help the peolpe across seas that are injured from world war ll. he decided to go and help. when he was on his first trip to go to help he turned  and was supposte to go into the army but they said to keep helping, and that would be his serivce time. luke has a good idea to help spread the word. he should try to convince people to go and help people that got hurt in world war ll. he should start by telling a lot of people about the seagoing cowboys program. lso, he should tell people what they do. next, he should make posters to show people that the seagoing cowboys extict. then, he should say where they going and how they are seeing all of the different historial places along the way. finally, he should tell the people what the program offers and how they visit many unique places. some reasons to join the seagoing cowboy programs are, that you get to take care of animals when you are going across the ocean. also, you get to help people that need to things that you are bring to them. a lot of things were lost in world war ll. so, you can help give back from the people that we took stuff away from. also, you see a lot of different cultures. you would get to see the way that people live. then, when you are over there you can see what the countrys culture is. like, when you are in china you can see all of the stuff that they make over there. you might even see some of the places that were attacked. when you go different place, you get to see different things that you may of never seen before. when you are over seas you can see many interseting things. that is one reason that you should join the seagoing cowboys program. another reason that you should join the seagoing cowboys program is that once you drop off all of the animals and help the people you have one or two months with open animal cages. on the way back you can play games like, you can wrestle, have tabletennis tournaments, you can fence, and you can box. there are many other game that you could play. so there is another reason that you should join the seagoing cowboys program. overall, you should join the seagoing cowboys program and help out with all kinds of jobs over seas.