the author supports his idea by describing venus in a very well way. in the text the author tell us about venus and he tell us about how venus could be, he also says that venus could be just like earth. venus is the most dangerous planet because it has very high temperatures, is the hosttest planet but this planet is important at the same time because is our planet sister. what this means is that venus and earth look alike but venus a more dangerous and it has differences too. one reason why venus is dangerous is because is the hottest planet. in the firts paragraph the author says how bright venus is, he says that is bright because is closets to the sun, and that it also has a nickname. in the text he says  venus sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points in the night sky. this shows us that he is telling how bright venus is. the author also says that venus is actually a planet. in the text it says  in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun. this show us that venus is a planet, and also how he descibe venus. another reason why on how the author describes venus is that venus looks just like earth. in the second paragraph the author says venus is often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionlly the closest in distance too. this show us how the author is comparing venus to earth and also how he describe venus in a very well way. venus is a danger because is the closest planets to the sun which means that is very hot and it can burned, and damage person very in a bad way or a person could die because of how hot is venus. in the text the author says  since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spacecraft has touched down on venus in more than three decades. this show us that venus is a hard planet to study because of how hot it is the planet. in conclusion, venus has almost  percent of carbon dioxide and it has clouds of corrosive acid in the atmosphere. in the text it says  a trick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus, even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. this show the danger that is in venus planet. venus was a very high temperatures. in the text it says  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greather than what we experience on our own planets. this is show us that a human wouldnt be able to survive in venus because of the high temperatures. if it  times greather then the temperature we experience in our planet then i cannot imagine a human, it would literally kill the person. venus has the hottest surface of any other planet even tho the closest one to the sun is mercury. venusn is also our sister planet.