i beleive that the use of the facial action coding system to read the emotional expressions of the students in a classroom is valuable and nearly detremental to a student thats learning online. in a classrom with an instructure leacturing, if the student becomes confused, he or she can raise their hand and ask a question. a teacher may even notice when a student is confused by the facial expression they make. though, learning online is an independent task and most of the time, you dont have anyone to truly explain and fill you in on what youre just simply not grasping on to. using this new form of technology can be helpful to not only the student, but the website or app they are learning from. for example, if a student is reading an article, the website owner or app designer will know if most students find the article interesting or are able to see if the article provided is truly at grade level. the facial action coding system could also be used in grade school type settings. there are plenty of websites now for the education of children, like abcmouse.com. the program can possibly give the feedback of the childs emotions and sense of awareness to their parents while using the program. with that, it proves my point that the use of this technology is beneficial to all ages. for instance, in paragraph , the author stated in fact we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. then later gave an example of the ability that we have to tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look or her face. as human beings, this most likely began as an instict in order to tell how one another may react, attack, ect. although now, we are much more than that. some are striving to be heart surgeons or rocket scientists. we need to have the technology to explain the question in a different way if the student doesnt understand. a kid may get a bad grade on something simply because of the way the question was stated. that kid could be a genious but just learns in a differnet way. it wouldnt be fair to only provide questions with the format that only a handful of kids will understand. we should want our youth to thrive, we are the future afterall. in paragraph , the author says if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. showing that the use of this progra is effective in more ways than one. yes, you may get pleasent ads that suit you and your hobbies, but imagine the spike in iq levels if the computers can modify the learning material for the student in the way that he or she may need to understand. just the common use of this program in schools would have a domino like effect on the good outcomes. in conclusion, the use of the facial action coding system could have a large imapct on upcoming society. the positive outcomes would be worth a little extra money, work, and the time it would take to install this coding system. this system will effectivley teach students in ways they need and find interesting.