cars have been used as a main way of transportation for many years. using cars as a way of transportation can have advantages and disadvantages. unfortunately there are more disadvantages to using cars as a way of transportation, than there are advantages. cars are ruining our environment and our society, therefore there should be a limit to car usage. limiting car usage is not a bad thing, there are tons of advantages to limiting car usage. elisabeth rosenthal has stated many advantages to limiting car usage in her articles, in german suburb, life goes on without cars, and the end of car culture. rosenthal states that cars make people tense and without cars people are less tense. when people are less tense they are happier and willing to do more things. rosenthal also says that less cars results in less greenhouse gases. cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gases in europe and  percent of the greenhouse gases in parts of the united states. cars are the second largest source of americas emissions, therefore if cars are limitied the emissions will decrease. another author, robert duffer, also states advantages to limiting car usage in his article, paris bans driving due to smog. duffer states that limiting car usage will lower the amount of air pollution. paris decided to fine people on certain days if they were driving with a certain license plate number. fining people for driving their cars enforced people to stop driving on certain days to lower the amount of car traffic. a result to pariss new law was that congestion decreased  percent after the new law was enforced. five days before paris enforced their law, paris suffered intensifying fog, therefore, the new law in paris proves that cars are increasing the amount of air pollution. a final author that has stated advantages to limiting car usage is andrew selsky in his article, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. andrew selsky describes in his article a day in bogota that has been designated to be car free. every year bogota has one day that they ban cars and only allow buses and taxis as a way of transportation and all violaters are fined . bogotas plan is that limiting transportation will reduce smog and encourage people to find a new way of transportation. selky describes that one participant in the carfree day stated that the day lowered air pollution and helped take away stress. the carfree day has also helped bogota improve their sidewalks, bicycle paths, and, most importantly, their city. overall, limiting car usage will have numerous amounts of advantages both, for the environment, and for the citizens. the most beneficial advantage to limiting car usage is less air pollution, smog, and greenhouse gases. rosenthal, duffer, and selsky all mentioned in their articles that less car usage will result in a better air to breathe. the second largest advantage to less car usage is that people can be happier and less tense. both rosenthal and selsky state examples of people saying that after being forced to stop using cars as much, they began to feel less tense and happier. limiting car usage will be very beneficial to citizens and the environment we live in.