the electoral college is a thought that came up long ago by our founding fathers. many people calim that it is antiqiuated and needs to be updated but i dissagree. although we are the democracy of the usa we are really a republic chosing representives to vote for us! this system is much more effective then an atchual democracy. just imagine if on every single issue every single person would have to vote on the outcome to pass anything would take such a long time. including the elections, the electoral college makes a short sweet way for voting, the population votes and then they vote for what we voted for most of the time... some people dont trust the electorates with this kind of power but i belive that those people are just parnoid pessmist and need to learn to have more faith in the people that we elect or the president appoints. the only flaw i see is the even number which calls for a tie. also the winner takes all system should be changes i belive that each of the electorates should only have a certin percentage of the votes example alaska has  electorates, each are assigned .... of the population and of course due to the decimals one electorate will have a bit more votes all the votes are then added.  voted republican while  voted democrat and the remaining  voted for third parties then the first elector would recive the votes of the  and the  and do fill up the rest of his  he would have  republican his vote goes to the democrates but the other two are left with only republicans so there are  votes for republicans and the learger the population the more electors because of the increased ammount of citizens that each elector votes on behalf. this way the indivaduals that voted democrate are shown but did not really make as much an impact but it shows and may decide the out come during a tie. the electoral college is a clean cut way for voting quick effective. although we may not be a democracy per say we are all accounted for, just a few tweaks and itll be perfect.