boom! crash! bang! , whats your emergency? help! weve been in a terrible accident, please get here fast!sirens and horns is what you hear after a terrible car crash. by limiting car usage, we could prevent less car accidentstraffic jams, pollutiongreenhouse gas and we can get more exercise. to begin with, pollution and the greenhouse effect are really bad to the environment. car exhaust and other gases are a big contributor to that. how do we do something to help that people ask? well you can drive less and maybe walk or ride a bike. it will limit so many big issues if you just dont drive as much. source , paragraph  business man, carlos arturo plaza says its a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. you know what he did after he said that? he rode away in a  seater bike with his wife. thats a business man, and even he doesnt have a problem riding his bike to work with his wife. you can do so much to save the earth. you, can make a difference. you dont have to be the hero, but you can sure do your part to help save the day. in comparison, car accidents? they are the absolute worst. it not only affects  car but it could affect  or . maybe even more. limiting car usage could prevnt so many accidents and that means no more hospital visits. source , paragraph  says congestiion was down  in the capital of frnce after  days of intensifying smog. that means that there was  percent less traffic jams and accidets in  days! thats an amazing improvment. i always wished that people couldnt get hurt or that i could save someones life, so that what i will try to do. drive less, or drive only when its needed. dont leve your car running. a big negative is dont speed and watch all around you. you can prevent killing someone, not just that, but you can decrease the amount of accidents that can happen. dont make an asamine choice and drive because you feel like it. help save this earth. its really all we have left. lastly, you can get more exercise. riding a bike and walking is a great source of exercising. everyone always talks about how obeseity is a big problem well this can decrease the amount of body weight you have and you wont put gases into the air. thats  problems solved in . there are so many things you can do to solve this issue and these are only a few. i see a lot of people riding bikes or walking to school. teachers especially which shows you that they arent always asking teenagers or new drivers to do it. dont be the reason the earth is getting worse. be the reason its getting better. in conclusion, pollution is bad and so are accidents. but there is always a soulution to the madness. you yourself can make a change. this earth cant take care of itself, it needs your help, so help it. limiting the usage of your car is a great start. yes, cars are great and they get you from point a to point b and they can warm you up when its cool outside or cool you down when its hot, those are all true statements and thats fine it really is. just limit it and things will start to get a lot better, trust me. it all starts with one person willing to make a change and that person can be you.