presidential election is held every after four years on the first monday of the month november. we decide whos going to be our next leader, the president. electoral college is kind of unfair for some people because they think that whoever got the most popular vote should be president. but to think, what if the people we vote to is not right to be the next president and shehe got that most popular vote? wouldnt that be a disaster? i say we should keep the electoral college. electoral college process in consists of the electors that have been selected by the people. the ones who got selected are the ones with great intelligence and with great sense of leadership. in the first passage it mentioned that the electoral college has a total of  electoras and the majority of electoral votes are required to have  electoral votes. this means that for you to be one of the candidates you atleast have to have  electoral votes and this is a good way of picking our candidates to run for us for president. remember the election between obama and romney? it was close but, not that close. our president, obama got . percent of the electoral vote compared to . percent of the popular votes for him and romeny. almost of every states electoral votes is on a winnertakeall basis. for every slight of pulrality in each of the states, it creates a landslide electoralvote. this means that a tie would be possible because the number  votes is uneven but, its mostly not to happen and this is because of electoral college. electoral college avoids the problem of which didnt receive a majority of the votes. in passage three it gave an example about how nixon in  and clinton in  both had  percent only in pluraity of the popular votes and the winning number of the electoral college is  and  electoral votes. because of electoral college the pressure that happens in electing the next president to lead us for four years is reduced and it also tells us which is the winner of the election. if we elect our president using popular votes it migh be a disaster. because not all of the candidates are that great of leading the whole country and if heshe got selected to be our next leader for the next four years our country would be in a huge chaos. i slightly agree with electing that person and making himher the next president because they got the most popular votes but, then again i dont think its the right way of picking our new leader.