in america, cars are concidered an important necessity to life. cars get people from one place to another in a significantly shorter amount of time than walking from place to place. cars, however, arent as beneficial as they may seem. motorized vehicles are harmful to the environment and ourselves because they release an immense amount of greenhouse gases and force other countries around the world to ban the use of cars to restrict smog. firstly, the amount of greenhouse gases released in the united states alone is relatively high compared to more suburban countries. in some large u.s. cities, cars produce approximately  of the total greenhouse gases, according to in german suburb, life goes on without cars. that percent is extremely high compared to europe where cars produce only about  of the greenhouse gases. beijing, however, is more polluted than the united states and is said to be the most polluted city in the world. france, on the other hand, has made it a law where certain cars are forbidded to drive on certain days. as a result of frances action, congestion decreased by  percent in the capital of paris. if the united states took a step forward to reduce pollution, the air quality would benefit rather than gradually decline. furthermore, other countries around the world have made an effort to reduce pollution. in bogota, colombia, there is one day a year where cars are banned with only buses and taxis permitted. the day called day without cars is promoting alternative transportation and is reducing smog. vauban, france, for example, is a suburban city where cars are forbidden. ownership is allowed, however, there are only two places to park and the cost is , just for a space to park. the people in vauban tend to be happier and less tense, according to heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two. paris is a more urban city than vauban but has still made efforts to benefit air quality. motorists with evennumbered license plates were demanded to leave their cars at home on monday. motorists with oddnumbered license plates left their vehicles home on tuesday. congestion decreased by  percent. other countries around the world have put an effort to reduce pollution from motorized vehicles and the results were positive environmentally and mentally. the use of automobiles greatly impacts the environment and society negatively. greenhouse gases pollute the air and driving cars produces mental instability in some cases. other countries such as colombia and france have taken a step to reduce pollution and since the cars in the united states produce  of the greenhouse gases, the u.s. should concider following colombia and frances ideas.