the author of the challenge of venus does an efficient job explaining why venus is worth the exploration pursuit despite the dangers involved. the author effeciently supports this idea by using a number of different ways. one way that the author supports this idea is through facts about venus. in paragraph  of the article it states  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have neen the most earthlike planet in our solar system. after this statement the author goes on to talk about how long ago venus was much like earth and how it may have once been the closest thing to earth itself. this is a good example from the author to support this idea because there is the curiosity about how alike venus once was to earth. this can really fascinate and engage scientists and people who want to learn more, which will make them want to explore venus more and go along with the risks involved. a second way that the author supports this idea is through talking about nasa. in the passage it states in paragraph  that nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to venus. after this statement the passage goes on to talk about how the nasa team is researching and developing new ways and technology to help people on missions to venus survive longer.nasa is one of the most well known space programs ever, almost everyone knows who nasa is. if nasa workers and researchers are putting time and are undergoing development to go even further into investigating venus, other people will see this and think that if nasa is willing to do this , then there is clearly something there that needs to be discovered and have more research done to. one final way that the author supports this idea with venus is through talking about human curiosity. the author is picking out the pros and cons about venus when in paragraph  of the text it says  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors . this is a good use of evidence to help support this idea about venus because it can appeal to people easily. when the author goes onto say that there will likely be other equally intimidating endeavors humans will face, he isnt wrong. people will defienitely understand that there are other things that are also scary in the world to risk, and they know this simply because they are humans living on earth too. this could cause more empathy when it comes to deciding if the choice is worth it or not to continue exploring venus. by using a variation of these three examples of supporting evidence, the author gets a solid argument across the table when it comes to the exploration of venus. the author puts key points when he is stating facts about venus. the author also creates emapthy using the personal experience of people,and the trust we put into our famous space program. by using all three of these things the author effectively gets his point across that the risky exploration of venus is worth the challenges that come along with it.