the use of this technology is not useful because this really wouldnt be a good investment and not helpful in a learning enviornment. people might also find it as an invations of their privacy using it in class. the money can be spend towards a better education system and allowing our schools to get proper funding for what is needed. it wouldnt be helpful due to the fact that there is no real need for this technology when we could spend in other programs. the money that is put into this for detecting emotions out of a straight face, but this can be considered as an invasion of privacy. this really isnt useful much due to the fact that it will try and read your thoughts practically. even though it would be fun to see what someones mood is on a straight face, it be more of a burdon to have and wouldnt serve a major purpose in the learning enviornment. the only real reason to use it is if you were to test to see if someone was lying about a topic. the money to invest into these machines would be costly and hard to afford for the schools that would need to buy it. this would cause the fundings for supplies maintence and learning programs to go down and would be difficult to run the school properly. this wouldnt be effective having it in the classrooms because of the software and the risk of kids possibly messing it up cause the school to fix or replace the machine. schools already are getting budget cuts from the government so they have to ration and shorten supply due to money cost. these new machines would take up too much of the school budget. the counter claim it that these new tools can be used to help aid with children and behavior, and allow students to be more honest with one another. this can also help the teacher see if one student is hiding something. the teacher can use the information from the software and help dicipline the students if need be. teachers can also see if students are cheating or are lying to them and can be able to organize the class with its help. these can be good but this new machine can invade on personal privacy and wll not help much other than dicipline. the main thing to see is that this machine can be useful in some categories but wil not be of much benefit. this technology wouldnt be useful due to the fact that this sytem would cost more and would be invasive on the children. the schools would be more better off focusing on supplies and equipment to further imporve the school and learning.