cars. trucks. motocycles. all these forms of transportation are drastically poluting the air due to the release of gas emission from the tailpipes. some may say its easier to get around with a car handy. others believe too many people are centered on a car. cities should become denser for the public in order to transport and reduce gas emission at the same time. up to  of car intensive areas are poluted in the united states as well as  in europe. drivning isnt the only way to get around. in vauban, germany some in the communtity have taken the pledge to give up thier cars and go green. in result to doing this, locations like garages are generally not used to hold a four wheel vehicle anymore. instead this car free area is encouraging those to join the  of vaubans population to say goodbye to the waste product. in addition to a car free zone comes smart planning. this is the practice of seperating the suburban life from auto use. in other words, creating a more condenced community will ensure more walkers instead of drivers. similar to both the us and germany, many areas have committed to giving up the cars. in paris, pollution had gotten so bad they almost hit a record! depending on the even or odd number license plate along with the day that came with it, people were ordered to leave their car andor motor vehicle home or pay a euro fine. pollution was down  in france after the period of time enforcing the rule. in bogota, colombia most chose to walk, bike, skate, or take a bus to get around, leaving the city barren of any to no vehicles. with a capital of  million a goal was reached reducing smog throughout the city. violators paid the price of  fines. other research may suggest that leaving the cars home decreases some ability to get around at a decent time or may even cost just as expensive. having somewhere to be and knowing you have to be their can be a haslte prioritizing your time. you have to calculate when you leave from both your home and the destination. those who live in big cities will struggle even more from time to time. if cars on the street are limitted to taxis then the cost to get to a location will be as similar to that of a gas bill. not only that but areas will require more taxi services to fill those needs of the people. vehicles, the deathly poison of the human race, will continue to pollute the area unless something is done. many areas have taken the step to create more suitible living conditions of the human race. globally, we are reducing the exposure of gas emission everywhere. continuing this will ensure a heallthy present and furture for years to come.