in the article making mona lisa smile the author nick dalto starts off by explaining how the picture shows that shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. after telling us this the author proceides by telling us how the emotions were recognized by a computer softwhere. reading emotions can be tricky. but for a computer its different. the idea of basically reading mona lisas mind and figuring out her emotion is somewhat confusing because the mona lisa is just a painting and there is no way to know if the facial action system is correct because the painting cant actually tell us how it feels. in the artical it states that you can probaly tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. we dont need a computer to read students emotinal expressions because it is easy to tell how a student is feeling by how their face expresion is at the time or their attitude. even though this would be a great idea to put in classrooms it would also be conserning for the students because some students dont want people knowing how they feel because it might embarious them. but at the same time it would be good for techers because to learn you have to want to learn and if your in a not so good mood then you wont want to learn and with the facial action coding system the teacher can see if the student wants to learn or not. the mona lisa demonstration is very intresting and it shows what all a computer can do. it is very amaizing how far the tech has came. also it is crazy how a computer can know when you are happy or sad. there is a lot of good things to this subject and also a lot of bad things that come with it. an example of a bad thing is if someone dosent want you to know how they are feeling and they could get mad at you. a example of a good reason to see peoples emotion who seem suspious and up to no good. in concluision i think that it would be a great idea to bring the facian action coding system into schools because of the fact of seeing the emotions of students that arnt learing or working to the best they can be. another reason is to help inprove those students and see who needs help or needs someone to talk to because they could maybe be going through a hard time but no one knows and the only thing that could figure is out is the computer software.