i agree that the use of this technology to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is convienent for these apparent reasons calculating our emotions ,computer software can recgonize your emotions , and technology can make computer animated faces more expressive . first off ,calculating our emotions is pretty awesome . think of this as a good thing . for instance, dr.pual eckman has classified six basic emotions such ashappiness,surprise ,anger,disgust,fear and sadness.each one of us has experienced these emotions before just by the way our faces look and our feelings. in the text it says for instance , you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on hisher face .like mona lisa ,learnardo da vince painted a picture of mona lisa smiling . dr.haung observes that the painting can help paint facial muscles precisely enought to convey specific emotions. did you know it is actually good to calculate your emotions ? yes believe it or not studies show calculating your emotions is actually good that way you can keep track by the way you feel and its good for your mental health . especially for students now a days . our emotions and feelings change multiple of times . next, computer software can recogonize your emotions . youre sitting down in front of a computer and by the way your facial expression is it can automatically tell how you feel . dr.huang new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code thats pretty cool . its like a teacher teaching , when a teacher has got done teaching something and heher looks at his students the teacher can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored . furthermore, technology can make computer animated faces more expressive .the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model on the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles this is called action unit. how satisfying right ? you can even study for that .students in a classroom can learn how to do all those type of things . in conclusion , i agree that the use of technology to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is convenient for these apparent reasonscalculating our emotions ,computer software can recogonize your emotions,and technology can make computer animated faces more expressive .