the challenge of exploring venus is about suggest to stuyding venus is worthy pursuit but its danger. over the play of the article develop from being danger to studying to its worth it. in the beginning author suggest that studying venus is danger. the text stated on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenhenit, and the atmospheric pressure is  time greater than what we experience on our own planet. this quotation show that studying venus is danger. the temperature in the venus is twice bigger than our planet. the condition are far extreme than anything human encounter on earth. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. it hard for us to studying because its impossible to land human in venus. in the middle of the aritcle they wanted to send human to study venus.the text stated the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularly compellin gidea for sending human to study venus. this quotation show that they wanting to send human to venus to study. they know its hard decision to make because the temperatures in venus would still be toast at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that dea level on earth. they wanting to send humna to study but they also caring about their safety. ts not easy condition but survivable for humans. in the end of the aritcle they wanting to approaches to studying venus. the text stated many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus this quotation show that they wanting to approach venus. they creae machine that will help them find out more venus. the scienctist think is worth studying venus even though it can be hard. in this article of the challenge of exploring venus is about how the author suggest studying venus is danger but its also worth it. the aritcle basically telling you all about the idea of how they wanting to approcahes venus and what they create it for their safety.