as we enter a world where humans want to depend on technology for everything, even the simplest of tasks, the idea of driverless cars is introduced. what sounds like a great idea now, doesnt have as much potential when looked in to. while these driverless cars are envisioned to use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibilty than a bus, there are still some aspects that dont make the cars completely driverless. before driverless cars make their huge impact on the world, some of the minor details need to be further developed. how often do you hear of people calling for transportation services, such as taxis or ubers, because they arent in a state of mind and being good enough to be able to operate a motorized vehicle? if taxi systems were to be replaced with driverless cars, who would drive those people home? a major flaw in the driverless cars is that they might require human assistance sometime throughout the trip. if there were to be a spontaneous accident, or large work zone ahead while the only human in the car was intoxicated, that would pose a lot of danger for that driver and every other driver around. the safety of other drivers on the road has to be taken into consideration. making cars driverless means no one would be completely in control of the vehicle. keeping that in mind, in the case of an accident, who would be to blame? the driver could be at fault, but then how really driverindependent are these cars? with the possibility that the car will more than likely need human assistance, the driver themselves is only slightly benefited. just because driverless cars are assumed as completely driverless, an actual human capable of thinking and doing for the car is indeed necessary. where im sure there are certain groups of people that will benefit from being able to get from point a to point b without having to think anything of it, theres still that larger population that will find almost no practicality in watching their vehicle drive itself when they are capable of doing it themselves. aside from the safety features that comes with a car having a mind of its own almost, i think were better off without this technological advancement.