i believe that the integration of driverless cars into the currentday road system would only pose a threat to the majority of drivers. incorporating a new form of transportation into a preexisting form would only complicate the roads more than before. cars have been around for roughly  years and society has adapted to this certain form of transportation that is used worldwide. although driverless cars seems very advanced and the engineering involved in their production is beyond my imagination, driverless cars will have a negative effect on the currentday road system. being a teenager, i am approaching a new level of responsibility and encountering a world very foreign to me, driving. having the ability to drive brings a whole new world of responsibility to teens all over the united states. although there are many teen fatalities due to driving, i believe that driverless cars will not thoroughly incorporate the new level of responsibility that teens have as they approach legal driving age. another aspect of my argument pertains to the current driving and road laws. the reading states that a majority of the driving laws are focused on keeping drivers and their passengers aware that safety is achieved through alertness. traffic laws are formed based on the idea that human drivers are in control at all times. integrated driverless cars will interfere with the traffic and road laws that are in place today. if driverless cars became the popular form of transportation, would new traffic laws be incorporated to adjust to the new form transportation? or since driverless cars are operated by computers, would there be the need for traffic laws at all? although driverless cars could bring a very efficient form of transportation, they seem to add too much technology to a longlasting form of transportation. driverless cars will take away the aspect of great responsibility from teens and new drivers as a whole. and driverless cars will only complicate rules, laws, and regulations of our road system that have been in place for decades. ultimately, how much are we as a human race willing to give up to technology?