with all the possiblities that could happen if drivereless were everywhere on the streets, driverless cars are a bad idea for the future. driverless cars are remoted for a computer instead of a human being, human have better judgement calls than a computer. with this being said, human are more aware and experienced to their surroundings. since driverless cars are powered from technology, there is a very high chance that it can malfunction in use, not be aware of a situation of a traffic issue, and if an accident happens, no one is sure who is responsible for it. one reason why driverless cars would have a negative impact on daily life is malfunctioning. driverless cars are powered through technology and technology is not perfect. there is always a chance of malfunction. for example, a driverless car couldnt monuever through a work zone correctly or if there is a traffic stop or issue on the road. because of this, this could cause more issues for the driver inside the car. another reason for why driverless cars are a bad idea is because of lawslaw enforcement. one of the main purposes of the driverless car is to avoid accidents in traffic. with driveless cars being on the street driving themselves mostly, this would mean that there would be new state laws enforced on driveless. since this idea is new to our generation and is developing, laws will constantly change to make sure the driver is safe and is drivingwatching with caution. if a driver is in the driverless car and the car gets into an accident, who is in the fault? the driver or the car? also individuals could argue their case of that the car caused an accident instead of them. if this were to happen, car manufacturers could be penalized from many different cases. last reason why driverless cars are a bad idea for the future is because of characteristics and human judgement. companies can say the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimc the skill of a human at the wheel. but the vehicle is not human at all. the vehicle is operating off of sensors and a gps to locate where it is going. in life, a human has better judgement on how to solve a real life situation than a computer. an experienced human driver can read a road sign and operate a vehicle from what the sign warns them of whats ahead. a computersensor can not do that. also human driver knows what to do if their is an emergency like if they need to pull over off the road or take a detour. a computersensor can not do that. in conclusion, driverless cars would have a negative impact on the future of humans. there is always a chance of malfunction. also new laws will be added and changed constantly. another reason is for liability in the case of accident because no one will be sure for who should be held accountable.