the idea of cars that drive themselves have been depicted in childrens books, movies, and television shows. driverless cars have always been seen as a thing of the future however, we are currently living in that future. car manufacturers are now teaming up with google to create ways to make cars that require very little human control. though it may sound innovative and convenient, there are many disadvantages to these new futuristic cars, making them unnecessary. the first con to manufacturing these cars, is that they are extremely expensive. the amount of sensors, radars, and cameras that would be put into these cars are not cheap or costeffective. the money that would be put in to this project would have better use going to some type of charity instead. investing the time and money this type of idea needs, could lead to another project, possibly more beneficial than driverless cars, being neglected. a major problem, that even car makers foresee, is the complication an accident would cause. if there is a collision, and someone is injured andor killed while the semiautonomous car is in motion, but the vehicle does not signal the driver to take control, it would be great controversy over who is to blame for the accident. if fault was to be placed on manufacturers, drivers would be inclined to drive more carelessly than they do today because they would have someone to place blame on and walk away without consequence. new laws would have to be made to ensure the safety of the drivers of these cars, and those around them. the making of these cars also contributes to the laziness and dependence of technology in todays society. americans have been labeled lackadaisical and the fact that more and more inventions are being made to accommodate our laziness is becoming a growing problem. a simple task such as driving a car is now being handed over to an inanimate object. driverless cars are a bad idea and should be left to be seen on television, and in books or movies. the risk factors and societal damage these cars would cause, greatly reigns over the benefits car manufacturers think the cars have.