who would want a driverless car that will still need a driver? these so called driverless cars can be very harmful to anybody in the car. for one, the technology could fail, the driver would still have to pay attention as if they were dirving, and the car doesnt take care of all the gears or know all the new routes or old ones that have been shut down. so a driverless car sound like a good idea doesnt it. it probably is, but lets not forget about all of the faults that could take place. the car could have technology difficuly and could just flip for all we know. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? now, does that sound like a risk to take? if someone is injured you could be at risk of getting in trouble. the article says if the technology fails which does not sound like someone who is sure of what they are doing. think about this. get this, the driverless car will still need a driver. for everyone who was thinking about getting one of these cars, think again. as stated in the article, this means the driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. isnt the good in a driverless car the fact that you would not have to drive it? this does not give you that option. why not just stick with ubering where you dont actaully have to pay attention the driver does that for you. what a great idea, a car that is driverless, needs a driver remaining alert. these cars do not take care of all the gears. they only take care of the steering, acceleration, and braking. the driver will have to stay alert and take care of the roads that are being worked on and around accidents. why not just stick with normal driving then? these new cars are nothing good. it will take all the fun out of driving and your freedom. okay, have to give props to the founders of the driverless car. it is a good idea, but also we have to keep in mind of all the faults it can and will have. the car is not actaully driverless, a driver will still have to be present and paying attention, the technology could fail, and the cars do not even take care of all the gears. these cars are mostly ran off of sensor and motion, so what happens if someone accidentally touches something they were not supposed to. crash right there. just think this over and make the right choice that driverless cars are no good for us.