lukes participaition in the seagoing cowboys program made him want to be apart of that program because he got invited to travel to europe to he help and he wanted to be helpful. i know this because in the text it states,he was working two parttime jobs in a grocery store and a bank when his friend don reist invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat.i also knew why i was why he wanted to go but he probably had a little doubt but couldnt resist the opertunitiy. i know this because in the text it states,he knew it was an oppertunity of a lifetime. it allowed him to experience ad ventures and visit many unique places because when he heard about the seagoing cowboys had to help europe get food and supplies ever since world war . in the text it states,it was ,world war ll was over in europe, and many contries were left in the ruins.the text also states,to help these contries recover their food suplies, animals, and more,  naitions joined together to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitaitin administraition.the text also states,luke signed up.he signed up because he wanted to help and make a different. luke can convince you all to join the seagoing cowboys by telling you all the oppertunities and chances you will get ,and i know you will have a wiled adventure. i know this because in the text it states,the cattletrip were an unbelievable ppertunity for a small town boy,he says. the text also state,besides helping people, i had side benefit seeing europe and china. thats how i know you all would like to join the seagoing cowboysprogram. i know that you would all like adventures and learning about all the unique stuff they do on a boat for  weeks or longer to get across the atlantic to china, to behonest i would probably get sea sick after a while. in the text it states,it took two weeks to cross the the atlantic ocean from the eastern of the united states and a month to get to china.the text also states,they had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. it was very difficult sometimes to be on a boat for about a month because you have to keep everything clean and lift hay and oats on the boats and do all of your jobs all of the time. i know this because in the text it states,bales of hay bags of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship. i also know it was probaly a little difficult because the text also states,stalls had to be cleaned.i could tell that was very hard by the sound of it and how i can picture it happening. i would still say it would be a very cool thing to do.