in the article the challenge of explorng venus the author discusses the earths neighboring planet closest to the sun, venus. the author discusses the possibility of studying the harsh planet and why it is a worthy pursuit to take on despite the dangers that come along with exploring it. he supports this idea of exploring venus by discussing how there is habitable area on venus, presenting ideas that nasa is experimenting with, and giving background information on venus. in the article the author discusses how harsh and inhabitable the landscape of venus is. becuase the atmosphere of venus is  percent carbon dioxide blankets, has clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid, the teperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than the atmospheric pressure of earth, humans could not live on venus, but the author presents how humans could study it. if scientists were to be in a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the rolling venusian landscape they would be in livible conditions of  degrees fahrenheit and an air pressure close to the air pressure at sea level on earth also, solar power would be plentiful and radition would not exceed earth levels. venus may have very harsh conditions but there is an area where scientists would be able to safely study its landscape. another point the author brings up to suport the idea that studying venus is a risk worth taking is that nasa is alreday working on some things that they could try to use to study venus. nasa has been testing simplified electronics made of silicon carbide... in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and they have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. one other project nasa is doing is looking at mechanical computers, an old technology that was first envisioned in the s and played an important role in world war ii. the author explains that mecanical computers, that can be made more resistant to pressure and heat, that can make calculations using gears and levers  unlike, modern computers that are more powerful but tend to be more delicate. these ideas that nasa is working on that the author brings up support the idea of safely exploring venus very well. finally, the author gives the reader a lot of backround information about venus that not only introduces venus but also supports his claim. one thing he brings up is how all the previous missions to venus have been unmanned, mainly becuse no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. he also says that this explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. because there are such harsh conditions on venus no man has been there, but it wasnt always like this. venus was most likely covered with oceas and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth, and even today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth such as, the rocky sediment... valleys, mountains, and craters. venus was once like earth so the discoveries tht could come from studying it are great. in this article, the challeng of exploring venus, the author discusses the planet venus and its harsh conditions that he believes should be studied. he presents many supporting ideas such as how on venus there is a livible area that could be used to study the planet, nasa is already working on inovations that could help push the exploration and study of venus, and that venus used to be very similar to earth. the author supports his idea very well and presents very good examples of why scientists should explore venus in the future.