the innovations in the field of facial recognition and analysis have expanded beyond just identifying someone based on a picture. now, computers with the facial action coding system facs can identify human emotions from facial expressions. this innovation would be a valuable asset if used in a classroom environment due to it making it easier on teachers and helping student actually understand and learn the material. one reason this technology would be valuable in the classroom is the aid it would provide to teachers. facs can recognize when students are confused or bored by analyzing their facial expressions and each action unit, which is movement of one or more facial muscles. no teacher can always recognize when a student is zoned out or confused, which is why employing facs to do it for the teachers would be extremely valuable. one of the primary developers of the technology, dr. huang, says, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. by recognizing boredom or confusion and notifying the teacher, facs helps teachers be able to recognize when their lesson is not being effectively heard by their students. facs also changes the lesson plan when it recognizes that a student is bored or confused, which helps the teacher keep the class engaged and allows them to participate more. thus, facs would be valuable in the classroom due to the help it would give teachers by enhancing their lesson. another reason facs would be valuable in the classroom is that it would tremendously help students actually understand what they are learning. students do not always understand what they are being taught, and even though they might not understand they often do not ask questions to clarify. this means that students are basically just being talked at, with it all just going above their heads. however, when facs recognizes that a student doesnt understand or is bored it ... could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor, says dr. huang. this means that when a student needs help understanding something the computer will cater to each student until it senses that they understand the lesson. this could drastically improve participation and engagement in the classroom by ensuring that each student understands. thus, facs would be valuable in the classroom due to it helping students learn more effectively. through its ability to help both teachers and students, facs would be a valuable asset in the classroom. sitting in classrooms around the world right now are students who do not understand what they are being taught. this could be changed forever with the implementation of facs in the classroom, with a smaller percentage of students failing classes and a higher level of understanding being a direct result from the implementation of facs.