american citizens know that the cars driven throughout america is polluting the air. not just the cars in u.s but cars all around the world. residents on vauban in germany, paris, bogota and even the usa cars are reduced from bieng driven or they had been banned to reduce the pollution from the air. they dont want to turn out like china, which is know as one of the most polluted cities in the word. cars been a very help, but it looks like the end of car culture beacuse less cars that are bieng used less pollution we are causing to the earth, which mean its better of with out them. vauban, a women named heidrun walter said, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. there for one of the advantages of limiting car usage is that losing tense about a car. also in vauban,street parking, driveways and home garages generally are forbidden. that mean it take less space for parking, past two decades there was an effort in making cities denser, and better for walking now they can if they limite the usage of cars. it lower emissions and improves saftey, these are some advantages of limiting car usage. almost , drivers were fine, according to reuters in paris. they been fine beacuse paris had banned driving due to smog. trying to fix the problem to clear the air of the global city they ordered to leave thier cars at home or suffer a euro fine . less cars mean less warmer climants beacuse cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. benfits would come from less car usage. now in bogota there is a carfree day, when u leave cars at home and you cant use them for a whole day. for that day there isnt any traffic because all of the residents are hiking, biking, skating or taking the bus to work. this carfree day reduce smog and if any person violats that day they are going to be fine . they said its a good way to take away stress and lower pollution. municipal authorities from other countries came to bogota to see the event and were enthusiastic. president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emission, unveild last week. recent studies suggest that the americans are buying fewer cars. they are driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. the love of vehicles seems to be cooling. population growth,the number of miles driven in the untied states peaked in  and dropped steadily thereafter. car ownership per household and per person started to come down.