today in the world everyone needs a car. a car is one of the most used and most needed appliances in the world today, but cars also cause many accidents, injuries, and fatalities. one way to avoid accidents is by allowing the car to assist with the driving. if self driving cars becomes a common thing there will be less accidents, less drunk driving, and less deaths. many people believe that cars should stay manual to the driver because the enhanced amount of technology for a self driving car could have a glitch or have a technology fail. although there is a great fear of this happening to the new style of car, many cars already use extended amounts of technology. the cars being created today have better, more enhanced technolgy that cause the smarter car to help everyone. the average car made today has a great amount of technology already being designed into the car. if a self driving, smarter, car is created for the average customer the difference between the smarter car and the average car made today would be the amount of sensors. many people may question having an extended amount of sensors in the car because the more sensors the more likely a sensor has a chance to fail. while the fact of a higher possibility of a sensor failing is true but there is already a great amount of sensors in cars today. also, new cars being developed will have a better sensors than the sensors currently in cars. sensors in cars today detect seatbelts, open doors, and impact of car to deploy airbags. advanced cars around the world today already detect the surroundings of the car to help avoid crashes and improve parking. one flaw of the technology of the typical car to day is that a driver does not always comprehend or listen to signals and sensors being given by the car. in order for safer driving to occur cars must become more self dependent. smarter cars will immediatley understand and react to the sensors in the car. also a self reliable car will help fatigued and worried drivers. the car could automatically program routes via gps, relieving the stress of directions. another area of concern raised by those who oppose the smarter cars is that pedestrains will be in greater risk of harm with a smarter car if the car has a malfunction. this is a true problem, but the smarter car is not full reliant of technology. the car will still need guidance of a driver who can see pedestrians and stop. none of the cars developed are driverless, although the cars have its own sense of direction, acceleration, steering, and braking can be done by the car alone, the driver has the final decision on what the car will do. although many critics oppose the idea of having a car that has so much power and freedom, the smarter car is safe and functional. the smarter car is the next generation of cars and the next great invition that can change the lives of everybody evryday. most people who think a self driving car think that there will be no need for a driver when that is not at all true. the smarter car still requires a licensed driver but it can provide great help and security to the driver. the self driving car can do many more things than the average car which makes the new car of tomorrow a smarter car.