seagoing cowboys take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. when one becomes a seagoing cowboy, ones life is changed forever. there are three main reasons for which one should become a seagoing cowboy, and they are the beautiful places one might visit, the good cause that one is helping, and the fun one can have while doing the job. in this argument, i will elaborate on each of these reasons. first, i will expand on what is meant by beautiful places. the first reason that i think one should become a seagoing cowboy is all of the beatiful places you might visit. when one is a seagoing cowboy, and one travels through europe to help people, there are plenty of opportunity to visit beautiful places, such as venice, italy, where one can take a gondola ride through the streets of water, or the acropolis, in greece. one also occasionally finds beautiful places on ones way to another place, such as the panama canal, if one is going to china. that is the first reason for which one should become a seagoing cowboy. now, i shall elaborate on the second reason. the second reason for which one should become a seagoing cowboy is that one will be helping a good cause. war is a horrible thing, and sometimes, animals cannot be kept. animals are very important beings, and we should try to protect them to our greatest extent. so going on trips just to help animals, which happens to be what seagoing cowboys do, is a very worthy cause. if one truly cares for animals, and one has the opportunity to help both animals and people, then why shouldnt one do so? there is no reason at all. now, i shall elaborate on the third, and final reason for which i believe one should become a seagoing cowboy. the third, and final reason, for which one should become a seagoing cowboy, is the fun that one will have while doing the job. when one is a seagoing cowboy, one often has spare time during the job, and there are plenty of opportunities to meet new people, and to have fun with them, playing games such as volleyball, and baseball. one might even find a lifelong friend, working as a seagoing cowboy. if someone does not have very many friends, they would have a chance of finding one as a seagoing cowboy. that is the third and final reason for which i think one should become a seagoing cowboy. now, i shall finish this argument. seagoing cowboys take care of cattle that has been sent overseas. there are several reasons for which one should become a seagoing cowboy, and they are the beautiful places one might visit, the worthy cause one is serving, and the fun one might have. becoming a seagoing cowboy is a good idea for all of us. now why would anyone think otherwise?