car usage should be limited across the world there are many free car citys. after days of near record pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. paris ban driving due to air smug cars are the cause to air pollution today. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe. if we keep using cars as much it will hurt us in a long run. are enviroment and the air will not be healthy to breath people will die it will be a huge break out then we will not be able to drive cars. car free day is turning to a big hit i bogota in a program that set to spread to other countries. millions of colombians particapated in the event. it was the third stright year that cars have been banned with only buses. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and ruduce smog. people that does not listen and violators faced  fines. now people are hraing abouty the cause of less driving and diffrent cities are joining in on the fun. internet is a big part of why people have stop driving because people fill like they can use there social life to communicate with people instead of getting in there cars and going places to meet up with their family or peers. as of april  thge number of miles driven wentr down  percent below the peak and equel to where the country was in january . another benifit of limiting car usage is that it will benifit the health ofd citizens citizens both mentally and physically. in the german subborn of vauban, citizens have given uup their cars. a resisdent there says  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrum limiting car usage also limit the frequency of trafic jams, accidents, and unfriendly drivers in a hurry along with the stress and frustration that accompany them. in sumation, a life with out cars mean a healthier, longer lasting planet so every one should particapate we should wanna help the planet not destroy it. this could help everyone in the long run dont have to worry about smug or dangerous air that could kill you. please spread thge word that less driving is very important and cvan save the enviroment. thats the eavantages of limiting car usage for you and me can live a healthy life and dont have to worrie about pullutin and we could breath fresh air.