a face on mars! nasa found a face on mars that is said to be a natural landform but many think it is alien creation. there are many reasons that shows that claim of it being an alien creation is false for example there have been  pictures of the face the face looks different in each, it is a lava dome, and there is not a reason for nasa to keep it a secret. in the article they give  pictures to look at and in each one the landform looks a little different because of the new advance technology. for example the picture in  yes it does look like a face but that could be just because of the low camera quality at the time of the picture taken. the picture couldve been anything at the time a rock formation is and was the logical explanation for this. for example in the second picture taken in  the landform is a little blurry but easier to see and in this picture it doesnt resemble a face at all it was revealed to be a natural landform. the example shows that nasa confirmed that it is just a natural landform and is not an alien creation. it does not even look like a face in the sharper picture take in . the last example is the picture taken in . many thought that the picture taken in  was not proving anything because it would have been winter in mars so the picture had to be taken through wispy clouds so they went again in  they went on a cloudless summer day. for example in the passage it says, malins team captured an extra ordinary photo using the cameras absoulte maximum resolution. the example shows that nasa took an amazing clear photo revealing that it is just a land form. in the article there are three different missions. in the first mission they fiqures it was just another common martian mesa. for example in the text it says, scientist fiqured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows. the example shows that they said that it is just mesa with unusual shadows. the next mission sais that it is indeed a natural landform. for example in the story it says,michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orginial viking photos and posted on a jpl web site revealing a natural landform. the example shows that the new cameras showed that it was just a landform but that still wasnt enough evidence to some. the third mission was in . for example in the text it says, a cloudless summer day in cydonia mars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. the example shows that this mission was on a cloudless day so there would be nothing blocking the view of the landform. all three missions they all agreed it was just a natural landform why would nasa want to hide it and there is enough evidence that it is just a natural landform there would be no reason to hide if aliens were found. for example in the text it says,meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. the example shows that if there was a civilzation they would not keep it a secreat because they could get more money to study it and in the long run more money for discovering it. another example is in the story it says, as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital  times bigger than the pixel size. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes ont he ground or eqyptianstyle pryamids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! the example shows that if there was ancient civilization there they had to live somewhere and we would be able to see their shacks. the last example is in the story it says, what the picture actually shows is the martian equaivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. it reminds me most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. the example shows that it is a butte or mesa and it even looks like the middle butte in the river. there is no way the face is anything but rocks. in conclusion there is no evidence what so ever that the landform is an alien creation. there was though  missions that have evidence showing that it is a landform, there were three different pictures,and there was no reason for nasa to hide this dicovery. the face is just a natural landform.