in the article driverless cars are coming, the author makes very valid points on why people should support cars that drive themselves or why people should not support these driverless cars. i am in favor of this idea of a driverless car. companies that are making computerdriven cars have come along way until now. these companies have taken so many safety percaussions to insure that the driver will be safe all of the time. the article says that the car will alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. google has inserted sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an intertial motion sensor. the driverless google also includes a spinning sensor on the rooof. telling by the example i just gave, google wants the car to be safe and cautious but it is more important on focusing on the driver and passangers safety. improvements in sensors and computer harder keep growing further and further, this makes driving safer and it is closer to having a driverless car. although, a driverless car has not been fully proved to work yet, safety is the most important aspect of making a driverless car.  gm general motors has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays. these companies are in favor of the drivers best interest. do not think that the driver wil totally not be in control, because they will be in control. in the year of , bmw annound that they have developed what is called a traffic jam assistant. the traffic jam assistant can handle driving functions of speeds up to  miles per hour. the car is just driving but the person does have control of the car whenever they want too. google also has cars that have driven more than half a million miles without a single crash. and if a crash does indeed happen then it could possible not be the car or the manufactors fault, it could be the drivers or the condition of the road. many futurists belived that maybe the reason that driverless cars couldnt be created was because of the roads now. general motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. the track was embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. engineers at berkeley university tried the same thing but using magnets with alternating polarity. in conclusion, driverless cars have not been fully invented but should have been given the chance to be driven. so many positives can come out of a driverless car. safety is the main problem with this car in my opnion but give the companies some time to come out with the perfect autonomous car.