have you heard of the face on mars? it is said to be two miles from top to bottom. what do you think formed this? aliens? an acient civilzation? out of all of the possible answers, i say it is just a natural landform with shadows that causes it to have a nose, eyes, and mouth. paragraph ten and eleven of unmasking the face on mars states, each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. as rule of thumb, you can discern in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, he added. so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! this leads me to belive that there is nothing but that natural landform on the face of mars. with these images it says you can see the tiniest thing as a shack, so i am positive that we would see any evidence that aliens were there. the landform actually shows the martian eqivalent to buttle or mesalandforms common around the american west. this face on the surface of mars resembles many of those on the earth, which we know were not created by aliens. it reminds me most of the middle buttle in the snake river plain in idaho, says gravin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. these lines in paragraph twelve show that there is another landfrom, on earth, that has formed out of natural causes such as lava. the face on mars could just simlpy be lava that has caused the surface to rise. many conspiracy therorists say that it could be aliens and nasa is just trying to hide the evidence form the people. yet in paragrpah five it states, meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. this shows that if this was caused by aliens, that it would be benifical to nasa. few scientists believed that the face was an alien artifact, but there was no actual proof that it was. there were only pictures that clearly showed that there were no signs of aliens. although this face on mars is a big deal, i believe that it is just a natural landform. images that have been taken show no sign of aliens or ancient civilizations. there are also many landfroms on earth just like this face on mars. last but not least, the theory that nasa is keeping information from us is not true because the face actually being aliens or an acient civilization would only benifit them. all of these reasons is why i belive that the face on mars is just a natural landform.