i know people think the face on mars is something that was created by some kind of life, but really it is not. this is acually just a landform. the face was found in the region of the red planet called cydonia. it is very hard for nasa to get the picture because they have to angle the satalite just right. i am not trying to be pestimistic but, nasa has seen landforms on mars before and the article says,the mouth, nose, and eyes are allusions caused by shadows. the facts just dose not add up to their being life on mars. this face is just a landform. there are many ways this landform could have happend. for example, a duststorm, astroids crashing on the planet, or underground volcanos. these are all examples of how the face could have been created. the article says it was caused by butte or mesa. time for everyone to come up with a new theory! this face was found in the area cydonia. one day the aircraft viking  was circaling the plant and found the face. could you imagine the scientist face when the aircraft reported it back. a few days later they released it to the public. lots of people were confinced that it was caused by some kind of lifeform, but really it was not. it was hard work for nasa to get the picture because they had to rotate the aircraft at  degrees. this was not easy because if they went to far nasa would miss the face. if they did not go all the way around nasa would still miss it . it had to be perfect. it could have been  degrees, one of, but it did not matter it would still miss it. it had to be perfect. nasa finnaly got the picture and proved that there was no lifeform. the nose, mouth, and eyes are caused by shadow illusions. they might have been formed by astroids crashing there, but are most likely shadow illusions. these illusions are caused when the mars acsis are tillted a certain way and the sun hits it. this is most likly how the shadow allusion happened. this is what scientist says caused the illusion. in conclusion there were many ways for this landform to happen. do not think this was caused by some kind of life form because there is not enough proff. there are many ways this could have been formed. for example. a dust storm, or underground volcano the list goes on. it may never be solved what caused it. just face it it is like trying to find a needle in a haystack.