cars were invented to be physically handled by a safe driver. cars are not the certified ones who spend their time and effort to get certified as a safe driver. yes it may be easier to be hands free but your more aware if your aware the whole time the car is operated. you would be more aware if your focused instead of waiting on an unexpected heads up that something is going to happen. there could be a major or minor set back while in the car. if cars were driverless and you got into a wreak how would you explain to that persons family? oh it was the cars fault and i was not really prepared to handle the situation quick enough. that is going to make you loook like you are an unreliable person to ever have the safety rights to even operate that car. an set back to the car such as the electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car could be damaged at any point while operated or not operated. the owner would not know and lay back and think everthing is all fine until they hit a bump causing an acident. things used to opersate the driverless cars could have a major set back as damage done to the cables or other things like weather damages and thieves and other things such as break downs or over runned electrionics. who could even afford to be driverless in the first place its unpractical to purchase this with out the benifts of it being  percent safe. in the article we are told twice the car is far beyond our reach and besides these next examples that its illegal and can not yet cover liability. the car is described that it is something that was simply too expensive to be practicual, and that it cost two hundred million dollars. it wasnt something you could buy at radio shack. this shows us how hard it would get to even try to purchase this car. the car is far descirbed as an unreasonable sourse to our worlds society and unneeded to the driving life of a person. the ones who desire to purchase an expensive, illegal, and unsafe car, is a fool to waste hundreds of millions on a waste such as this car. your car would be considered illegal and your limited to drive that nice smart car only in the resricted places you might want to explore somewhere else but it is too bad or sad that you can not. think twice if your driving it to be always aware of your souroundings you might be hands free but your not concious free.