mesa on mars who or what created this face on mars? was it aliens, or just nature doing its thing? the answer has been debated ever since it was discovered and the truth has been found. although theres proof out there like the picture that was taken ten times better than the vikings pictures, skilled scientist themselves dont even think it could be made by aliens, and there are similar landforms on earth some people still find ways to argue. these people might say the markings were hidden under the haze, but just as much as that could be true it could also be wrong. this face was created by none other than mother nature herself. to start, the pictures taken in  and  were much clearer than the original viking pictures and unmask the face for what it really is. in unmasking the face on mars it states, ...michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten time sharper than the original viking photos. to illistrate, the article is saying that this new picture was so much better and much more revealing. the day this picture was taken april ,  was completely cloudless. this means that there couldnt have been any alien markings hidden somewhere. garvin said, as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size... hes hinting that even small things that show us there was civilization there couldve been seen in this picture. to conclude, the new picture was proof to the world that this was just a landform. not only did a picture tell us this was no sign of alien life on mars, but so did skilled scientists. when the picture was first taken, scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. we all know that scientists know their stuff so why doubt them? their first intsinct was that it was just another landform, so why cant we all just agree with them and get on with our lives to worry about something more important? even the caption for the picture when it was released for everyone to see noted that it was just a huge rock formation. so why cant we just see this face for what it is? lastly, there are landforms on earth just like it. theyre called mesas or buttes. garvin says that  it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face of mars. if these landforms can naturally occur on earth cant they also occur on mars? garvin sees that this landform is just like something we have at our own home. some people might say that when the picture was taken of the face in  that it was probably cloudy that day and some alien markings were probably just covered up by the clouds. they must have done a lot of research because normally april is a cloudy time on the red planet, but that day was completely clear and sunny. these people might just be the kind who believe in the supernatural and say that theyve been obducted by aliens. there is much more proof to this face being a natural landform compared to it being a alien made landmark. where one side would say that scientists dont believe there is a chance of this the other side would say it was cloudy the day that picture was taken. overall, there is no excuse for the fact that this is naturally occuring. all in all, this face is a natural landform that has nothing to do with extra terrestrial life on mars. there is proof behind it like the picture taken in , the fact that actual scientists dont think theres any chance of it being alien related, and there are landforms like this one on earth called a butte or mesa. all of these things proove that not only was the face of mars just a natural forming landform. will you know the real cause of something like the face of mars next time you see one?