the author uses and explains many ways how to explore and how we can improve our knowledge on the environment and conditions on venus. he supports each idea in its own paragraph and giving several options on how to travel and land on venus. he informs on the dangers of venus and how we can work around it and focus on ideas on how we can land on venus. the author states that why hasnt a spaceship touched down on venus surface in more than three decades. is it about the temperature or have we not studied enough about the planet venus? in the introduction of the challenge of exploring venus, the author opens up giving venus the nickname evening star, but then informing the readers that the nickname is misleading since venus is actually a planet, not a star. the author supports the idea of the pursuit to venus by giving the readers more information on venus and what it is like. for example, the author states that venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. earth and venus have similar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. in paragraph four, he states that venus might of been the most earthlike planet in our solar system a very time long ago. the author then informs us, the readers, that nasa has a compelling idea for sending humans to venus to study. so the idea is that venus would allow scientists to float above the fray of the planet. the author compares on how the scientists would do it to jet airplanes. traveling at a higher altitude to fly over storms. doing so, the conditions would not be easy, but survivable. in the text, the author gives the conditions of venus, such as the atomsphere. its about ninetyseven percent carbon dioxide that covers all of venus. so it would be tough to see ground conditions. in addition, without being able to set foot on the ground, scientists would not be able to get samples of rock or gas to study and observe. the author supports the idea of studying and if its possible to travel and succeeding to venus in many different ways. in the article, he gives off examples on both ways. on if its worthy to go to venus and what the dangers are if running into them. the author gives an idea on mechanical computers. instead of using modern computer, mechanical computers can be made more resistant to pressure, heat and other forces on venus. one of the dangers he stated in the text was about venusian geology. he talked about the additional impediments such as erupting volcanoes, earthquakes, and frequent lighting that strikes on the surface. in conclusion, the author does support the idea of studying venus and if its a worthy pursit despiting the dangers venus has. he compares and contrasts the ideas of venus. in addition, giving off many informative facts about venus and its conditions it has. in the last paragraph of text, the author thinks that human curiosity will lead us into futher investigation on venus and many other endeavors. he thinks that we shouldnt be limited to the dangers and doubts we have ,but the imagination and innovation we all have. the final paragraph brings it all together and saying that we will one day set foot on venus.