when you think of smog what do you think of,thick blanket of cloud covering a citie like china or los angeles. what if it was all over becuase of cars in every crowded country around the world. people like mr. goldberg have built suburbs that have it has a new car zone in vauban,germany. they have done this because there tail pipe emmisions,the smoke is unhealthy to breathe,and most people cant afford a car. the emmisions from the tail pipe that comes out of the car is cause in most passengers car is the cause for the  of the greenhouse gases in europe and  in the u.s.a.most cities have been trying to cut back on the car use or public transportation many will still ride a bus or drive to avoid walking or bycicling. the united states epa is sugesting to promote cars reduced communities as it is stated in the article to play a larger role in a new sixyear transportation program. ever walked out side and it was reallly foggy and it didnt clear up for the whole day or week even, that is the unhealthy way of saying your citie is polluted,its smog. smog is that thing that hangs in the air like fog,ecept its alot of chemicals,nasty water droplet,and other stuff you probably would fear smog if you knew what it was. are cars do that in paris,france mondays nobody with a evennumber license plate were ordered to leave there cars at home or pay a fine. the officials of france enforced the ban after a nearrecord breaking pollution, they only did it to clear the air of the city. i dont know how the econime is in europe but most people in america cant even afford a car. mostly all of america is strapped for cash so buying a new car isnt there on there mind. they either live close to work to were they can walk,but if they dont have a job then why even bother with a car were do you really need to go,come on now. the percentage of miles driven per person was nearly  below the driving peak in america and almost equal with the same percentage taken in the year of . michael siviak said the rate of car ownership per household and person went down by two to three years before the downturn. most people dont realize that luxury comes with a hevfty price in life. you want to get there fast to that certain place and destroy what helps you breathe and survive or do you want to get there still and keep alive this rock.