is the facial action coding system worth it? will it help fix societies happiness. i agree the facs is worth using it because it will help fix alot of peoples problems, it will help people from getting thier feelings hurt, and it will help lots of children in schools and parents. facs will help fix alot of peoples problems. the system is used to recognize peoples emotions throughout there everyday life. knowing that in are world today many people are dangerous and have things that are going on in there life that know one else knows about. the facial action coding system can help detect that because in the text it states that the system has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. this can let us know how that person is feeling. this system can help other people from getting there feelings hurt. because you can tell how a person or your friend is feeling that day based on there emotions and how they act. without this system you may not be able to figure out what type of energy that person is bringing. for example if you were to make a joke towards your friend they might take it personal because they are feeling angry and they take there anger out on you. so you both end up begin mad at eachother and now youre relationship with your friend is ruined. the facs will help children in schools and the parents. because humans they perform the same calculations in there everyday life. the facs system can help show a parent or teacher that a child needs help because they might look confused and this system can detect that. because for instense on a test a student might be confused and worried and the teacher might not know that without the facs. this can help prevent alot of students and parents from failing school and failing as a parent. therefore i believe that the facial action coding system is worth it. it is a great tool that can help with many things and many people in this world. this sytem will be a big impact on the world and change alot of things for the better.