why does everybody suspect that their is life on mars when they see a wierd form of rock on it when really its nothing like that? well thats how a lot of people were thinking when nasa revealed the picture of the face on mars. however thats not true. nasa has proven in so many ways that its just a natural landform, but of course some people think that its not natural at all. first, nasa was very suprised to see something like that on the camera of viking  spacecraft. but that went away really fast. scientists figured it was just another martian mesa,common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows made it like an egyptian pharaoh. this tells you that its just a natural landform. not a alien artifact . also, nasa wanted to go see if its a artifact or just a natural lanform. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing ... a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. this tells you that they never found an alien artifact on april ,. all they found was a natural landform on mars. finally, since not everyone was convinced that it was a natural landform, nasa decided to go back and get an even clearer picture of the martian mesa. this time they used an even stronger camera to show the world that nasa is right.as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, he added. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! this can tell you that nasa was trying to tell everyone that their cameras are good enough to spot and see if its just a natural landform, so now you shouldnt be complaning about the pictures. all of this evidence can tell you that the face of mars is just a natural landform, not a alien artifact. their are still a lot of people who think that martians do exist and they will think anything that is not normal on mars is martian. however there is no martians on mars. what do you think?