while most people believe the face on mars was just a natural landform there are also people who believe it was created by aliens. those people believed it was an alien artifact that was seen in the photograph taken above mars by viking  during . but there are many peices of evidence that support the idea of the face just being a natural landform. for starters, when the face was first seen on cydonia, mars, it was photographed by viking  on , which during that time cameras werent as powerful as cameras now so the picture quality back in  was blurry compared to todays photos. the  face was actually just a martian mesa which is a lava dome, which are common in cydonia. soon after, scientists concluded  it was a huge rock formation which resembles a human head formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. and if the face was actually created by aliens nasa wouldnt have told the public since it couldve caused public panic, but instead nasa used the face as a way to attract the publics attention towards mars. so in the end, the face did bring much attention to mars which was nasas intention. while conspiracy theorists believe the face was real evidence of life on mars, it was actually not, defenders of the nasa budget confirmed it when they said that they wished there was an ancient civilization on mars. even when few scientists believed the face was an alien artifact, photographing cydonia became a priority for nasa. so on april , , the mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time. then, the mars orbiter camera moc team took a picture which was ten times sharper rhan the original viking photos. and so, the face was confimed by micheal malin and his orbiter cameria moc team to just be a natural landform. but still again people were not content since the face on mars was located  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april , which was a cloudy day. and so, the camera in the mgs had to take a photograph though clouds to see the face which skepics still said alien markings were hidden by the haze. so once more, on april , , which was a cloudless summer day in cydonia the mgs or the mars global sirveyor grew closer until it was  degrees to center the face in the field of view. the  photo spans . meters compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. in conclusion, the photo taken on , finally confirmed that the face on mars was really a martian equivalent of a buttle or mesa. so in the end, the face was never created by aliens but it was just a natural landform.