self driven cars a car that dirves its self? thats outrageous. for decades humans have been driving cars in order to get where they need to go. this talk of self driven cars is absolutely rediculous. first of all, people enjoy driving. second, the car doesnt even drive completly by itself. lastly, even if you wanted one, its not availiable every where in the counrty. i beleive this car would be a waste of your time and money. people enjoy driving. driving is something that every teenager that i know cant wait to do. its freeing and relaxing. if your angry just go on a drive and mabey youll feel better after wards. if your sad, go on a drive. people enjoy driving so much because they know that they are in control of what happens. wow. the car does not even drive its self completely. according to the article, driverless cars can only do basic driving skills. such as steering , braking,and accelerating by them selves. which means they would need help if there were to be an accident or people working on the road. they say that the car will alert you when it needs your help, but that means youll just be sitting thre waiting for your turn to drive. quick question ,who wants to do that? that would be extremely boring and a waste of your time and money. then, according to the atricle, you would have to have yor hands on the wheel at all times. so you would litterally be sitting in the car just looking out of the window until its your turn to drive. lastly, why in the world would you get a car that you couldnt drive anywhere you wanted to go? the article specifically states that only three states and a district allow driverless cars. this is because if you were to get into an accident, they wouldnt know who to put the blame on you or the maufacturer. that is definetly a saftey hazard if you ask me cause if it is the manufacturer alot of people could get hurt. but besides that why drive buy and expensive car tht you can only dirve on one side of the counry? in conclusion, the idea of these driverless cars are rediculous because people enjoy driving,they dont dirve completly by themselves and they arent avaliable everywhere. i beleive that driverless cars are a waste of your time and money. we should just stick to the same old stuff weve been doing. if we let technology take over the one thing we can control then it would take over our entire lives.