the future is open to many possibilities that have already have gone to the surface. things such as upgrades to technology and new ideas for phones have been announced frequently every year at the least. several companies around the world are trying to bring the next big thing and some like in this article are trying to change the future of the world with their new discoveries that they are trying to create. people such as apple founder steve jobs and google cofounder sergey brin have already presented their ideas to the world. in these cases, they strive to make their discoveries even better, safer, and more user friendly. many people that have heard about these discoveries stand on their own side if they are for these inventions and discoveries or if they are not supportive for their own reason. as google cofounder sergey brin has publizized his new innovative ideas for self driving cars many people are for these new discoveries. i am one who stand and support sergey brin. these cars can change and shape the future. to my knowledge, many deaths and injuries are from wreckless driving. these are mainly the fault of the drivers that were involved. with these self driving cars the future can be more safe and can be more friendly to the user. on the other hand, much of the hard earned money that people have earned from their jobs go to their gas that they have to get to run their cars. with self driving cars the money that they have to pay will be greatly reduced. the money that are country has to pay for is because of the high cost of gasoline. on top of this, there has been a lot of time for people by getting gas. this might reduce the stress and the lateness of peoples attendance to school, work, or other events that they might be going to. with self driving cars, this can decrease the stress and lateness to certain people to school and work related subjects that they might be apart of. with the question of if we should use self driving cars, people are against this because they dont feel like this is useful currently. they believe this because many companies have learned from their inventions through trial and error. people doubt these companies and dont believe these can be improved. they mainly focus on what has gone wrong they dont have faith that these will ever work in the future. i do not believe that these are failed inventions. i believe they are the opposite. the self driving cars are the stepping stone to the future and the hope that might still exist. in conclusion, these self driving cars will benefit the future and the world all together. manufacturs and companies will continue to innovate their improvements in the self driving cars. by doing this they can increase the number of positions that are opened that need to be filled. these job opprotunities are for people like me and also the people that are around us everyday who support the idea. by continuing the production of these cars, the future can be benefited. the money that we earn can be put to other things instead of the ever changing prices of gasoline that is currently essential to our mode of transportation today. i believe that the most important thing that will be changed is the ammount of deaths that occur every year from wreckless driving. by self driving cars the future is brighter and safer for all mankind and for the people that we love dearly. people might think that the world will be rather harsh in the future but with people who stand for innovative, clean, and safe inventions the future will be brighter if we stick to what we believe. so are you debating which side to take on this subject? i encourage you to stand with me and bring the hope to the future.