many people may believe that the face on mars was created by aliens, but research claims its something not as exciting. nasa has been researching this face for many years. their studies and pictures have concluded that the face on mars is a huge rock formation. even though scientists have proved this theory, people still believe otherwise. it all started in  when nasa unveiled the image for all to see. nasa found a huge landform made of rock on mars in . the landform was found on a region of mars called cydonia. this landform came as a surprise to everyone. large rock formations were common in this region of mars, but something stood out to nasa when they came across this rcok formation. this landform looked like a giant face. scientists didnt know if it was an alien artifact or if the shadows and the way the rock formed just made it look like a face. there was no way to tell other than the photos taken from space. nasa had to keep investigating this to come up with an explanation for this face on mars. so in  they took another picture of the rock formation that was better quality. they still couldnt tell what it was because it was very cloudy on mars the day they took the picture. they had one more shot to get a good image of the landform. in , nasa took one last picture and they found out what the rock formation really was. just as they had predicted, it was a mesa. which was common for the area on mars where they found it. even though scientists knew it was a mesa, conspiracy theorists still believed it could be an alien artifact. there are many signs that prove that this rock formation is not an alien artifact. first of all scientists have ruled it out as an alien artifact. they have done research on this face for over  years and they have proved its a huge rock formation. people have always wondered how and why the face appears if its a mesa. well the face is created by shadows. these shadows give the illusions of the eyes, nose, and mouth. scientists have also told us that things in a digital image are  times bigger than their actual pixel size. this tells us that if there were some type of pyramid, alien object, or airplanes on the ground we would be able to see them. the face on mars will always be a controversy to some people, but scientists have proof of what the face actually is, a mesa. the pictures you see are actually showing a martian equivalent of a buttle or mesa. these rock formations are commonly found on mars and on earth. so even if you still believe the face of mars is an alien artifact of some kind, you can at least know earth and mars have something in common, huge rock formations.