to whome this may concern the electoral college is out dated and unfair. examples of this would be that bias can take up a big part of it. for example if an electoral does not like who is running for president on the winning side they can bend the votes into there favor. another example would be in the case of a tie the election would be given to the house of representives witch would be another unfair vote, beacuse each representive stands for everyone in the state. so if the representive in ma was demcrait and the representive in tx was republican then the mjorty vote would most likely go to the republicans. other examples of how unfair the system is the winner take all system. reasons it is unfair is that the the running candidates dont go to states if they no they are going to win or not. some states dont even get to see the adds for some candudates beacuse that stat mjorty is either repubclain or demacrat. that is unfair to the people that are in the oppsite party in that state. futher more the system is unfair to people in states where the mjorty is something diffrent from the party they are in. last but not least the system is out dated. the electoral college has been around since the constution was writen but since then it has gone down hill with the bias and mjorty votes. examples of this can be found int the two parragraphs above as well as in this one. another example why is out dated and unfair is the people most likely do not have a say in who they pick. a reason for this would be the bias the members of the electoral have to a candidate. the vote they cast has a grater power over ours and can sway the vote to there favor is they want to. more reasons would be how the electoral college has been around since the constution. although other systems from that time still seem to work this one does not and it will continue to fail until it just stops working altogether. in concluestion the electoral college needs to be changed due to the bias in the system along with the unfairness of the system. also the age of the system and the fact that it seems to keep failing,and not showing any signs that it will get better. or help with elections in a fair and approiate way. later on in other elections.