every day more and more people are surrounded by a toxic smog. this is caused by burning fossil fuels like gasoline, oil, and natural gasses. one of the main reasons toxic smog comes up is because of the mass amounts of vehicles on the road. organizations and governments from around the word are trying to find a solution to our pollution problem. but when you think about it a car free world wouldnt be all that bad. there are many pros for limiting car use. imagine breathing in the fresh air and seeing the beutiful skys above smog free, governments from around the world already see this dream and they want to make it into a reality. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. said robert duffer author of the article paris bans driving due to smog. cities around the world are trying to find new ways to reduce pollution from massive cities. its a wonderful idea especialy since paris rivaled beijing china possibly the most polluted place in the world. but when we get rid of all of the cars then what will be our means of transportation new ideas have scattered across the globe. many countries are starting to rely on trains to move their citizens from one place to another and with revolutionary technology trains are now faster than ever. how many parking lots are in your city? thats another thing without parking lots cities wil be more open and more stores and super markets will take their place. more and more countries start to relize that reducing vehicle emissions will make the quality of life in their city higher and cleaner and it apears that the ideas are taking action a program thats set to spread toother countries, millions of columbians hiked, biked, and skated or took buses to work during a carfree day. said andrew selsky author of carfree day spinning into a big hit in bogota. cities are now taking action and are helping the enviorment by starting days where no cars are allowed. this is one example of how many countries are going green and helping the enviorment. with plenty of ways of reducing gas emissions the world will soon take a turn for the best being able to reduce pollution and make the overall populatin happy. more and more means of transportation pop up every day so just wait and you will see an impact on your comuntiy as well. in the mean time hop on you bike and go green the change starts with you.