in the article making mona lisa smile it talks about being able to tell someones mood. is being able to tell someones mood in a classroom valuable? i think it is very valuable. i think this because the teacher could be able to tell if you understand something or how you feel about it. another reason is because you could be able to tell how your friend is feeling my last reason is because when a painter paints something you would be able to tell how the painter wanted you to feel when looking at it. my first reason for why i think this is valuable is because a teacher could be able to tell how you feel about something new she is teaching. for example a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,dr.hung predictsparagraph . this is stating that the computer sofware would be able to tell when you are confused or bored and could help the teacher. another example is shes  percent happy, precent disgusted, percentfearful, and  percent angryparagraph . this computer sofware and cell all of your emotions at once and there percent. this is how a teacher would be able to tell how youre feeling. my second reason for why i think this is valuable is because you could be able to tell how your friend is feeling. for example in the article is states that  of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy,worried, ect paragraph . this states that you cant exactly tell a persons every emotion by just looking at them so this would be able to help know their emotions. another example would be they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one paragraph . this also means that if a friend is lying abou how thye feel or putting on a fake smile the computer would know its fake. these are soem examples on how the computer is valuable when it comes to friends. my final reason is because when a painter pants something it would be able to tell how you feel when looking at it. one example i found in the article is the mona lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face while it shows just how much this computer can do paragraph . this is explaning how when looking at the mona lisa painting it is supposed to make you smile. another example is using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition sofware tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa paragraph . this is explaning how it shows the real face or in the painted face. these are some examples of how this is valuable to paintings. this new technology called facial action coding system is valuable to students in a classroom. this new technology can help teachers undertsna dhow a student is feeling about the subject. it alos helps with friends and paintings.