this face is a natural landform. its probably just an old hill covered in dirt or dust. there are hills on earth that are probably shaped like this. it just has holes in the hill that makes it look like a human face. this face is a hill. it just so happens that it is in the shape of a human face. if you look very closely, there are holes, or craters, in the face. i do see why you would think that its made by aliens. there are other things on mars that people think are built by aliens, such as pyramids. it kind of reminds me of pyramids that the egyptains built. there are pyramids on mars and there is proof of that. yes, aliens could have built this, but i dont think so. there have been sightings of aliens on earth, but this does not mean that aliens built this. do you have proof that aliens built this? no there is no proof that aliens built this. if they did, you would have to find some kind of evidence that they did. i do myself believe in aliens, but that doesnt mean they built this face. i know i have said it a lot, but this face is a natural landform. it is simply a hill or something in the shape of a hill. people find all kinds of things like this. i myself is very intersted in these kinds of things aliens and such and yet i think that it is just a simple hill covered in dust that just so happens to be in the shape of a face. there are probably hills on the earth that are in the shape of a face. it is just a natural landform. there are natural landforms on the earth that are shaped like this. if this face was built like aliens, where is your proof? you have none? thats what i thought. it is seriously nothing other than a hill, covered in dirt, in a shape of a face. therefore, this face is a natural landform. it is just a hill covered in dirt or dust in the shape of a face. people are very fasinated by this. some think its an acient thing built by alines however, it is not. it is a hill that has holes that make it look like a human face. if this was a an acient thing buitl by aleins, there would be proof.