join the seagoing coboys program i yell. a guy walks up to me and says why would i want to join? he asks. well you can see many places in the world from a boat out at sea. you also help animals get transported safely to and from countrys around the world.  i think you would like this job if you like animals, and if you are a farmer because the animals are farm animals and farmers know a lot about them, i was working at a bank and a groccery store and my friend don had invited me to do this job and i accepted it becasue i knew it would be a opportunity of a life time. why would i want to this job... i am not a farmer and i dont like animals that much? said the guy. well do you like being on boats? i have never been on a boat. said the guy you should take the job the because there are so many things you get to see and if you have never been on a boat befor e it would be fun i love doing it. i say. what do the boats look like? he asked. well they are really big. i say. how big he asked um... i couldnt find the right sized thing lets say about the size of the base of that building over there. wow, thats big he said in exitement. i could see he wanted to do the job and then he didnt. so do you want to join the program? i ask. sure i just want to ask one last question... do we get breakfast, lunch, and dinner breaks? well yes we need meals to do all the work on the boat so yes. i take the next guy who wanted to join. hi i said whats your name? paul he responded with hey paul how you doing, oh yea i forgot i am luke, luke bombomberger? i asked. good. he responded. so, do you want to join the seagoing coboys program? i ask i think so, but i do have a couple conserns. he said. great what are they? i ask. well i want to know if i get to see my family often? he asked you will get to see your family once a month is that ok? i ask. i guess so. what of your other conserns? well i guess i only had one so, ill sign up. thanks for coming i say just as he walked out the door hello i say to the next person. hi he said in a grumpy voice. do you want to sign up? no my mom jsut told me to come and look for a job and said i might like this one but i hate boats,and i also hate animals goodbye! wow that guy was rude. i say. i was done for the day talking and agruging with people bye.