driverless cars can be dangerous to use for many reasons. i am against driverless cars for many reasons. the driver of the car might not be alert when they need to be, the car could cause a crash, also it could do the wrong thing at the wrong time. theres many more reasons but those are the main ones. when driving a driverless car the driver of the car must be alert at all times. if the driver feel asleep behind the wheel thinking its okay because the car drives itself something bad could happen. some people are heavy sleepers and might not wake up if the seat just vibrate and that can cause a serious car crash. also if someone is paying attention to something else like their phones or maybe children in the back seat something can easily happen when it is the drivers turn to drive and they arent paying attention to the road or whats going on becuase they depend on the car to do everything. another reason why driverless cars are dangerous is because it could cause a crash. if the car isnt alert when its sudden road changes or if something instantly happen like a crash infront of it then thedriverles car could crash along with it. also if its construction work and the car doesnt know about it the car might just take the wrong turn or go where its not supposed to go because it didnt know the sudden change of whats going on. also if the driver is expecting the car to kow what to do the driver might react late to the sudden changes and the car might just drive off the road or somewhere its not supposed to be. also if the traffic laws change and the car doesnt know it could run into another car and do something that could hurt the driver and other passengers. the last reason driverless cars are dangerous is because it could do the wrong thing at the wrong time. lets say something happens to the car or the cameras on it or radar gets damaged and now the car cant tell the difference between the yellow or green light. the car could easily speed up when its time to slow down and cause a crash with another car. the driverless car also might not know whats going on when people are at stop signs. it could be the other persons right away and the car might go and cause a crash to happen.also someone could push the brake and the car probaly thinks it should keep going to it might and cause a serious car crash. thats the main reasons why driverless cars are dangerous. they can cause something bad to happen, th driver of the car might not be alert when they need to be and the car could do the wrong thing at the wrong time. all these reasons could lead to a car crash which could cause the people in the car to die. thats why i am agaisnt driverledd cars.