explore the unknown planet venus with smartness and work. venus is a worthy pursuit of studying where it have values of discovering new knowledge and the finding more about the planet itself. scientist could discover the difference between our planet and other planets by atmosphere, geographic, time and speed. that is why venus is a great challenge to us for humans to study. first, in the text, venus often referred as earths twin since astronomers thought that venus used to be a planet with many different life forms. the planet have suface of rocky sediment similar to our valleys, mountains, and craters. the planet might be a survivable place for humans but, not in a good environment. the second reason, it is a diffcult challenge. venus is the hottest planet in the solar system. venuss thick atmosphere have almost  percent carbon dioxide that human can not breath it. they have limited time to breath if they are on planet venus. it have atmospheic pressure that is ninety times greater than planet earth. and thats not the only problem, the text say that, even more challengeing are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. these condition are more dangerous than other human could ever encouter on earth but, the worth of discovery is an enormous value for better technology. the third is that researchers could come up with new better technology that can survive longer in worst condition. one of them is computers from modern time, since, they are enormously power, flexible, and quick. and the other is using a material made for electronics named silicon carbide since silicon can survive on venuss surface for three weeks. humans can actually survive on planet venus but not for very long time. discovering new knowledge with studies of venus can lead us with equal thought of mind. this proves that this have some value from going through dangerous challenge and hardwork. new ways for better survival is a worth to accept. be always up on your challenge for new discovery.