driveless cars should indeed be the next big thing. having a driveless taxi service will be even better for people who cant afford a stable transportaion everyday. starting off the cars may not be as safe but things will progess to get better to where you can trust your child being in a driveless car. having these cars will make streets more busier but it will help everybody get to where they need to be at a certain time. we are expecting to run out of oil in the next  years so trying to find a solution now is something that needs to be done now. cars are something we use everyday in the world, we will not be albe to use them is we have no oil so trying to find more better and less expensive ways are better. having a driveless car saves tons of many with not having to buy all of the time. cars will forever be needed all around the world for everyday use, rather its with oil or not we will forever need them. this was will be a very good way to continuing on to have cars and getting place to place. with technology being so good now, we can make a very safe drivless car that will attract everyones attention to switch over to a driveless car. not only will we not have to spend tons on gas there will also be less air pollution and that is something we need because air pollution is just going to continue on getting worse if we do not try to stop it now before it gets to hard for us human and also animals to breath than that will bring many health problems which leads on to death for humans and animals. if us humans lose our animals that us losing everything to where it wont be any man kind left here on earth. one tiny mistake could hurt everything, maybe driveless cars dont sound safe but you can only find out if you try them out. everything happens for a reason so maybe this is for the good and we have to get poeple to understand all of the postiv ethings that a driveless car has to offer to people. letting people know the pros and cons will change people minds knowing that the pros outweigh the cons. there is both good and bad things that can result of of this but we will never know until perople test it out. driveless cars are something that us as humans have to work on together to make it come true. viewing it as a postive thing will be a good way on making this come true. be more openminded sometimes we as people have to take risk to see what the results are. driveless cars will be a very good way for people to get transport.