in  the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a wothy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. exploring the solar system is one of the most fascinating things to explore. finding places that will inhabit life other than just earth is something that presents some challenges. is putting life in danger worth exploring venus? the author supports his idea by naming the consequences, telling us how we could benefit from exploring venus, and giving scientific reasearch. the human mind is filled with curiosity. the idea of living on another planted is exciting to some, but to others it seems too dangerous for exploration. the author states, in paragraph two, no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. if a spcecraft cannot survive more than a few hours on venus, then how can i human live of venus? the author also states, in paragraph three, even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these details from the text show just how dangerous it could be to explore venus at a closer look. the author does present all of the dangers of exploring venus. is curiosity worth putting lives in danger? the author gives some supporting evidence as to how we could benefit from exploring venus. the author states, in paragraph eight, venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our questions about venus would be answered by getting a closer look. the author also states, in paragraphs six and seven, many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. scientists are creating new and improved technology and spacecraft that we are benefitting from. the safety of traveling to venus is being improved. the research that will be done on venus will help us to grow more knowledgeable bout the solar system and the planets around us. learning more about a planet that could inhabit life is beneficial to us. we need to get a closer look at venus to aid our scientific research. the author states, in pragraph six, more importantly, researchers cannot take sample of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. we will never know if we can live on venus unless scientific studies are done. exploring venus will be dangerous even if we can improve our technology and spacecraft. our curiosity is what will drive us to explore beyond our fears. the author gave reliable reasons and research as to why venus is a worthy pursuit despite all its dangers. we should exoplore what is close to us. after all, venus is the second planet from our sun. paragraph one.