many cars havent been use in different countries , some cars have just been ban for cerain reasons. many says its from reason of pollutionin the air of the streets of paris. there have been many others some streets in the area are not allowing cars in the zone so they are car free zone. the smog made many affects towards the area , it created bike paths , side walks replacement. diesel gas vehicles made the most polluted smog in each area car ownerships have been making a big deal about large parking garages for the development which also comes with a home for ,. french and swiss borders vaubans streets are completely car free zones. more then about  percent of the vaubans families do not own cars. which also leads to  percent of them sold a car to move into the local area. most of the women and children use bicycle to travel around the area to get to place to place. the sitiuation got so bad that  percent of the passengers cars were responsible for greenhouse gas emission in europe. and  percent of some car intensive areas in the united states. many people tried to make an effort for the past two decades to make the cities denser. developments have started to change since world war ii , david goldbreg made efforts for the transportation for america amd fast growing coalition of hundreds of groups. in new york suburbs with out spread out homes and private garages were the dreams town of the s and still exert a strong appeals. why did paris ban driving ? after days of the pollution recorded nears to high rates to a danger zone. the pollution causes motorists to leave their automobile at home or get fined  euro ,many reports were saying almost , drivers have been fine because they chose to drive their cars. the smog congestion was down to  percent because beijing,china was one of the biggest cities with most polluted cities in the world. diesel fuel was one of the worst ways to travel around with ,because it causes alot more pollution,diesel makes up to  percent of vehicles in france compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe according to reuters. the smog created a car free day , the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital ofcity of seven million. many violaters faced a  fines, municipal authorities from others countries came to bogota , improvements campaign in the mid s. the smog also created a  mile paths for most latin american city according to mockus,the city mayor. some sidewalks have been replaced by broad ., smooth sidewalks, rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic. president obama ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions unveiled. america adjusted the population growth, the number of driven miles in the united states peaked in  anmnd dropped steadily. by the many measures the decrease preceded the downturn and appear to be persisting now that will be recovered under way. over the years driving has been decreasing because of the polluted areas in other countries. but many citizens refused to ride bike or take buses for transportation. so the causes has everyone to end of the car culture.