fellow citizens should know about the advantages of limiting car usage. it is less stressful and it saves money. it does not pollute the air as much and keeps the global healthier. limiting the car usage helps a alot to the citizens and to the earth. one advantage of limiting car usage is that it is less stressful and it helps you save money. from source , hedirun walter said  when i had a car i was always tense. in the community you could own a car but you were not allowed to park wherever you wanted. you had to park it in large garages and you have to buy space for , with a home. so most people didnt have cars but they were saving lots of money.  percent of vaubans families do not own cars and  percent sold there cars to move to the community. most of the people liked walking around the community or just taking the transportation they gave them. it peaceful and less traffic. another advantage is that it reduces pollution and also reduces global warming. from source , after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. if they did not leave thier cars at home they would have to pay a fine, euro . after they have had the cars off the streets congestion was down  percent in the of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... the cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer to trap car emissions. they also blamed the diesel fuel...a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. diesels make up  percent of vechicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesel engines.. from source , colombia had a carfree day where all colombians hiked, biked, skated or took the transportion buses to work. for  years they have been doing this being they wanted to reuduce the smog. people who disobeyed had to pay  fines.  its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,said businessman carlos arthuro. since people have started waliking or riding bicyles, they have improved the city by fixing the uneven sidewalks and making them smooth. also since there is no traffic,  new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. in conclusion, there are many advantages limiting car usage. it saves money, helps the enviroment and a humans health. limiting the car usage teaches the citizens that we also have to car about the enviroment and that is it less dangerous.