imagine someone receiving a text that happens to be an emergency, but they are on the interstate and can not pull over to respond back to the text, that they have just received. this is the reason that driverless cars need to be released to the public more. driverless cars have both postiive and negative attributes. however, these cars have more positive attributes than they have negative. driverless cars are safe, reliable, and helpful for the passengers and other drivers. driverless cars can be really safe for the driver and the passengers within the driverless car and for others around them. according to the article, driverless cars are coming, most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. however these driverless cars are not completely driverless, there is a driver behind the wheel at all times, just in case if there is an accident or construction ahead so that the driver behind the wheel can take over the control, until they are past the interference. driverless cars can also be reliable and helpful for drivers. the cars drive themsleves for the most part, and the driver is supposed to be paying attention to the road at all times. however, they could receive a text or a call that might happen to be an emergency, so in turn they would be distracted. these cars could lower the deaths of texting drivers by a considerable number. most everyone texts while they are driving even though some if not most of the states in the u.s. have laws against texting and driving. many people disregard this law, and police do not stop these people that are texting while driving. the deaths and accidents are really bad in some states, so the state government have put laws in place so that drivers can not even be on there phone while the car is in operation. california is one of these states that has this law, and if drivers are caught driving while texting they can possibly get a huge fine. that is why driverless cars can be helpful and reliable for the drivers within these cars. however these driverless cars also have some negative attributes. these cars could happen to be really expensive. also according to the article, driverless cars are coming, ... in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. there are many laws put in place so that these cars can not even be tested. driverless cars can be safe, reliable and helpful for the passengers and other drivers. these are the reasons that driverless cars should be used. the positive attributes outweigh the negative attributes.