there are many ways of limiting car usage. some advantages of limiting usage are people are much happier and safier, you dont have to hear the aggravating sounds of motors and tires screeching by, and air pollution is decreased majorly. in the first passage, heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two children stated, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. by this she means she doesnt have to worry about her or her families safety as much, being on the road is a lot more dangerous than walking. driving you can never tell when theres going to be an accident, everything just happens so fast. there is nothing you can do to prevent car wrecks from happening. you may do everyting in your power to be a safe driver but there will always be other people on the road not paying attention and cause a crash that you cant prevent. walking where you need to go is the safest way to get around. you dont have to worry about car crashes or worrying over your families safety. another example of the advantages of limting car usage in passage one is, not hearing the screeching sound of car motors or tires flying by. instead of hearing the familiar sounds of cars passing by you hear the joyful sound of children wandering around or riding their bicycles. people find it more calming to hear the sound of a child enjoying themselves instead of hearing the roaring and deafing sound of vehicles going by. when people are at home trying to relax they do not want to hear loud noises through their neighborhood. thats suppose to be their winding down time to escape from everything. without vehicles people would be a lot more calmer, and relaxed. the last example came from the second passage. it states that there is a major decrease in air pollution in paris as they enoforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. one day they ordered people with evennumber license plates to leave their cars parked or suffer having to pay a fine. in the text it states that, almost , drivers were fined and twentyseven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. with this being done congestion was down sixty percent in the capitol of france. by them taking control they reduced the amount of air pollution in paris. by limiting the usage of vehicles we make people a lot happier and safeir, you dont hear the annoying sounds of cars screeching by, and last but not least air pollution is decreased in a huge amount.