can you see us having driverless cars in the future? i can see it but im not fully for it. there are many problems that would come with these type of cars. but i know it would be so awesome to have these in our future. it would be like a dream come true, it would be like a reality of the movie back to the future. it would immeditately affected everyones life and to be honest, i dont even think most people would have the money for these driverless cars. it would also effect us politically, our environment, and also our economy. most people probably think this would be a good thing and so did i but the whole process of it would absolutely be way too expensive. this is a life changing movement and i believe it will happen but probably not any time soon. in the article driverless cars are coming the author said that they have cars probably as smart as they can get them but what about smartroads? they would have to work on all roads all over the united states and how long do you think that would take? think about it. manufacturers still havent even figured out the whole driverless part. you would still have to be alert and sometimes take over when pulling in and out of driveways or when going through complicated traffic issues. like navigating through roadwork or accidents. but besides all the negative aspects of driverless cars, there are many positive things. it would be better and energyless when traveling from place to place. google has cars that drive independently under certain circumstanes since . their cars are said to have driven more than half a million miles without a crash but still arent truly driverless. tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of drivng in autopoilet  percent of the time says the author of the article driverless cars are coming. these cars seem like it would take a long time to be released based on laws and what not. but they might actually be worth it in the long run. maybe after years of them being out and safe, everyone worldwide will have these surprising driverless cars. people might actually love them and think why couldnt they been out sooner. maybe my opinion will change after the years. who really knows what will happen, if this will turn into a disaster or will they become very successful and amazing. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have their driverless cars by . do you think its possible? yeah, i think not. even though theres so many good things about these so called driverless cars, theres still so many problems that can affect us and the whole idea of these cars. we really dont know how safe they are or anything. theres so many things that have to change around us for this to even happen, such as laws and our environment. when these cars come out they will be very over priced for the average minimum wage worker. how do they think this will work? just to change the laws and our roads for a couple people that can actually afford these cars when they come out. theres stuff they still need to think about. but automakers are continuing their work and they believe the problems ahead will be solved. only time can tell now, were only in . well see what the future holds for us.