in the article driverless cars are coming,i think having driverless cars is a good idea. they say that these driverless cars had driven more than half a million miles without crashing, thats pretty awesome.many people dont like this new idea because they think its dangerous, it can cause accidents, the car wont work right or wont know what its doing. what they dont know is that, when the driver is in the car and they car is driving by itself, they arent truly driverless because they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. that right there tells you that, even if it doesnt sound safe it is safe because your car is really not driverless when it comes to stuff like that, you can control it whenever you want to control it, or feel like you have to. driverless cars aslo have a lot of good sensors like, positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof of the car, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar senors, a gps receiver, and lastly an interial motion senors. all of those senors are a very good use for your car and is very helpful throught the drive. the driverless car, can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch senosrs make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. in fact, none of the cars developed so far are not completely driverless. this car can steer, accelerate, and brake themsleves when coming upon a stop light or traffice jam, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skulls , for example, navigating through work zones and around accidents. the law does focuses on keeping the drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in some states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. such as, california, nevada, florida, anbd the district of columbia have led thye country in allowing limited uses of semiautonomous cars. by , automakers plan to have cars like a mercedesbenz, audi,and nissan drive by themsleves.