venus, other wise known as earths sister planet. in the article the challenge of exploring venus they talk about may parts of venus good and bad. home to alot of hostile enviroments such as a  carbon dioxide atmosphere and temperatures at around  degrees fahrenheit. believe it or not though, venus could have been like earth many years ago. with similar geographical features like mountians, vallys and craters, may suggest that life could have lived there. the author say that it would be worth our time to study venus despite its dangers. the author does a very good job supporting this quote by saying how we can study it and why we should study it. venus has a atmosphere that is very hot and acidic. with sulfuric acid strong enough to melt your phone from your hands, none of the robots we have sent have ever made it back. the national aeronautics and space administration nasa may have a solution to these enviotments that may help us get some more information on venus despite its hostility. which makes for a why for how we could study the planet. in the text it states, imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape paragraph . even though the tempaturese at this altitude would be still  degrees fahrenheit, the atmosphere pressure would be normal, and we would have solar power. then we could study the landscape of the planet more and we could learn more about the enviorment. with this knowledge, venus would be worthy to study even though it have dangerous conditions. another way we could study the planet is with new and old tecnology. it says that if we used the computers we use today which are fast and powerful, then we could risk them getting damaged or lost becuase of how delicate they are. nasa has though of another solution to this problem too. insted of using these comupters, why not use the mehanical computer. in the text it says, by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces paragraph . this way, we could use the computers to find out much more about the planet then just what it looks like too. we could study the mass of the planet, what it is made of, and so on. which proves that studying venus is worth it. even with some of these things support his idea of studying the planet, he does take away from his idea. the text states, also notable, venus has the hottest surface tempature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun paragraph . this take away from the idea that we should study it. this thought makes it seem overwhelming to go and study venus. they do a nice job recovering by using nasas idea of a blimplike structure to take care of some of the heat issue. he also supports his idea by clearly stating that this would make the planet easy to study. venus, the roman god of love, may not seem so kind on the looks of the planet, but with the new ideas scientists are coming up with and the testing that nasa is doing, the idea of a closer study of venus might not be so far after all. even though weve been presented with the struggles of the planets hostile enviorment, we as humans have been intrigued with the planet and wont stop untill we know the planet. we have the ideas of how to study it and why we should, we just need to do it. these, as stated from the author, are the reasons we should should study venus.