seagoing cowboys arent like pirates, or like land cowboys that rob people and do aweful things. they help out people when they are recovering from the terrible things that hitler and world war ii brought them. when you sign, up you dont have to risk doing army time and going to fight becasue when you are a seagoing cowboy, it counts for your service time. also, you get to see the world and how other people are living and how cultural our world is. in this essay i will tell you reason why is i know i did the right thing by sighning up to be a seagoing cowboy, and why you should sign up too! the most important thing that i was able to do was to help out my community and beyond. when people were suffering from traumatic losses and hunger i was able to help heard and bring animals to the jews, germans, and aisans that were all suffering from the outcome of the war. they were in poverty and were in need of people to safely get livestock to them so they could eat and be whole again. i think that by sighing up you get that sense of heroism and you know that you did a good deed. i think that by also sighning up it really helps life or death problems. when i sighned up i knew that i would have to go fight for my country and maybe even die in battle. so, i turned  during my first trip and i knew i would have to stop what i was doing and to go serve in the army. but, when i went to go speak with the army, they said that helping to bring food to families wounded in the war counted as war time. i overjoyeced becasue i loved to do what i was doing and i didnt want to have to end that. also because i didnt have to risk dying! phew, thankgoodness! so thats why you should also sighn up so you dont have to go out and get shot! i also realized how big of an oppertunity it was and how much of the world i was going to be able to see. the cattleboat trips where an unbelievable oppertunity for a smalltown boy like me! i had the benifit of sight seeing europe and china. i saw the acropolis in greece, and took a gondola ride in venice, italy, with streets of water! water people, i mean who would pass that oppertunity up? i toured an excavated castle in crete, and awed at the panama canal on my way to china. grece was very speacial, and china was amazing! when you take the chance of going out and doing things in the world you get see magnificent things. even when your traveling between countries, you get to experiance marine life and biology! see? thats the thrill of it all, that you get to be a real hero, not die, and see the world through your own two eyes! now people might say that you dont get to see everything and you need to die for your country. dont listen to them, they are just being cynical. you make the decisions and you dont need one bad review to change how you feel about doing something! people might just judge you, but guess what they are just jealious that you get to see the world and be a true hero. that is why you should sign up to be a seacowboy. you never know where tomorrow will take you! im going to try to immitate uncle sam now, we need you to be a seagoing cowboy!