face action coding system facs is a system designed to analyze and predict what emotions are being shown on a human face. the software can detect happieness, surprise, anger, fear, disgust, and sadness. in the article making mona lisa smile, the author describes facs being used to display ads, change video games, and analyze school children to learn wether they are bored or confused. this however brings up some questions in respect to analyzing school children and some dangers as well. facs should not be used in a clasroom to analyze school children. to start off, this software is very challenging for a normal computer to run, as in the article dalto states your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms... dalto . this statement says that a home pc cannot run facs which means neither can a school computer as the two are practically identical. if this is the case, for facs to beincorporated into the class room, a huge overhall of computers would need to be made. this would require a lot of money from the school system that the school sytem does not have. another argument against the incorporation facs into the classroom is the chance of a breach in security. this facs system, if used in a school system, could be installed on every computer in the building. this means there would be constant survailence from the cameras on the computers that would be searching for a students face to analyze. if these cameras were hacked by an outside person or group, the system would show the hackers everything happening in the school at that time. this breach in secruity could cause catasrtophic occurances ranging from a school shooting where the shooter knows exactly where each person is in the building to a mass heist from theives late at night. fianlly, along with the two reasons stated above, facs could also cause numerous teachers to lose their jobs. as stated in the article, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused ot bored... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. dalto . this shows that facs can manipulate and change the work a student is doing to fit that students needs. because of that, physical teachers would no longer be needed to make, change, or teach a lesson as the computer software is already doing so. this could cause thousands of teachers to lose their jobs sonce they would no longer be needed. overall, facs is a unique and advanced system that is amazing at analyzing human emotions. however, because of the high processing cost, risk of security breach, and the fact that it would cause thousands of teachers to lose their job, the software should not be incorporated into classroms to read students emotions. instead, it should be used in other ways that the article states including web ads and video games.