in the article, driverless cars are coming, both aspects of these cars are presented, whether you are for them or against them is another opinion, but i think that these cars wontt seem as nice as they say in the article. in the article, paragraph two, it states that google has made cars that could drive on their own since , but they still havent made them completely driverless. but have they tested these cars with everything that a human driver has to get through daily? more than likely no. it says nothing like that in the article at all. why does this matter? human drivers have to be alert at all times for anything. they have to pay attention to what they are doing on the road, people on the side walks, cars around them, street signs, traffic lights, weather, even animals crossing the road, and much more. are these cars going to be able to do all that as a human would? maybe, but then again, maybe not. if you think about it, they said that some states wont allow them to test drive these cars because of the safety of others. what if the car decides that the driver need to take over, but the driver is destracted, even if the car gets their attention, and the driver looses control and causes an accident. will the car know what to do in an accident? in paragraph seven, it says that the car cant drive by itself and needs the driver to take over when they come to work zones and other accidents. with these cars, the people driving them are probably not going to pay as much attention as they really need and as much as we think that they really will, and this may cause problems within itself. these cars could start to form bad habits for humans as drivers. making these cars avaliable to humans could cause more problems than help. we have to think of the safety of the people around the car and about the people that are going to be in the car. if the car malfunctions, what will happen to the people around and in the car? these cars could be considered more of a danger to people more than helping the people. we need to worry more about how it will affect people just as much as how it will help them too. if it does more harm than good, what is the point of making the car in the first place. in paragraph nine, it talks about how laws will need to be changed for these cars. what will this mean for the people that dont own these cars? will they still have to follow the rules of the road today, or will they have to now have to follow the rules that were made for the other cars? not everyone will be able to get one of these cars staight off the market as soon as they come out, we will still have some of the same cars that we have today later, and wont be able to get rid of all these cars fast enough that are drove on the roads today. next, who are they trying to sell these cars too? are they selling them to the people that have more money, or are they also going to try and sell them to middle class and lower class people? how expensive are these cars going to be for us to drive, or by in that matter? will people with larger families be able to by one that is big enough for their entire family, or will they have to buy mulitple just so that their family can do something together? in conclusion, i honestly think having these cars could just be another idea that is wasted because it will only benefit a few people and not everyone. these cars could be a safety hazard to others on the streets and sidewalks if the car maulfuntions, and even can harm the people inside of the car. i think that we need to worry about the safety and efficiency of the car more than what it can do for the people in the future. we should worry about what will happen to the people now, more than what it will be like in the future. either way, i think that this isnt the greatest idea ever, and that it shouldnt be allowed unless it will help more people and not just a few here and there.