i think having a driverless cars will be a good idea. thats because i see more good in the things it can do than bad. here i will list out a couple of why there should driverless cars. the first reason i see why its good because the manufacturers has test the driverless cars. the result of it was that the car drove more than half a million miles with out crashing. which is said in pharagraph two. this clearly means it is capable of being a driverless car becasue it could travel so far with out an accident. next the driverless cars also has a bunch of features that will help it to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. the car features that the car will or more likely have is sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and lastly a inertial motion sensor. becasue of all of those the statement that says it can mimic a human at the wheel could be or is true. this information was found in pharagraph four. lastly the senors can cause the car to apply the brakes and reduce power from the engine which allows a better responce and control compared to a human driver. thats not the only thing the car can control. the car can also steer and accelerate by themselves. the catch the car will notify the driver when the road needs human skills. meaning it will need a driver to actually take control when it is going through work zones and around accidents.due to that program the driver still needs to stay alert, aware the surroundings, focus on the road and is ready to take over at any moment when a situation appears. to notify the driver the seats of the car will vibrate when it about to back up into an object. to announce the driver when to take over the driverless car will have flashing lights on the windshield or have a heads up display. those are the reasons why i believe driverless cars is a good thing. due to all the alarm systems telling the driver when to take over this might prevent texting a driving. also that is a step forward to becoming more advanced. so as time goes on automakers or known as the manufacturers will continue to fix problems that the car might have making it better and safer. sooner or later it will be a perfect highly advance car in the future. the first step is always the hardest because no one knows what it will do.