the face on mars is a landform seen in photographs of the surface of mars. some people believe that this landform is proof that alien life exists and that this landform was created by said aliens. however, there is plenty of information to disprove this. this information is found in the article, unmasking the face on mars. the article, unmasking the face on mars, states, some people think that the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars evidence that nasa would rather hide, say some conspiracy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. this statement suggests that nasa would have no reason to hide evidence of alien life, as this would benefit nasa greatly. if nasa had discovered evidence of alien life, nasa would have presented it as such. later on, photographs were taken of the landform once again. however, the camera had to peer through whispy clouds to see the face. because of this, some skeptics believed that alien markings were hidden by the haze, which is shown in the quote, perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by the haze. in response to this, another picture was taken on a cloudless day, showing that the face was nothing more than a natural land form. this landform is similar to some of the landforms on earth, as shown by the quote, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. another quote to prove that the face is similar to formations on earth is, it reminds me most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho...thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. this suggests that the face could have been formed much in the same way as the earth formation mentioned in the quote. the fact that, in the photographs of the fornation, there is no evidence to prove alien life is also a factor to consider. a quote by garvin shows why this is an important peice of information to consider. as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size...so, if there were any objets in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! this proves that because no evidence of alien life can be seen in the pictures, means that there is none. in these pictures, claims garvin, you could discern objects easily and tell what they are. if so, nasa can easily confirm that this land formation is natural and that there is no evidence of alien life. thus, the face on mars is a natural land formation. if it was evidence of alien life, nasa would have presented the information as such. nasa would have then pursued the lead that proved alien life exsisted by attempting to find this alien life or more evidence to prove that alien life exsisted. nasa would have beneiftted greatly if the face had been created by alien life forms. this formation is also very similar to some land formations found on earth. if such formations are found natrually on earth, could they not also be found naturally on other planets? this land formation on mars is natrual, as similar land formations are found naturally on earth and nasa finding proof of alien life would have benefitted them greatly. if these things are true, then the face on mars is a land form that occurred naturally, and we, the people of earth, have yet to find evidence that alien life exsists in our univserse.