venus venus is the closest planet to earth and in terms of density and size. venus is a very interesting place that scientists are always trying to find a way to discover new things about venus, but that the planet is so inhospitable. astronomers are so amazed by venus because venus may be the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus can have some features that the earth has and that its our nearest option for a planetary visit. venus can be a challenge to us because we human have curiosity what that planet can offer to us. venus has some smiliar and difference to earth because they both have different speed on the way they orbit the sun. venus can be a challenge to us because it can be hard for us to get there. in that the degree temperature on venus surface is over  degrees faherenheit and that atomsperic pressure is  times greater than we experience on our planet. even though that mercury is closer to our sun venus has the hottest surface temperature. the national aeronautics and space administration wants to send humans to study venus so they can answers to there questions that they have. to study venus, it has risks because researchers cannot take samples of rocks, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore scientists are trying to find ways to get a close up look or to get things from there to take back to earth, but in order to do that there are risks. researchers are trying to build machines that can last long, at least to get some information about venus. the national aeronautics and space administration are simplifing some electronics and trying to look back to an old technology called mechanical computers. venus has gained value to humans because we are so curious when we find out something new and we just need answers in order for us to stop being curious. the whole main thing is that humans always face new challenges and with those challenges we try to overcome it. venus made humans curious because there are some smiliarties and differences about earth. but in order to try to find answers there can be risks. humans always tries to find ways to get answer, facing new obstacles, building new stuff, or just predicting things. venus is a new challenge for us, but with the right techniques we well find answers.