i am against the devleopment of smart cars. although the development of smart cars has advanced greatly, people cannot relax with these driveless cars and still would have to drive around work zones and accidents. i am also against driveless cars because the laws dealing with car accidents would have to be revised. when the technology of these smart cars fail and people get injured or killed, the law has to decide if the accident was the fault of the manufacturer or the driver. drivers cannot sit back and relax in these driveless cars because these smart cars still require the skills of human hands to navigate around work zones and accidents. this means that smart cars would require the attention of humans. so drivers can not relax with these smart cars and wait for their turn to drive because these smart cars would still require human skills to drive. the laws would have to be revised around accidents involving driveless cars. although precautions are made to prevent smart cars from having an accident such as sensors, the possibility of people getting into accidents in these smart cars is not entirely gone. even if these driveless cars are proved to be more reliably safe in the future, laws would have to be revised and new laws would have to be created for accidents involving these driveless cars. when the technology of these smart cars fails and people are injured or killed, the laws would have to make the decision if the manufacturer or the driver was at fault. drivers cannot not relax in these driveless cars because these smart cars still require the skills of humans to navigate around work zones and accidents. these smart cars still need the attention of humans, meaning people woudl need to wait for their turn to drive. laws would also be revised adn new laws woudl have to be created in order to decide if the manufacturer or the driver is at fault in accidents involving these driveless cars. i am against these smart driveless cars because these smart cars are not entirely safe nor reliable.