limiting car usuage will give us many benefits. a projects such as vauban and bogota were completed to show us the multitude of advantages recieved from it. reducing car usuage would be excellent for our enviorment. research shows us that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenshouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united statesrosenthal. our world is very materialistic and sometimes we forget that to even have life, we must have the enviorment. cars owned by the burgeoning middle class are choking citiesrosenthal. therefore, limiting the amount of cars would allow us to have more efficent green houses, and more land area for plants. money is also a huge factor here. the government spends hundreds of thousands of dollars each year in the transportation department. by lowering the number of cars on the road, the less wear and tear is done to them. this would be beneficial in many departements because then we would have more money for the things we need but cannot afford in our area and or country. infact,  percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only  percent to other transportationrosenthal. driving also causes stress. traffic jams, new or confusing road signs, attitudes of passengers, are all distributions of stress, especially when you get lost! if the amount of driving we did by ourselves was cut back, we could also cut back stress. bogota helps to prove this, and even says that violaters of no car day were fined selsky. lastly, if we do not put a stop to so much driving, our personal health may be in risk. according to souce , the car industry is the second largest in the world. this means that the air is constantly being pulluted with exhuast. which also means that whats in your lungs at this very moment, could be a lot more than just oxygen. its very scary to think that the same chemicals it takes to run your car, might just be whats floating around in your body. this could lead to multiple health problems and future diseases. therefore, this issue needs to be taken control of immediately. in conclusion, reducing car usuage would be an amazing thing to do for oursleves and the people around us. we would save our air and bodies from being polluted, we would save money, and save time not stressing out. who doesnt want these things? limiting car usuage would be a fantastic idea.