with the new facial action coding system facs, old boundries can now be broken. this new system allows special computers to recognize the emotions a peson is expressing. the software is so advanced that it can even depict if someones presented emotions are real or forced. dr. thomas huang, who invented facs, agruges that this technology would be a great improvement in classrooms, and he is right. by using a facial action coding system, it would help engage students in their acedemics and allow them to reach a new level of potential. if the facs was in classroom, their computers would have the capacity to detect when a student is bored, confused, or frusterated. having technology that could read students emotions would allow the computers to detect if students were bored, not challenged, or struggling, which would make the computer then modify the lesson, predicts dr. huang, to be more interesting, advanced, or activate helpful tools. this would be a major improvement in schools. if facs was implimented in schools, students would be less likely to get bored, left behind, or stressed. if the facial action coding system when into affect, and student no longer felt bored, stressed, or left behind, think of how that would change students potential! students would have improved gpas and grades. they would be less likely to fall short in classes, and therefore take more advanced classes. it is even likely that more students would not drop out of high school, and more would get into college, and with better scholarships. most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, states dr. huang. so computers need to understand that, too. if computers in high schools were able to understand their users feelings, the students would have greatly improved learning experiences. when there is an increase in educational tools that help students, they will be more likely to succeed. if students had the oppurtunity to benefit from facs in high schools, their impact on society could be so much greater.