in the time we live in today everybody or almost everybody has a car. thats how a lot of us get around. people that were raised in the twenty first centry thinks that theres something wrong with buses or taxies. i truly believe that theres nothing wrong with taking cars off the road for a day or so. maybe we should try it. saving the planet by doing something minor wouldnt hurt anyone. its a good oportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. this is absolutely true because our enviroment is already gettin clogged up with bad air pollutions. also, people stress about getting some where on time.the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. maybe, the united states should consider it as a campaign as of trying to teach younger kids that everything isnt just about having a car. taking another transportation that doesnt consider your car will help you realize that you can go out and explore outside of your car. cars shouldnt really be your frist priority. municipal authorities from other countries camt to bogota to see the event and were enthusiastic. these people are generating a revolutionary change. limiting car usage is like everyone who smokes cigaretts stop for a limited amount of time. its a wonderful thing to do especially when its cutting down on bad pollutions in the air.  percent of appropriations have by law gone to the highways and only  percent to other transport. this is real selfish of the united states , this lets me know that even though we have our own transportation they dont really want to take care of the other transportations we have because they feel as if their not important to us. as far as i know a lot of people still rides buses,taxies,or even walk because they dont have cars. we should definetly take a day to leave our cars at home and get around by other transportations. cars arent bad to have. they actually help in a lot of ways. we could always use a time to save the planet from pollution , accidents anything thats possible to happen in a car. especially, if its going to help in the future or even help in the present. that time should start now .