the face on mars. many pepole think that its more than what it is. they think that were hiding something. that maybe what we found was something that we didnt want you to know. however, i can assure you that if their was anything going on in the solar system, that we would tell you because, well thats our job. our job is to analyze the solar system and keep the public informed on anything that is happening outside of earth that normal citizens couldnt see for themselves. if their was life or anything else on the moon of mars we would have seen it by now. also, we would benefit from their being something special about the moon of mars. another thing believe it or not we wouldnt keep something that could change the way that we live to ourselves. we would have seen something extrodinary by now. the picture that was taken in april of  would have shown you anything else that sat nearby the face. also in an earlier picture they determined that the mouth, nose, and eyes on the face were shadows. they were not built into a structure the way that they would have been if indeed the structure was built by other forms of life. this also just popped up, if say someone or somethign did build it then it would have progressed. it wouldnt have just came to in one of our pictures. however, if say an asteroid had hit the planet, then it could have caused the same thing that had happened here. on another note, anyone that knows anything about nasa knows that we get funding from the government. when we get funded from the government obviously they need people to check things out. the people that check things out are obviously going to get paid because that is their job. so if were going to get paid more and more money to try to find life on the moon of mars then why wouldnt we want their to be life on the moon. the funding that nasa gets isnt little. some people would have the oppertunity to make allot of money. it would also give nasa a chance to get people interested in what they do for a living. the whole point of our jobs is to go to school to learn how to see things that happen in space beyond what we already know. we want to help and make a difference and keep people informed on what else is out there. so if we found something again we would want you all to know about it because we could teach you something. so many people think that our job is stupid and useless because all we do is stare at the stars. this would be a good way to show everyone that what we do is real. we really do see things that the rest of the world didnt know about. most kids dont want to be an astronomer anymore they want to be doctors or lawyers. so showing them that what we do is important would be a good thing for the kids. we alll want whats good for the kids so why wouldnt we tell them? life on the moon of mars. it sounds plausable. it sounds amazing. so many good things could come from the fact that there is life on mars that it is unreal. however i can assure you that there is nothing there. the face on mars, its just a natural land formation that we took a picture of over the years. nothing more , nothing less.