a face to remember a distinctly human face, nearly two miles in length, stretches across an arid, barren landscape. this came to be known as the face on mars. it is a highly debated topic, being that some believe it was made by intelligent lifeforms, and others believe it to be a naturally formed landform. the latter is, beyond the shadow of a doubt, correct, the reasons range from picture evidence, to the same landforms forming on earth, to the fact that it would help nasas budget immensely if life were to be discovered on other planets. to begin with, concrete photos have been released to the public that clearly show that the face is merely shadows cast onto a natural landform. since the beginning of its discovery in , scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharoah. guess what? they were right, because in , mars global surveyor brought back a photo of the mesa that was in the ...absolute maximum resolution, and it perfectly showed the mesa for what it was a naturally formed chunk of land. another thing distinct about this landform is that we have similair, proventobe natural landforms on earth. to quote garvin, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. this means it is an undeniable truth that these kind of things can form naturally. of course because something can, usually means that it will, so, without denial, this landform is proven to be real, and able to form. the final fact of the matter is that nasa would get an enormous amount of funding if they could prove there to be life among the stars. so the truth is, ...defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. this discovery would lead to a piqued interest in space, and a need to conduct further research, meaning people would begin to give more donations to this new, interesting cause. in the end nasa would benefit, and the point is proven wrong. over all, consiracy theorist seemingly wish to stir the masses, and make distrust flourish, but most times their theories are easily dissproven. the theory of the face on mars was simple, and very wrong. the topic of solid photographs seems not to be enough, but the similair landmarks being on earth, and the way it would positively effect nasas budget should be. after all, there may still be life on mars, for this is but a bump on a planet.