driverless cars are in the future. googles cofounder, envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars for a publictransport taxi system. sergey brin believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. driverless cars have been a vision of the future for some time. according to the text television and movies have long been facinated with cars that could drive themselves. the movie industry has made selfdriving cars a dream for the future of technology. but engineers are making them a reality. an example from the text states that, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than a million miles with a crash. but googles car are not completely driverless yet, they alert the driver to take over in certain conditions like, pulling in and out of driveways and navigating through roadwork. driverless cars are slowly becoming a part of the future. these cars are already being made and tested. driverless cars have pros and cons. for example, driverless cars could be a good thing for people that have disabilities and normally could not drive, these cars give them the option to go out and finally drive. but, these cars also have cons, the car could malfunction, and the driver wasnt alerted to take over. who would be to blame,if there was an accident, the driver or the manufacturer? these smart cars might not be as smart as people think they should be. today, in most states, it is illegal to test drive a computerdriven car. according to the text, there are only four states that allow semiautonomous cars to be driven on roads. driverless cars are for sure a thing to be seen in the future. manufacturers, engineers, and automakers are continuing to collaborate and brainstorm on how to make these cars more of a reality, and to fix any problems with the driverless cars that have already been made and that are being tested. these selfdriving cars will definitely change the world. but will it be for the good? that is what these automakers are trying to do, make a car to help people in everyday life.