although alot of people and states think that driveless cars are a bad idea. i think that they could be a great addition to our lives. driveless cars can help when you are busy with your children, they are handly when you have to much to handledo, and can assist you on long trips. driveless cars can come in handy when you have children. driving while you have children can sometimes be hasel. when you have a baby things get harder. babies need to be changed, fead, and or need some attention. with the drivless car you can fead, change, and give your new one some attention. little ones are not the only ones that you have to worry about. sometimes the older ones can be a big handfull. kids can get upset or angry at one another and do things that might not be acceptable. with the driveless care you can talk and help your kids get along. cars that drive themselves can be a great thing when you have a busy life. we all have those days where you have to go from one place to the next, pick up coffee for the people at work, drive the kids to soccer pratice, band rehersal, pick up groceries, finish your work that you brought home from work, help make copies for the kids school playfundraiser or just have to much on your plate for that day. think of all the things you can do while your car is driving itself. you can finsh the work you brought home while on the way to the kids soccer practice. your kids will not be upset with you because you dont have the time to take them to their after school activites because your getting your stuff done at the same time that you are on the road. you know that you hate to disapoint your kids and with a driveless car you wont have to. lastly but not certainly not the least. the driveless car can assisnt you on those long trips that we take in the car becasue we cant or do not want to spend money on plane tickets. those vacations that we take in the car can be so much easier. this car drives its self so you dont have to worry about you falling asleep on the road and having something horriable happen to you or and your family. drivers do get tired after a few hours of nonstop driving. think of all the famliy bonding moments you and your family can have when you have one less thing to worry about. think of the safty because you arent going to fall asleep on the road. a car that drives its self could be a great addition to our lifes. it can help when you have a new born or just have kids that are starting to learn from right and wrong., it can be a great stress reliever when you have to much to jugle for the day, and it can make long family trips so much easier and fun. however for know we have to drive ourself to the destination that we desire but hopefully technology will catch up and allow us to acess these wonderfull automobiles