hmmmm, i think it would be great to have others in the seagoing cowboys program. luke bomberger is apart of the seagoing cowboys program and thinks it would be great if new faces would join the program as well. so luke is thinking about how hed get the message out to people so they could probably be in the program. i should talk to the others and see what they think. luke said, so he spreads the word to the other guys and they all think its a great idea. luke was amazed everyone was wanting others to join the program also. all of a sudden luke thought to himself well be getting back on board in three more days. so he told the guys that they need to get the word out to as many people as they could instantainiously. so they thought of a plan then one of the guys blurted out and said, since were on land right now we could probably find a radio station around here. so the other guys gave him a high five and telling him thats an brilliant idea. so the guys took a map and started roaming around seeing if they could find a radio station. and about two hours later of searching they finally found a little radio station in the middle of no where. so luke lead the the group of gentlemen in the little radio station and spoted an old man drinking coffe just sitting there. so as soon as luke said excuse me sir?. the old man jumped up instantainioulsy and said, ahhh! who are you and what do you want?. so all the gentlemen introduced theirselfs and told the old man how trhey needed to let others know about their program and how they needed his help. so the old man responded with, whats in it for me? the gentlemen thought for a moment and one said, oh i know, if you let us use your thingy majigger here you can leave this boring job and come with us. so the old man thought for a moment and then said deal. so the old man turned on his machine to have all the guys on the radio then he counted down .........and action. so luke spoke first and said gentlemen and gentlemen come one come all to be apart of the seagoing cowboys program. then he gave out all the infomation then in less in two minutes the radio station started to get dozens of phone calls and all the men that called were excepted and flew out to where all the other men were. three day later it was time to take off and get ready to start sailing so lucas did a head count. the program started out with  members but when lucas was done counting the program had  members in all. lucas was happy with the success and progress that was made, so everyone got settled in and started to sail.