fifty years ago, a car was the american dream. every household in the country needed a bright, shiny vehicle in their driveway. times have changed since then, with new increases in technology, a global consumption crisis, and a bigger population than ever. in the past halfdecade a new breed of vehicles has dominated the agenda of some car manufacturers and interested parties. the selfdriving car has made its way into the hopes of the next generation of drivers. cutting edge companies like google, tesla, mercedesbenz, bmw, and audi have already taken leaps and bounds to the selfdriving car, or autonomous vehicle. but is this technology safe for the general public? though autonomous vechicles are still very new and experimental they are the future of driving. every year thousands of people are killed by driver related accidents. this includes drunk driving, textwhiledriving, and other distractions. after all drivers are people too and everybody makes mistakes. but what if it did not have to be like that? computers are far more reliable than humans and never get fatigued or tired after long hours on the road. these same computers are the brain of new selfdriving cars and they fail exponentially less than people do. a common critique of selfdriving cars is the trust of computers but statistics show that they should have nothing to be worried about. many times when people hear about selfdriving cars they think of vehicles that have no passengers, and while google does possess such technology that approach is not the use. the cars can also operate with the driver instead of dominating all driving. this is already shown in teslas model s and model x which have semiautonomous driving, able to steer, accelerate, and even park, this is also shown in the passage. bmws i and i can also assist drivers with driving, not nessesarily dominating the driver. driverless cars do not have to mean that only the computers are in control. which was a main focus of bmw as mentioned in the passage. while driverless cars are still way in the works, their benefits are undenyable with new semidriverless cars on the road everyday and more lenient state regulations the future of driverless cars are bright