facial action coding system is a good idea to have on all school computers and laptops. it was help the students with projects or even there work. it could also be good for a teacher to help teach there students how to do a problem they may not understand the problem. it is a very smart idea that they came up with and i think we should use it and not put it to waste. this could be a very good thing for students and them getting better education. by bringing this into our schools for students it could help them with there work to help make them understand something better. in the arctle dr. hung talks about how if they put this on a computer it could recognize when a students is becoming confused or bored with the problems or with whatever is going on, on the screen. if a math teacher gave you problems to try on the computer over something you just learned that day, your faces that you make while you are doing the work could help the teacher. it could help by letting the teacher know what problems the student made a confused faced on to let the teacher know what to go over with that student. in the article dr.hunag also talks about somethimg very simliar to what i said the sentence brefore. in his notes he talked about the computer being like a human instructor. so if you made a confused face while doing a problem instead of letting the teacher know it would just give you easier problems. i think this is the best idea for the use of this new technology. some students are smarted or learn faster than others so if the computers know that this person is more confused than the others, it could give them easier problems. think about all the things you can do with this new technology, you do use it to help you with problems on homework or even studing. this is a very useful tool for school and helping kids get a better education and i tink every school should have something like this for there students. if it was in my school i would for sure go and try this new technology to see how cool it really is.