benefits of researching a new planet whould you send someone to explore venus with even if we dont have the technology necessary?the author of the article the challenge of exploring venus has made some good point about why we should send if not but machines to explore venus.the author believes that it would be beneficial for us to explor venus using the technology that we have right now and the new technology that it has recently been invented for examplethe mechamical computers,the new idea that nasa has come up to and considering venus as a moving planet. first of all the author explains the old use of old technology called mechanical computer.this computers played an important role during the s word war two by making calculations using gears and levers, no electronics were needed for this computers. the author explains why the computer could be very useful to explore venus by saying that this computer are very powerful,flexible, and quick. the only problem would be that the computers are very delicated when is put to extreme conditions. secondly the author mentions an idea that nasa has come up to that could really help the explorationg of venus.the author mentions the idea of nasa of making a vehicle that could help the exploration of venus by hovering the surface of venus.the author explains that venus has a very high temperature but the vehicle would hover  miles overand avoid the bad ground. this idea that nasa has come up to its a good way for humans to visit and explore venus. lastly the author believes tha venus is not to different from earth and in the right conditions, humans could be living in venus. the author mentions how scientists believed that venus is the planet with the more like earth and how it could posibly at one time had oceans. research on venus could also explain that venus at one point could have and maintain life forms. this is why it would be worthy for humans to explore venus becuase it could posibly be the next earth. in conclution the author brought many points of why we sould keep on exploring venus from technology to even a new planet.the author has a very good understanding about the exploration venus and believed that it would be a good investment to explore it.