have you seen the face on mars? if so, do you believe it is natural or created by alien activity? many people believe the face is evidence of alien life however this is probably not the case. the mars global surveyor ,a mapping spacecraft, has passed over the area few times. however the few times it has passed over there has been no evidence of any form of alien civilization. this led us to believe it is just a natural landform. this all began when nasas viking  spacecraft was orbiting mars. viking  was snapping photos of possible landing sites for his sibling viking . in the midst of doing so viking  spotted what looked like a human face. this was extraordinary because it was on planet mars! when the images were leaked it led the public to believe that this is evidence of life outside of earths atmosphere. this might not be the case however. nasa believes that the face is just a natural landform similiar to a butte or mesa on that of earth. there was a lot more evidence pointing towards the side of nasa but that didnt put peoples hopes down. some of the public hoped and believed this was in some shape or form, evidence of extraterrestriel life. the pictures of the face on mars that nasa had were actually kind of foggy. they were foggy because the mars global surveyor had to get the photos through clouds. this then led people to believe that nasa was hiding something in the fog. they thought they were hiding the evidence of life. nasa, however wanted to show them this was not the case. nasa then ,a few years later, passed over the face on a cloudless summer day in cydonia, and rolled the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view. nasa eventually captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. this photo cleared up a lot of confusion. as nasa studied the photograph, they came to realize that the face was in fact caused by natural means. they then leaked the image to the public and cleared up confusion there too. however, there will always be that group of nay sayers. this group still wanted to believe that the face on mars was evidence of alien life. they still might believe that to this day. the face on mars has caused a lot of confusion and mystery in the world. many believed it was natural from the beginning and others not so much. some have even grown to believe it was natural other than caused by aliens. of course there are people still on both sides and as of right now we will never completely know the truth. we will know the truth when we go to mars. until then everyone will hold their peace and glorify at the mysterious face on mars.