the challenge if exploring venus is that you can learn alot of stuff. like while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth , it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely , or maybe we should think of them as challenges as all in one team or group. now each previous mission was unmanned, and fro good reason,since, no spacecraft survived the landing fro more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a singel spaceship has touched down on venus un more than three decades. and numerous factore contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its promity to us. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuic acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmosphere pressure is  times greater than what we experience on own planet now you really have to study this stuff so you can know about it. another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. theses devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in teh s during world war ll . not easy conditions, but survivable fro humans. however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photograpy and videography ineffective. most importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anythign else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to condut a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risk. or maybe we should think of them as challenges. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. my conclusion is thats you need to star doing research on the earth in where yall stay at and things about the world that you do not know about , or go out on trips in see new things or meeet new people . if you explore the world you will get to do these things or research is good it give you alot of information.