in the passage i learned about a new computer software that can read emotion and produce its emotional findings as a percentage. this new software reads a human face and constructs a d model of the face. all  major muscles must move like real human muscles. the compuer relies on facs or the facial action coding system. the computer has classified six basic emotions happiness,suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. and then associated each emotion with charicteristic movements of the facial muscles. it then compares the exaimened face with one that shows no emotion to determine what emotions the exaimened face is showing. people from around the world are now finding different applications for this new technology. the technology could be well suited for a use in the educational field. in paragraph  the author talks about how this software could be used in schools. he then goes on to compare it to being like an effective human instructor. so this software could be installed into a classroom computer. then as the lesson is being taught to students it would analyze the students expressions and proceed to modify the lesson. the way it could modify the lesson is to make it more hands on and interactive. do i feel as if this new technology could be the wrong use for its properties?yes, i do feel that way because humans are humans. as such they crave interaction between one another, i dont feel like adding a classroom computer in place of a human instructor would be a good idea. as far as its pros versus its cons go, it would be a well placed application for the software. as i said before it could modify a computer based lesson for the subject in which it is teaching. i dont think it will ever beat out the enjoyment of doing something with your hands in a classroom lab with the safety and security of a teacher lead course. yes, i agree that we are moving in a direction of computers being in place of instructors. but, i do not agree that we are moving so quickly in that direction that computers will take away the enjoyment of have a casual relaxing conversation with a teacher.