technology in recent years has gone through many incredible advancements .in the past few years it has been making things that seemed impossible a reality. things such as self driving automobiles. these wonders of technological beauty have the abilty to control and operate themselves without a driver. this is a truly marvelous feat that shows how far we as a society have come however this driverless cars should be seen as a mere fun idea. driverless cars should not be used in our society as the will cause far to many proplems just so we can be lazy behind the wheel. making a driverless car is no simple feat it requires numours things to operate effectivly. one item that these cars require are senors and lots of them. senors are used so that way the car can tell what is going on in traffic. however what happens if one of these systems fail at one point on the road. that right a tragic accident will occur that could lead to the loss of lifes for no reason just because a stupid glitch occured.the senors may be tested to make sure they dont malfuntion, but so is everything in this era and yet gliches and mistakes still happen in all of our everyday technology.our phones which are simple compared to a driverless car still have proplems all the time, and they have been tested and improved upon for far longer. these driverless cars arent even truly driverless. humans are still required to be behind the wheel to handle certain situations such as construction or road blocks.so whats the point of having one of these cars if at any point you can be thrust onto the wheel unprepared for what might be on the road at that given point.this fact truly ruins the convience of owning one of these cars as they fail to do their key function which is to operate on their own. these cars are also still only considered safe at mph which drastically reduces their overall usefullness to the consumer if they need to go anywhere at a reasonable pace. driverless cars also are not practical in todays time. imagne how many new types of tech stores would have to be opened to keep the senors on these cars running properley. how many times a year would someone have to get these senors checked? more importantly how much would it cost to fix one of these cars? the awswer is that we dont no as these cars are untried and untested. these cars also couldnt fit into our soceity where barley anybody will have the money to afford to keep one of these new cars. simply put driverless cars are intesting and facinating to watch. they are true marvels of the st century and show how far as a civilazation we have come. thes smart cars truly are driving us into a new age of wonder and increbile ideas however the day when these cars are used in everyday life still lies far over the horizon.driverless cars should not be implecated into our society because they are to impractical, expensive, and dangerous.