in the following ideas and information passage set we see the effects of using cars too much and how limiting our car use can have a huge impact on, not only our environment, but also on cities on people. limiting our car usage isnt only a thing that the united states has to work on, but we see that central america and europe also has to work on it. limiting our car usage isnt a small issue, but more of a global issue. over the years we have seen the effects of global warming something cause by fossil fuels, which is gas coming from our cars and how they have had an enormous impact on our world. so, why is liming our car usage even remotely important to us? in the second article paris bans driving due to smog, paragraph , the first thing it says is after days of nearrecord pollution.., well, what does this say about how were living today? paris so close to to being on record breaking pollution, not that its anything to be proud of. but, if thats how much pollution paris has, which is a famous city for not only being the city of love, but for also being big, how will every other citys pollution be? cities have been growing and expanding so much recently, factories are being built and more cars are being sold, how will this help limiting our car usage? if cities keep expanding, well just be adding to the pollution that already exists. after a couple decades all the issues we seem to be ignoring will come up and if the problems are bad now, how bad will they be in the future? this isnt just something we can ignore! like david goldberg says in paragraph seven in in german suburb, life goes on without cars all of our development since world war ii has been centered on the car... why have we been focusing more on a car than on health and medicine and cures for some illnesses? why is a car so important? yes it makes going to places much more easier and quicker, but at what cost will we go to to make things easier on us? it isnt jsut about the pollution caused from our cr usage, but its also about our health. there are fewer and fewer parks by the year because wed rather have all our tax money go towards roads instead parks. more malls are opening up and more fast food places are opening up on big interstates and highways, and now all we really have to being close to nature is when we pass by the trees near the interstates and highways. we need trees in order to have oxygen, but if all this pollution is slowly killing trees, how much more time do we have left before we realize its too late to try saving our trees and limiting our car usage? back then no one really worried much about limiting our car usage and pollution, because it wasnt that bad. now all you ever really hear is about pollution and how to stop it. even though we really have got to start limiting our car usage, there is still hope in lowering and or even stopping pollution. we could start off small, for instance, by having a day where no one is allowed to drive their cars to places or be fined if you do drive, like bogota, colombia does in carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. it mustve had a positive effect because it encouraged cali and valledupar, two other colombian cities, to participate in the event as well.