i agree with the author suggests that studying is venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents becasue first reason it is a good thing to study about a different planet, second in the past nobody know that venus is a planet, third it might be danger, but it is something that we should be studying about. first reason it is a good things to study about a different planet because if we all just studying about earth it will be getting boring, and we wont know anything about the other planet. according to the text  venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. when i read this quote i was already excited to learn about venus. as we study something different the more we are become smart. secodn reason, in the past nobody know that venus is a planet because they thought venus was one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. according to the text  venus, sometimes called the  evening star. they are having thought about venus like because they havent never see venus or study about the venus. this is the reason why i agree with the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. third reason, it might be danger, but it is something that we should be studying because the more we learn something new tge more we are getting smart. according to the text it say  in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun. i knew nobody cant go near the sun because we will be already melt if we go near to the sun. the venus is the second planet from the sun, and it is danger. even though we cant go up there and look what it is look like because it is danger, but we should at least study about it at school. in conclusion, i agree with the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents because it is a good things to study about a different planet, in the past nobody know that venus is a planet, it might be danger, but it is something that we should be studying about. these three reason are important because in future we can teach our kids about venus so that they wont be suprised when they found out that venus is a planet and it is the second planet from the sun.