in the article,driverless cars are coming, the author mentioned many benefits about the invention. things like selfsteering, selfaccelarating, and selfbraking seems intriguing. however, those benefits will not solve the multiple downfalls that the inventions will cause. the cars have not had enough trial or statisitic to prove that they bring mostly positive outcomes rather than negatives, it really is not driverless if it still nees assisting, and it will create multiple changes in our society. new technology have always excite people, but are driverless car really worth the hype? consumers do not maintain enough knowledge about the cars know that it will bring more positives than negatives into the society. in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. california, nevada, florida, and the district of cumbia had led the country in allowing limited use of semiautonomous cars. only a few states have given the okay to test drive these cars. even so they are only semiautonomous, making the car even more sketchy than it already seems to be. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. however, if you give most of those alerts to a computer, is that really safe? the driverlesss cars really are not driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating througgh work zones and around accidents. the cars can do basic driving functions but when it comes to the more complex tasks they depend on the driver themselves to execute the actions. the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. if the  driverless car still needs human assistance then its claim is quite contradictiv to the actual product. the invention of the car will cause mutiple changes in todays society. new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. this will cause many changes in our teenagers driving education as well as laws throughout the country. the cars hesergey brin foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. although the cars save the environment by using less fuel it will lead to the job loss of thousands of people in the public transportation industry. many people will be out of work due to the fact that their occupations are being taken over by driverless cars. the thoughts of driverless cars seem exciting but there is not enough facts and statistic to prover its liability, it is not really driverless, and it might cause many downfall to the society. this is a society that loves trend and new technologies. however, some of those techonolgies are not worth the hyper. driverless cars seem so modern and advance, but really there are multiple downfalls to them. safety is best achieved with alert drivers, not machines. the grass is not always greener on the other side, just like how driverless cars is not going to contribute to our society for the better.