driverless cars shouldnt be coming honestly. in my opinion, i dont like the idea of driverless cars very much. it seems a little bit too risky for me but im going to give some reasons why it would actually be a good reason to have driverless cars. first, you would be able to just sit back and relax and watch the road while youre waiting for your turn to drive. second, you could also grab something on the floor while your in the drivers seat, like if your kid dropped something in the back of the car and they cant grab it, you can try to grab it because the car will be in motion by itself, but you still need to be very cautious on the roads at all times. third, if you were running late to work or where ever you needed to be, you can make a quick phone call or send out a text and tell them that you will be late for whatever reasons. now, lets talk about the negative things. some of the negative things i dont like about this is that what is the speakers in the car went out and you cat hear the manufactuer of the car tell you when to take the wheel, or if the car automatically went out of control and you had no poweer or stering of the wheel youll be screwed then. to be completely honest, i wouldnt even try to drive a criverless car because i need to know for sure that im going to be safe when im in the car or driving with a person or a few people among that. i wouldnt feel safe at all, what so ever. espcially if i was in that car with someone else who is driving, i would feel very uncomfortable, wouldnt you? i mean, seriously. the manufactuer of the car probably doesnt always do its job right, even though it said in the passage that a driverless car has never been in a crash or accident, you dont know what the future holds and anything could happen at any point in time. the car could stop working at anytime too, espcially if it was a plug incharge car. quite frankly, i dont think i like this idea of a driverless car. it seems unsafe and risky, espcially if you have the wrong people in the car with you. if we all had no choice but to buy a driverless car, looks like im not buying one. ill be walking or biking everywhere i go. would you consider buying and using a driverless car for the rest of your life?