hello fellow debater! i see you believe that the rock formation on mars may have been created by aliens.as exciting as that would be for us in nasa that is sadley not the case.here are my reasons why. my three reasons for why the rock formation on mars was not created by aliens are one the formation has the same structure as a mesa,two the picture evidence,and three if aliens did make it would a be benafical to our belief theirs alien life and b theirs lack of evidence to support this theory. reason one! the formation is a natural mesa! through out the artical we are given hints to the formation being a mesa. in the intro it even says this.evidence in the text  paragraph tweleve suggest that the face on mars is mostley related to the butte in the snke plain of idaho says says garvin.this means the face on mars is closely related to rock formations found here in on earth. reason two! picture evidence! picture evidence from the various nasa spacecraft show us that. as the years went by and our technolagy we were able to get better and better picture resolution and were able to see the picture better. the picture taken by the viking  in was a  meter per pixel while the picture taken in  had a . meters per pixel which allows us to take better pictures to see what the rock formation really looked like which is a common day mesa. reason three! lack of evidence the lack of evidence about aliens on mars making the rock formation is evident. with little proof that the rock formation was made by aliens makes it hard to say aliens made it. this makes it even harder to prove aliens did this because the same struture of the rock formation can be found on earth in america also given how mars also has about the same size as earth and also having the same gargaphy its possiable that the tectonic plates under the surface of the plant did this. in short we wish it was created by aliens but it most likely wasnt. this is the end of my statement on why the large rock formation on mars wasnt created by aliens but instead was a mesa a rock formation we can find in modern day america. to recap my reasons on why i dont believe it was created by aliens one its a mesa, two picture evidence , and three lack of evidence it was made by aliens.