driverless cars seem like a good idea, but there are some aspects that go against it. there are many situations that could take place with a driverless car, but also the fact that they will not be made completely driverless. a person still has to be aware of the surroundings and be ready for any case that the car may stop driving and theywould have to take over. in the article driveless cars are coming, the author describes that the cars being developed at the moment, still do not meet the standards of being completely driverless. in paragraph , the author states that, in fact none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. these cars all notify the human driver when the road ahead requires human skills. this means thats the driver has to remain alert and ready to take over. a downside to a driverless car is the fact that the driver still has to be monitored by the humans inside. the humans could easily get bored andor fall asleep behind the wheel. the cars would have to alert the human that they need to take over. car manufacturers are considering using headsup displays that warn the driver when to take control of the situation. imagine if the driver is asleep and jolts awake after being awakened by the displays installed. the driver has the potential to hit the steering wheel and cause the car to swerve into a ditch or tree, maybe even fly off a bridge. the manufacturers are considering making one of the displays blinking flashing lights that are placed on the windshield, but what if they blind you and you cant adjust your eyes to the light, you grab the steering wheel and try to stop the car but it is too late. what if there is a mistake in the production of the car and the autopiolet of the car shuts off? who is at fault for the accident? the car is supposed to drive for you and you are supposed to be able to relax. what if a person that can not afford a smart car is speeding down the street while your car is driving for you? what if the sensors dont detect them fast enough? what if there is fault with the wiring of the car, caused by weather or overheating? the possibility of driverless cars seems like a dream come true but the reality of it is that there will never truely be a driverless car. the human inside will still have to be on guard for any possible situation in which the car cannot drive for itself. things such as the safety of others and the possibility of a malfunction should play a major key in the develomental process of these cars.