have you every heard of the face on mars? some people even think that the face was an alien. nasa the people who found the face on mars could say otherwise. nasa has many diffrent ways that this is not an alien. the three are that no alien monuments anywhere, that nasa spent countless time trying to make sure that they were wrong, and that the shadows and the lighting make it look like a face. the first reason why it is not an alien is because they looked for an alien monument and didnt find one. this either means that nasa took all that time and did not find one, or there is not alien monument which means that this being an alien is slim. not having a monument means that the aliens didnt have a home or a place to worship. nasa even had a camera ten times sharper than what they found the face with,michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper that the original viking photos. this goes to show that the monument and the aliens do not exist. the second reason is that they tried countless times trying to find more. they spent many years trying to find answers but they never found them. the only answer they got was that the alien they were hopping for wasnt present or was present. on april , , that was thier last try. they had amazing pizels but still got nothing, marlins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution . finally, the shadows made it look like it was a face. even though it looked like a face, we never know if a shadow hit it good enough that it made it look like that. nasa states that only this one had unusual shadows to make it look like an egyptian pharaoh, . this states that unusual shadowing made the mesa look unusual. the later years, the mesa looks less and less like a face. this shows that the face on mars looks more and more like a shadow. many years have been put into this face on mars. yet there is not that much they found. nasa would have got a lot of money if they found it. yet they turned it down because they knew that it was not an alien like they would have hopped.