what do you think of when you think about the future? for many people it is either jetpacks, smart houses, or driverless cars. there is good news because driverless cars are starting to become more of the present. there has been speculations about driverless cars being non positive. one thing about driverless cars are that they are not only positive, but effiecent, safe, and you still have control of them. driverless cars are no more of the future they are becoming more of the present and showing their dominace. the cars have always been here, but they are becoming more effiecent. according to the passage, driverless cars are coming, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . since then, the cars have been given more effiecent sensors for improvements. another positive aspect about driverless cars are that they are becoming more reliable and safe. driverless cars are starting to be safer then what they were before. the cars have sensors that became, more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontol skids or rollovers. the cars can apply brakes on each wheel, and take away less stress from the engine. they also made traffic jam assistant, where the car can handle driving situations up to mph. even tho the car can do everything on its own, you still have control of it. many people may worry that they have no control over the car, but that is incorrect. including information back from the passage, the car has speical touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. the passage always states, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. the cars still alert the driver when there are situations where the driver is better equiped for a certain postion. examples of these postions are, navigating through work zones and around accidents. in conclusion, i agree that driverless cars are positive. they are effiecent, safe, and you are still in control. the cars are only improving everday, and soon to be in everyones garage. the more time and resources put in driverless cars, the more negative influences will go away. driverless cars will always remain our future, present, and past.