ever wondered why humans can not travel to venus. well in this eassay i will explain why. venus is too dangerous for humans to travel on. even though venus is like a sister of earth, it is dangerous to travel on. no space ship has touched venus in nearly more than three decades. venus is a challenging planet for humans to study. i wonder why venus is more dangerous to travel on rather than mercury, even though mercury is closer to the sun. it is dangerous to travel on venus because the temperatures are way different than what is on earth. venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets. a more challenging part are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on earth. these type of conditions are far more extreme than what humans encounter on earth. the conditions on venus are far too dangerous. it would be like earth where if you try to drive a submarine into the deepest part of the ocean, it could liquefy the metal that the submarine is made out of. venus has the hottest surface temeperature of any planet. even though mercury is closer to the sun, venus is still the hottest planet. venus even looks hot since it looks similar to the sun. beyond high pressure and heat, venus also includes erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. who would want to go to venus after hearing about all the dangerous things that venus encounters. astonomers are fascinated by venus because it is the most earthlike planet in the solar system. even though venus is vey hot, it resembles earth. in the article it states, venus includes rocky sedimenand also includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. venus has a few earth like features. after hearing about what venus has on the planet, of course someone would want to see for there self. venus is just too dangerous to land something on the planet. it is even too dangerous to be in venuss atmosphere. one day humans can crete something that can take any pressure and will be able to land on any planet. even though venus is earths sister, it is far too dangerous to visit for humans. in paragraph , it states, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. human curiosity will lead humans into visiting venus one day.