there is a new technology called facial action coding system that allows a computer system to read humans emotions by their expressions. this new advanced technology isnt valuable in a classroom enviroment. in a classroom it depends on the reason, and the student for this technology to be used. this system in a classroom can be taken advantage, and not used correctly. the facial action coding system being used in a class isnt very valuable, unless a student is always sad, and not doing well in school. no one wants everyone knowing their personal issues. in the article making mona lisa smile by nick d alto it states  the facial expresstions for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression para . dr. huang is saying that there is several emotions, even though people show expressions very little or not very much. explaing that not everyone shows too much emotion, because some people might be to their selves. but even if a person is more to their selves the system can still read youre emotions even if you arent really showing any. in the article it explains how the software can recognize the expressions. in the article it states  by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis master piece. each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion para . in this qoute it explains the process of the new technology facial action coding. some people wont want their expressions read by people they dont really know. they also might not even want to talk about thier personal issues, because they just dont want to stress about it or because they dont want people judging them. this system can be taken advantage of for the wrong reasons in a classroom, and not be valuable. if this system is used in a class room it has to be for the correct reasons and not just because you think someone is always mad or sad, and it might not always be the case. it has to be because you want to help a student, because they might be going through a rough patch in life and need someone to talk to. but if this new system is used to help someone, it should be in private where no one is around. in conclusion, the new technology  facial action coding system is not valuable in a classroom. this new system shouldnt be used by studentsteachers unless they have a teachers permission and only for a reasonable case. it shouldnt be used a lot, specially in a class room full of students.