dear senator of the state of florida, i would like to propose you to keep the electoral college in regards to how elections are made for the presidency and vice presidency. i in my opion as well as in other feel that by keeping the electoral college decisions on votes would be satisfactory for us in due to th e couting of our votes for the elections that we face. it would be a much rather delightfulness for the state of florida if you would keep on helping sustain the electoral college and its bases of funtion as well as in the rightchesness that belongs in our votes for the candidates that run for election either for presidency or vice presidency. further more i wish to ask you to maintain our votes fair in wich i mean dont do an unfairness of our votes that is to say, our votes that get sent to you so that you can put in the final vote. as you may know there are many hateful critcism on how the electoral college functions and id like to say that if you could put up with the so many critics and just keep doing your job on electoral college then you could put up a positive ad on how the electoral college really works so that the many people that crtisize and have doubts on how the electoral college will truely know what is happening with their votes for election times. our nation really needs this even though it is a really old system of governmence towards our voted that fall in you hands. for instance in the article the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrongparagraph  it states ...the electoral college is...outdated this shows how even an article was written to discuss the faults in the electoral collage and how its sytem works. the electoral collage may recieve many hateful critism on how fair the electoral collage is, but all in all their shouidnt be anything to worry about knowing that what youre doing is right in terms of governance and politics. with all due respect i would like to thank you for helping sustain the the electoral college with your fellow out of state caleeges, its a pleasure having having you as our senetor and this goes as for everyone that enjoys your supportment to the government and how its electoral elections are based due to this system. i hope this really helps on how our government system on elections are critized, and that for at least there are people that actually hope for the prosper of the electoral college and the benifits that come out of it as also the many unlawful things that could arise in the nation if we didnt have and electoral college. with all due respects i hope that your manegment of our votes in elections be used wisely in the electoral college unlike other places in the world where much is corrupted and is used against the people instead of for the people. thank you for taking your time in reading this article senetor of florida.