driverless cars will be the future of driving, and could potentially make driving a safer task. driverless cars will have a positive impact on the world because of the ecological benefits that will result as an outcome of the mobilization of driverless cars, along with the safety benefits that will help resolve many of drivings biggest issues, mainly crashes. pollution is a big concern of many people living in the world today, and cars are major producer of pollution through burning fuel. one benefit that driverless cars will have is that according to google cofounder sergey brin, the driverless cars... would use half the fuel of todays taxis driverless cars are coming. a big problem that many people see today is the concern of fossil fuel pollution. according to sergey brin, driverless cars could potentially help resolve or contribute less to pollution, because they, in theory, produce less fuel emissions than a standard taxi. pollution however, is just one of these problems, because car crashes too are a major concern for those opposing driverless cars. driverless cars arent necessarily driverless, but for the most part, they are. google announced a safety mechanism included in driverless cars that would announce when the driver should be prepared to take over driverless cars are coming. this safety mechanism ensures that the driverless car would not be completely rendered useless if a problem within the computer software did occur while driving. this helps prove the safety of the driver and the car through the emergency mechanism telling the driver to take manual control if a problem has occured. this also can relate to traffic laws, in case of an accident. a third concern of people against driverless cars is who is responsible in the case of an accident, driver or manufacturer? this question is currently unclear as development hasnt reached the pinnacle thus far. in the article driverless cars are coming, it is stated that if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault  the driver or the manufacturer? . this quotation raises the question of who would be liable in the case of a driverless car accident. potentially it would depend on which party was active during the time of the crash, the driver who had taken over manually, or the malfunction during the cars autopilot stage. in the first case of manual control, the driver should be held responsible because they would be in control of the car. if the crash with another party was caused by a malfunction in the software, the manufacturer could be held responsible, but the driver too could be held responsible for not taking over the car during the time of the crash. all in all, driverless cars are a step forward to the future of transportation, boasting both ecological and driving benefits. however, concerns outweigh the benefits of driverless cars, and it will be seen how the development equates with either benefit or concern. regardless, driverless cars are a great step forward in technology, and they will benefit those in use of them.