global warming is one of the main reason, maybe the only reason the is destroying the atmosphere. humans today are trying to prevent global warming because if we continue to pollute the atmosphere it can very well kill most of the living things, maybe all of the living thing on this planet, including humans ourselfs. i think reducing the usage of cars today is a great way to stop global warming. one of the countries that are taking action in doing this is the countries is france. paris has decided to partially ban driving to clear the air of the global city. in the text it states that, on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their car at home or suffer a euro fine . this show that paris is trying to get rid of the smog in the air, and now they are asking their citizens to stop driving their cars, bike ect. also if you dont partcipate in you will have to pay a fine of euro. in addition one of the main subsatnces to motor pollution is diesel feul. the passage says that, diesel was the blame, since the france has...a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. since france favors the usage of diesel, this one of the main reason why they have forbidden the use of motor in paris. moreover it states thatdeisel make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of the western europe. this again also proves that diesel plays a major role in the pollution of france. as you can see france is making changings to there country due to the global warming. france is not the only one that has taken action by reducing the car usage. the city bogota, colombia has also changed their ways in cutting down on car usage.millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams, the text states. what this is trying to explain is that columbia has a program that prevents the citizens from using vehicles, so the whole day they usa bikes, skates, and take the bus, even some of them go hiking to wherever they go. consequently there are some benefits to having a car, such as basic transportation needs. in the text it states that,but americas love affair with is vehicles seems to be cooling. when adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily.although driving is something essential to human needs these days, it is also very killing. as you can see other countries have taken part in this struggle to prevent global warming to get any worst. in conclusion the reduction of using vehicle today can be one big step in slowing down the rate of global warming, although taking away cars me be a major problem to in basic transportation needs, it is better than killing everything on the planet.