we nasa have recently discovered the face on mars which has been a big thing since we gave the information out to the world. a lot of people think its an actual face created by aliens because the time before we discovered it it was foggy up on mars so they think aliens must have did it then. do you think its a real face created by aliens or just something natural that happened? since you said yes your wrong and now im going to give factoral information to support my answer. first we did think that it could have been a real face too but that didnt last very long because every happening has to have an explanation. we figured it was just another martian mesa but it did turn out to have unusual shadows making it look like an egyptian pharaoh. but thats all it was just unusual shadows that appeared on the face. we then later revealed the image for everyone to see and it sure did give a lot of attraction to mars. the face appeared in movies, books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even in a haunted grocery store check out line for  years! then everyone thought that that was actual evidence of life on mars! nasa kind of did wish that there was ancient civilization on mars. it was our priority to take bunch of pictures of this controversy to come up with an explanation for all this for everyone to understand what it really is. so in  when the mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, the moc team shot a picture ten times that was even more clearer than the originals. everyone was exited, waiting for the picture to come out on the internet to figure out what it really was. the picture then finally came out and it turned out to be a natural landform! not very exiting, huh? but still a lot people didnt believe us because in the winter of  it was very cloudy up there and some beleive the aliens were hidden by the fog. so in april , we went to get a second look and this time we used the best camera we could find that picked out every detail. do you think they found alien evidence? nope we didnt, it turned out to be a butte or a mesa. so now you know the real answer. even though it does look like a face and is very unusual we found the facts. but could maybe someday we find weird alien evidence up in space on a planet? well see!