the limiting of car usage will have a major impact on society and the life span of planet earth. the effects of the usage of automobiles has increased the changes in natural resources to reduce and produce much more slow. limiting the usage of vehicles can asist society with forming a shift in american behavior and safety. vehicle usage has taken a nosedive in the past centry. from the loss of jobs, to the decrease in income, down to the death of thousands. because of the health risk many places have set a ban on driving privlages such as paris. according to the resource, after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. oftenly, those who refused to respectfuly contribute to the ban were forced to pay a fine of . in united states money for not obeying the citys instructions. the pollution rate has slowly decreased as society continuously starts to decrease the mass usage of vehicles. as to sociologist, if the pattern persists and many sociologist believe it willit will have beneficial implications for cabon emissions and the enivronment... these implications have been studied by many to figure out the real reason car industires do not rebrand themselfs as mobility. the companies that have taken the leap to stop pollution have allowed society to make a enormous uturn in the way the government controls pollution evacuation. the safety of society has also taken a major leap in success. mimi sheller, a sociology professor at drexel university states different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a longterm cultural shift,. other ways, such as speaking to friends electronically can also have an impact of the car usage. not meeting up with friends and wasting gasoline or diesel fuel is the most common way to stop pollution and its hazzardous complications. also, with all these changes, people wo stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit.... thus, causing a sudden shift in the way pollution is being created. reflecting on other major causes of a global shift such as the nations popultion dencity. in summation, the limiting of car usage has many advantages. limiting the usage of vehicles can asist society with forming a shift in american behavior and safety. do you want to risk the possibility of ending the worlds greatest issue?