i am against the deselopement of driverless cars. its great learning how to drive. especially when some one you love is teaching you. it creates great times and memories for the both of you. i am against the developement of driverless cars because they can malfunction and become cause harm and because its good for people to learn things on their own. driverless cars can malfunction and become dangerous for the passengers in the car. they may seem great at first, but then what will happen if it breaks down or something spontanious happens that the car is not programmed to recognize? the world is very unpredictable. it would be good to have a human and alert pair of eyes on the road. its good for people to learn to drive on their own. just like the text says,  ...so far, google cars arent truely driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadblock or accidents. humans, or passengers, need to know how to do those things until that is programmed. also learning to drive is a great way to bond with family members or a trusted lisenced adult. it creates memories. i know this from experience. when i turned  my mother wanted to teach me to drive. our relationship was on the rocks around that time but her teaching me to drive only made us smile, laugh, and reminisse on me alonost killing us. once i learned to drive i felt like i had accomplished something worth while. i felt i had purpose on the road. thhats a great feeling. some may argue that driverless cars are a good thing and that they may be safer. that is true in some cases but not all. i believe driverless cars would be perfect for events and a large amount of passengers. for example, prom, a driverless limo would be perfect. there may be drinking involved that may be the safest way back for the promgoers, but what if theres a road block and all of the passengers are drunk? then what? i am against the deveopement of driverless cars because at times it can be very dangerous also its great learning to drive. personally i love driving. many other people do too. also many other people are too young to drive and cant wait to learn. if technology does everything that child that dreams of getting behind the wheel of their dream car just has to watch as a passenger.