the topic about the driverless car is that i dont think its a good idea to begin with. we have to be more careful what we use technology for . i will explain why i think this , and give reasons as well . one of my reasons why is what if one part of the car malfunctions and stops working and then driver is left somewhere shehe doesnt know where they are at. that would cause a big problem for the company .another one could be what if somebody hacked into another persons car , the is mainly technology and it might not be hard for them to find some way to do this, this could cause some trust issues with the manufacturer. nobody will feel safe in thier own car know this might one day happen to them. what is also stated in the reading is a good question as well  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault here the driver or the manufacturer. this would be a good question for the people who are driving these types of cars what if the car did it all on its own and the driver couldnt do anything will they still get blamed? will they have to serve jail time for something they know they did not do. or will the manufacturer also have a part in this , maybe they will both be blamed and punished. if anything failed in these cars how much will it cost to repair them, you might be better off getting a car that you can drive your self and know about , better than having something new and not knowing the issues it comes with. sure there are reasons to have these types of cars for example for the ederly who may have trouble getting places , but what if teenagers took advantage of this because they know that these cars dont need a driver most of the time. there could be many questions to be asked by the people that even the company might not know how to answer . also the traffic laws might change just to introduce these cars not everyone might support this . there is always a good and bad part to this but i wouldnt vote to having these cars made. just how safe are these cars for us.