a driverless car can be really interesting and cool, but that does not mean that it is the right way to go. there are many serious flaws that a driveless car can have and most of them can put you in harms way. you would have to make sure that the driverless car is safe, that you know how to drive and know all about it, and if it follows the law. my first arguement is the safety of driverless cars. a driverless car can have all of this fancy equipment like cameras on the roof and back and everything but the real concern is how well can a driverless car withstand? a driverless car can be the coolest car on the planet but that does not mean that it is safe. a driverless car can malfunction at any time and you would have no clue how to control it. the most important part is what if you have kids in the car with you and you get in a crash? the crash could injure the kids very badly or even possibly kill them. driverless cars need to be  checked if you are going to drive it. the other thing is that, what kind of gas does it use or is it a solor powered car? if it is solor powered then that is another flaw because you would not be able to drive it in the night time because it has no sun for it to be charged from. that is one reason why a driverless car should not be used. my second arguement is that you will have to know just about everything about the driverless car because without knowledge then you will have huge problems. first things first, you will need to know how to drive a car in general before you get a driverless car because in paragraph  it states, in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. this means that you will still have to know how to drive just in case of emergencies. also something that you have to make sure you know is the car itself. you need to know how to fix minor problems so they do not become big ones. you also need to know what part is what because if you try to call someone and they tell you to take off a part, but do not know what to take off, and you accidently take off the wrong part without knowing it then that is going to be even a bigger problem than it was before. so you need to know how to work the car and how to fix minor problems before they become big problems. that is why you need to have knowledge about the driverless car. last but not least, my third arguement is is the driverless car even going to be street legal because what if you pay all that money for something you will only use a few times every so often? it would be a waste of money and time if the driverless car is not street legal. we have no clue if it even follows the rules of the road because, most driverless cars that have people in them, people wont be paying any attention because they think that the car can do all of the work and tha will not have to do anything. in paragraph  it states,  most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. that is why we do not even know if driverless cars will be legal. all of these are reasons why driverless cars should not be allowed because of the safety hazards, if people have any knowledge about it, and if it is even legal. driverless cars can be very dangerous and that is the last thing that we need in our community. so please help stop people from making driverless cars because it could ruin or society really badly and really quickly.