with the new technology coming upon society, there are many new ideas coming abroad. there have been companies promoting the idea of a smart car that is driverless. the idea has sparked arguements whether or not the idea is actually smart or may cause more issues. my opinion on the idea is that smart cars are a good idea because they can replace taxis and would be cheaper and convienent, could relatively be more safe than a regular driver, and that its still not totally driverless. the smart car would be cheaper because, in the article it says, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis... so by that statement it would cost less and actually polute less. it also would be alot more convient. the article says, offer more flexibility than a bus. which many people around the world use daily. so this idea would be more convienent for the people so they could travel easier and cheaper to where they need to go. google has had a car that could drive by itself since . in the article it says, their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. so that proves that the smart cars could relatively be more safe . also in the article it says, they needed a whole lot of sensors. which includes, positionestamating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and a inertial motion sensor. after that big list could u still doubt that it is not safe. i am sure they will even add more sensors in the future to be safer . even if u dont want to rely on the smart car to do everything it is not totally driverless. the smart cars require you to be on standby and ready to take control when it is needed. in the article it says, special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. there have been many ideas on how to keep the driver more alert from announcing that the driver needs to take control to flashing lights on the windshield. with all these reasons combined and more i beleive that a driverless vehicle should be in the future , readily available for the public.