the facial action coding system is an impressive creation. it shows advancements in technology that could potentially make everyday activities much simpler. there is a place and time when this sort of technology could be useful. however, i feel that this technology is not for everyone. the facial action coding system is not valuable in valuable for students in a classroom, because it takes away peoples privacy, it is expensive, and students can reach out to teachers if needed. the first reason why i think that the facial action coding system is uneccessary, is that it takes away peoples privacy. we live in a world that technology controls most of our life. sometimes this is useful and it makes our lives much easier. however, when personal information given out on the internet gets into the hands of the wrong people, bad things happen. the facial acting coding system might make people feel uncomfotable, especially since you are giving away what you look like to the device. students might not want to have to be obligated to use this sort of technology, and they shouldnt have to be. the second reason why i think that the facial action coding system is uneccessary, is that its expensive. a lot of money goes into paying for the technology that we use in schools. some students get school laptops, which is essential for some of the homework that we are assigned. some teachers get electronic whiteboards in the classroom to further enhance the teaching that they do. however, a facial action coding system is not needed for the amount of money that would go into it. most highschools have a lot of classrooms, ours has three floors, and the price wed pay to put this device in each room would not be worth it. the final reason why i think that the facial action coding system is uneccessary, is that students can reach out to their teachers if needed. there are students who struggle with subjects they learn in school. i happen to struggle learning socail studies since i was in fifth grade. the biggest mistake ive made that could have lead to this, is that i didnt reach out to my teachers. i was getting a d in social studies in fifth grade and it came to the point where my mother made me reach out to not only my teacher, but the principal. i sat in a room and my mother, my teacher, and the principal all discussed with me why i was going off track and they gave me a chance to improve. i did not need a facial action coding system to tell me what was going wrong. students just need to talk with their teacher if they confused. the teacher should not have to modify their lesson all the time because students are becoming bored of their class. there may be a place in time that the facial action coding system is useful, like to detect if a politician isnt being truthful, as stated in the article. however, this technology just is not fitted for a classroom, because it takes away peoples privacy, it is expensive, and students can reach out to their teacher if needed. the classroom is a place where students learn, not become subjects of distracting technology.