when there is a decision on if i were to choose driverless cars or not, i am in the middle. i feel this advancement could greatly improve some safty hazards occuring now a days. even though it may help in some situations, it still leads alot of room for disaster itself. i feel as though was the driverless car could help is all the drunk drivers. with this advancement drunk drivers wouldnt be as much of a worry. they could get in the car and arrive to their destination as safetly as they would sober. if people were to take these cars we wouldnt have to worry about red lights and the car flying by running the red light about to hit you, or losing as much control. as long as the person in charge of the car can put in the right destination, i dont see why this would be such a problem. i feel the advancment would also lower the rate of texting and driving. now if someone were to answer the phone or something they dont worry about losing control of what they are doing. the car would keep you on a safe path. the car would know about its surroundings with the spinning sensor they are talkin about. would be able to keep everyone safe people inside and outside the car. even though this may be very helpful, there are so many things that could go wrong. in the article they mentioned that the person would still need to pay attention, so they could take over at anytime. this could be very dangerous. what if the car notifies you that you need to take control, but there isnt enough time? then what do you do? the person driving could also get very sleepy while they just sit there. if the person were to fall asleep and the car is needing them to take control, then they are going to wreck. people not having something to do can be boring and a hazard. you need them  focused, but itll be like school. if they dont have enough entertainment or focus, they will be lost and not know whats going on. another problem is that the car is all technology. at any minute your car could stop working or have a malfunction just like a smart phone. the car could need you to drive, but the notifier isnt working so you got in an accident. with this you could fight with the manufactutrer saying its their fault and they think its yours. this could cause serious arguements amongst people. i believe there are great advancements that could come from this, but also some major issues. nothing about this could  be safe but could be alittle safer than things right now. either way this goes weither they make the cars or not, they should know they cacn fix the car all they want, but they cant fix the person controling it.