what would it be like to study something interesting but has too many challenges? scientist today are attempting to travel to venus our closest planet to us. there is just one problem. the challenges venus has makes it extremly difficult to travel there but that is not stopping them. the author of the text was able to supprot the idea of studying venus is worthy of a dangerous pursuit well by giving information on how scientist could gain knowledge, scientist has solutions to withstand the environmentand the closest planet, and even by adding the point on how people might encounter similar experiences. the author was able to support the idea well by stating the knowledge that could be gained from this experience. venus is similar to earth in many ways. scientist want to discover if venus was ever like earth but they can not figure that out from a distance as said in the text, ...reasearchers cannot take samples of rocks,gas, or anuthing else, from a distance. by the author pointing this out he was able to support the idea because he gave a valid reason on why they should study mars. by saying they can not study venus from afar he is able to give people a reason. people usually want a reason to do things and it has to be good. so by the author providing one he is able to persuade scientist that they should take the risk if they want to learn more about venus. by including this he did well with supporting his idea. another way he did well with supproting his idea is by providing information that there are solutions to venuses challenges. another way he did well with supproting the idea is by stating solutions to venuses challenges. nasa has been abel to think of ways to study venus and it does show good results as in the text it says, ....some simplified electronice....have been tested in a chamber stimulating the chaos of venuss surfave and have lasted three weeks... . by providing solutions it convinces people that they might have a shot at one day exploring venus up close. he did well with providing this because people worried about the conditions venus has which makes it dangerous. the author was able to calm does worries because scientist are now trying to figure out solutions. so by providing the solutions he did well with supporting is idea. a thrid way he did well with supporting his idea is by commenting that this experience would be helpful in the near future. a final wel he was able to support his idea well was providing the point on how human kind would gain experience if they over came these challenges. human kind will always be curious has said in the text it staes,  ...human curiosity will likely leas us into many equally intimidating endeavors . people will always be curious and it would sometimes lead into challenges they must overcome. by the author pointing that out he is basically saying curiosity gets the best of people and how in this situation curiosity should get the best of them.they would be gaining experience on which they can use in another sitaution. he did well with including this because this could help motivate the people on wanting to study venus for the experience and for the knowledge they could obtain. the author did well with supporting his idea on studying venus is worth the pursuit despite the dangers it has. he provided points on why they should explore it he provided solutions on peoples worries on the challenges. he even provided a little motivation on which they can gain experience from studying venus. so once again what would it be like to study something that has many challenges to overcome?