people may argue that emotion reading technology should be used in school. however, using this technology will most likely not be very useful in school environments. this is due to a few minor issues along with just simple facts about how this technology is used. not to mention the very simple and straight forward ideas of how this technology could be used in the future. so the points to make are the issues with the technology, how it is used, and how it can be used. first of all, there is the issues with the technology. this begins with the simple idea that dr. huang clearly state that, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal,meaning, that even he understands that not everyone has the same way of showing emotions rendering his software partially ineffective. this is with putting consideration into people simply just looking mad all the time when the person may just have that kind of face structure and is always happy. meanwhile it is also stated that, so computers need to understand that, too. showing that even dr. huang knows his software has to be programmed to know all these emotions and he is pulling the knowledge he gives to the software from artworks that are not actually real human faces and sometimes are not very accurate. leaving his software to be a whole other level of inaccurate and simply just not very trustworthy. next, is how the software works. the way this software works calls for computers that can run the software really well putting into consideration that schools will have to waste alot of money on these when he states himself in the article, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. this is not new considering schools often times find themselves having problems with how to fund things thye need let alone a software program that can read facial emotions and the computers to run this complex software. to add to this problem with using this software in school comes the idea given when the article states the context following the past idea just about how it reads muscles and how, to an expert, faces dont lie however, no matter how much they may code into this software the software will never truely be a professional in human emotions without being one, it will simply be guessing. finally, the biggest concern is how it can be used in the future. although the author does state one way that the technology can be used in school it seems awfully useless if like said before the technology is most likely ineffective in every way. however, this technology could be used as he states, the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. which is a very valid point not to mention it will go into an industry where they will actually be put to good use unlike helping students who dont know how to stand up for themselves and ask for help. not to mention how the information given like, they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. makes it sound like this technology, if possibly useful and accurate, can be put into good use if put into the hands of detectives instead. this will lead his emotion detector to basically become a new version of the already existent lie detector instead of a useless class tool to tell teachers when a student is bored or confused when they can simply just speak up. therefore, in the end the technology simple will not work properly if it is tested only on artworks and false human faces. also, if the technology costs the amount of money that it will, then school will not be able to afford getting it anyways. along with the the final statement that this technology will be of better use being used somewhere else instead of in schools. however, this is not saying it will serve no purpose atall in school. it is simply stating that it may not be worth the costs of rushing to use it.