venus, something called the evening star, is one of the most brightest points of light in the sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. in the story, the challenging of explopring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is indeed a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author uses many reasons and example to support this idea. at the beginning of the story, the author states, while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. in paragraph , it talks about how venus is one of the closest planets to earth by size and density. earth, venus and mars are the three planets that are the closest to the sun and orbit around the sun at different speeds. since we have differences in speed, it sometimes causes us, earth, to be closer to mars and other times closer to venus. because of this closesness, humans have sent spacecrafts out to land on this planet, but no one has succeeded in three decades, according to paragraph  of the article. they believe this is because of the speed it moves at different points. venus also has some very dangerous features that makes it even more harder for this planet to be explored. in the third paragraph of the article is where the features of venus comes in. this planet is almost  percent carbon dioxide. which is not very good for humans to be around. also, the clouds of venus are highly consisted of sulfuric acid. the average temperature on venus is over  degrees farenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times gretaer then what we exoerience on earth. a human would have a hard time survivng in this type of temperature. for example, in paragraph  it states,  such an environment would crush even a submarine customed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. it takes a lot of heat to liquefy a metal on earth, so the fact that venus can do this with no problem, shows that a human would not survive the heat on venus. not even for a day. it is said that venus does indeed have the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. it is said that, even though venus has these dangerous features, there are reasons why scientist still believe in studying this planet. in paragraph  it says theat the reason astronomers are fascianted by venus is because once upon a time, it was the most earth like planet in our solar system. a while back, it was said to be covered with oceans and could of have forms of life living on it, just like earth. today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth, according to paragraph . it has a surface of rocky sediment and familiar features such as valleys, moutains and craters. these are reason why an astronomer would still want to study venus. also, despite the dangers, the nasa believes there is one way to send humans to study venus. that is for the scientist to float over the fray of venus, to avoid a good amount of heat from venus. in conclusion, there are many reasons why we shouldnt study venus and why it is a bad idea to send people to venus, but there are features on venus that make astronomers and scientist want to explore. such as the features it has similar to earth. in spite of this, scientient are working on new ways that will help them get closer to venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbon dioxide have been tested in a chamber stimulating the chaos od venuss surafec and have lasted for three weeks. which is actually good considering all the carbon dioxide on venus. they have also been developing new forms of mechanical computers. these are thing scientist and astronomers are doing just to be able to study venus because this is what they value. in my opinion, they see this as a challenge and they are working and coming up with ways to accomplish this challenge. in paragraph , it states,  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value , not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this is basically saying that they dont want to just explore it because of the sights. the dangers and doubts are what push them to explore it more because they believe something like this shouldnt stop them from their travels beyond earth.