the facial action coding system is a new technology that helps know the emotions the person is feeling. this new technology can even identify emotions from a painting as old as leonardo da vincis mona lisa. this technology can also identify when there are mix emotions and when one is faking or lying about it. it all happens by how the muscles of our face move which show a specific emotion or more. the facial action coding system is indeed very valuable because it could help a speakers performance, performance in the arts, and to know the truth. this new technology could help a speakers performance by knowing how he is doing. if the speaker is reading off a long paragraph and the listeners are paying attention but in reality are thinking about something else then the speaker would know. he would then be able to involve the listeners in his speech, make eye contact or do whatever to get thier attention back. this could benefit teachers in a daily lesson to know how good or bad they are doing at explaining things. it could help when preparing for the end of the semester test and then the teacher would know what to focus on. this could also help when students are giving speeches infront of the class. they would be able to know if they are doing a good job or not and how to do better in their speech to get a better grade. in theater you have to act as a different person and you have to get into there position in whatever situation they are in. you cant just read the lines and expect people to enjoy the play. you have to be sad when your best friend died or scared when some is chasing after you. all of these are emotions that the teacher would expect performers to perform. this is why the facial action coding system would be valuable to better the perfomance in arts. in paragraph  the author states moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. this means that the new technology can make those fake emotions into more realistic for actors who need to seem like they are actually scared, sad, worried or feeling any other emotion. furthermore in paragraph  it says these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this means that the new technology could help know if the emotions public people are showing is actually truthful or not. if they are faking to be sad about something tragic but in reality they arent then that would show everyone who they really are. even though this is invading peoples personal opinion and space, it would help to know the truth. this could also cause problems in the world of politics but its better to be honest than to lie. everyone deserves to know the truth about politics and what they really think so it would not hurt to know the very truth. dont you think that its better to be honest with yourself and everyone else then faking things? this new technology facial action coding system would helping with that. it could help a speakers performance by knowing if they are explaining it right. it could help in acting an emotion different from what they are truly feeling. lastly, it could help with knowing the whole truth about politicians and there way of showing they think about certain things. these are only three reasons why this new technology would be valuable.