in the article the challenge of exploring venus it talked about on how venus is a worthy pursuit to explore but it has a great danger that it presents for the reason that theres procaution to take before going to venus.they would have to see how the oxegen it gives out and also to see if theres anyone living there such as humans or creatures or animals . another thing they would have to worry about visting venus is the way its planet gives out enegry,tempature,impediments such as erupting volcanoes,powerful earthquakes,and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface the author explained on this article on how venus would help us to find new planets that we are able to live at and to also grow and expand the human population in different planets.in venus they also believed that we are able to explore new expirements.the author explained on paragraph  that  venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life,just like earth. this short pharse that the article has it explains on how there can be life in this planet that theres humans or some type of people who we still have not seen yet. the author also explains on how he considers venus as a twin  of earth that theres water at venus and maybe be oxegen at venus also . venus is the closest planet to earth . there is also dangers to seek a new planet. theres alot of procautions to go to new planet . it says in paragraph  that  a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon diocide blankets venus.even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, tempatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this part of the paragraph it explains that if we did go to this planet the heat would be so hot that i believe that we will melt the second we get there . it has a great danger of death if we do go to venus and its a risk to the people who are still studing venus.venus has the hottest tempatures for the reason that it goes a fast rate around the sun so it keeps hot all around its planet. its also a great danger for the reaosn it has additional impediments such as valcanoes ,earthquakes,lightning strikes . all of these inpediments we will have to see before going to venus. all of these explains its reasons on why we should and shouldnt go to venus.for all of these reasons i believe and the author too that we should start studing venus becuase it is worthy pursuit. what the article says that they may be new chances on finding new areas and explore new things that may benifet us in the long run . theres a chance on finding new humans and new type of cures and to be able to find new types of examples .we have noted that theres water in venus and that there heat and we see that venus is close by our orbit and it the closes to earth . but we should not stop seeking new things to explore we should let the human mind to knowlege even more that we should not stop for danger situation that we should risk and hope for the best . for the reason that theres even more things that we havent seen with our eyes.