in the article, the author implies the idea that studying venus is a worthy endeavor despite its many dangers. by using examples, descriptive details, and more, the author supports this claim very well. the authors does many things in this article to show the relevant danger that the planet venus presents. they did this by using factual information at the beginning of the article. for example, in paragraph , the author states that a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. this example show the evident danger that venus holds. another example of the author showing the dangers of venus is the author states, on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. this being another example of how the author shows the dangers of venus. though, on the other hand, the author also gives the idea that venus is worth exploring despite all of its dangers. one example being when the author says, astonomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most eathlike planet in our solar system. this shows that the author believes that venus is a worthy planet to be explored despite the danger it holds. another example of how the author supports theri claim is that they used factual information in the article. an example of this is in paragraph ,where the author states, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray...at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this is one of the many factual statements throughout the article that shows the support of the authors claim. the author also says this statement at the end of the article saying, our travels on earth and beyond should be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginations and innovation. this shows that the author also believes that venus is worth exploring because they give their own opinion about the future expeditions of man and how they should forever expand exploration. in conclusion, the author support their claim that venus should be explore despite its evident dangers by using factual information, personal opinions, and descriptive details about the exploration of venus, showing that they believe it should be explored because of the challenges it presents.