in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author points out that astonomers are fascinated by venus because in may well once have been the most earthlikeplanet in our solar system. addtionally, the article also says that nasa has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. finally, the author points out that nasa is working on other approaches to study venus. astronomers are looking for evidence that venus have the same characteristics as earth. in the article, it says that, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediments and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this part of the article proves that it can be safe to go to venus because the astronomers have an idea on what the surface of the planet looks like. nasa is looking for a way to send humans to venus without putting their lives at risk. in paragraph , the author points out that, nasa has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy condition, but survivable for humans. this shows that it would be hard to land on venus because of the surface. it would be really hard to not to destroy the spacecraft. finally, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condition. this quote from the article is telling the reader the nasa is trying to prepare in case they are in bad situation where the people in the craft are in danger. in conclusion, in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. from the dangerous surface of venus, to protecting all the passengers in the spacecraft.