imagine a world where the people didnt have a say in electing for a president. people would be living a life where they cant have a say in the goverment and who runs the goverment. this would be the life of millions of people if they were to remove the electoral college. there are many reasons why it is better to keep the electoral college because it can avoide runoff elctions, it will make certainty of outcome, and not having one region to elect a president. having an electoral college can change the fate of the people and all the states. to begin with, runoffs elections can happen if there is no electoral college, which can be a major problem if it can not be handled correctly. for example, in  nixon and clinton in  both had only  percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral college. with runoff elections there is pressure when no candidate wins a majority of the vost cast, which causes a huge problem when electing the president, but with the electoral college it reduces the complication making it easier to see the winner. electoral college helps to provide a clear winner rather than making it difficult. it makes the runoff election process simple. secondly, the electoral college makes sure that there is an outcome. in the s election, for example, obama recieved . percent of the electoral vote compared to only . percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney. this means that popular votes have some sort of outcome because it helps the electoral votes go up, but not all the time will the percents be the same. the electoral votes is what is used to decide the president. lastly, the electoral college requires the runner ups to have a multiregional appeal. this is done because no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. for example, romney was favored by the south in which he gets his electoral votes, but he cannot only count on the south to win the election he also needs to convince the other regions. north, east, etc. trying to convince the other regions is difficult, but the outcome can help change the future. to conclude, the electoral college have a positive effect rather than negative. it can help stop the complications when there is a runoff election. having one makes sure that there is a outcome to one side. also, forces runner ups to have a multiregional appeal. keepin the electoral college can help the united states in a positive way.