the so called face on mars is simply a landform created by nature. there are conspiracy theorists who like to believe that this is not true and nasa has something to hide. they also like to believe that because the images of the face are not high quality photographs, that has something to do with hiding the secret of life on mars. the fact of the matter is that there is no secret and if there was life on mars, it would benefit nasa to share that knowledge to gain money for their space programs. to start with, the face on mars is ...the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa  landforms common around the american west. the first sentence in paragraph twelve simply disproves that the face on mars could be anything mire than a face. looking a little deeper into the text, it becomes clearer how nasa has nothing to hide when it comes to the face. by looking into paragraph two and paragraph three it becomes clearer that nasa has looked into this odd rock formation clearly and can see that there is nothing to hide from anyone. another argument that conspiracy theorists bring to the table is that the original images from the viking were blurry, making it hard to see anything surrounding this rock formation. these theorists say this believing the images were purposely blurred in order to hide something from the public. the truth is that the viking took its photo in , the mgs in  and again in . being that the newest image until  was the one taken in , it is obvious that there couldnt be high quality pictures taken from a spacecraft back then. also, the image taken in  is way more high definition and you can clearly see that the image depicts a simple rock formation. so, the argument that the blurry image is hiding something must be false. in conclusion, none of the theories brought up against the pure facts laid out could conquer. the theory tree was easily chopped down but the mighty fact axe, becasue the conspirers could not bring any evidence to support their argument. also finding how every argument that nasa has nothing to hide, and that the images clearly show nothing but a rock formation is clearly supported by evidence. facts prove that there is no way the face on mars is anything other than a simple landform.