the face on mars was a popular pop icon, it starred in hollywood film, appearing in books, magazines,even in radio talk shows. in the article, unmasking the face on mars there are many points in the article that would support that the face is just a natural landform. but, anyway conspiracy theorists think it could be created by aliens even though there is all of this evidence to prove that wrong. in the article there are many key points to prove the conspiracy theorists theories are wrong and that the face on mars is just a natural landform. to support the idea that the face on mars is just a natural landform you can look into the essay. in the article, the text states, nasas viking  spacecraft was circling the planet, snapping photos of possible landing sites for its sister ship viking ,when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. this part of the passage starts the argument because twenty five years ago their spacecraft cameras werent as good as the ones that were in . so, the picture that came out of the spacecraft was not as clear as it could have been with a  camera and with the shadows forming the illusion of eyes, nose, and a mouth, people thought it could have been created by alien lifeforms. to disapproved of this idea though, the text states, on april ,a cloudless summer day in cydoniamars global surveyor drew close enought for a second look. also the text says, each pixel in the  image spans .meter compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, he added so, if there were objects in this picture like airplsnes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! this evidence form the ending of the paragraph ten to the end of paragraph eleven shows how much of better quality the picture would be in when taken. the final supporting detail in the passage to prove the face on mars is not created by is the text states,what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a buttle or messalandforms common around the american west this clearly states that its just a landform called a butte or mesa that is commonly found around the american west. this evidence clearly disapproves of the face on mars is not created by aliens because we have these on earth as well. to conclude, the face on mars is not created by aliens and to support the text shows evidence such as highquality pictures and comparisons to the landform to the landforms we have on earth.