in the article, the challenge of exploring venus, the author explains why it would be a good idea to explore our neighboring planet of venus. despite all of the possible problems that can easily arise, the author claims it is a worthy pursuit. from evaluating the article personally, i believe the author supported his argument very well with even being able to counterargue many counterclaims by stating different innovations and different ideas that can make travelling to the evening star a reality. the author claims it is important to study venus due to its striking similarities to earth. the author states in paragraph  that scientists believe that venus was once the most similar planet to earth, once believed to probably be covered in oceans and probably even supported life. even today, it is speculated that venus has many land masses like ours such as mountains, valleys, and craters. the author also states in paragraph  that venus can easily be our nearest option for a planetary visit considering how close it is. although, the horrible conditions of the planet have not allowed any human made spacecrafts to land on venus for more than a few hours before being either torn apart or simply returning. however, after this claim from paragraph , the author uses support from nasa to state how humans could still visit the planet, however, will have to only hover over it about  miles into the atmosphere to avoid getting into serious danger. the author claims that although these still are not perfect conditions, they will be suitable for humans to survive in. the author then goes on to compell the arguement that they would not be able to collect any samples or even photo or videograpghy due to it being dangerous or ineffective. he therefore states in paragraph  that if scientists are seeking to conduct a thorough mission, that they need to get up close and personal with the planet. the author also states in paragraph  as well how many scientists take venus as a challenge and are actually coming up with different innovations in order to tackle venus tough environment with a surface that can reach up to f and the immense  times greater pressure than earth. these technologies include mechanical parts like found in the first computer had in order to be more resistant to heat and pressure being made from silicon carbide, which when tested in a chamber that simulated venus conditions, survived a staggering  weeks. later, in paragraph , the author states that being presented a challenge to get to venus has value. not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us to many equally intimidating endeavors, the author states in paragraph . the author claims that if we are able to tackle an astonashing feat such as venus who is our neighboring planet, then we have unlocked the key to tackling many greater challenges. in conclusion, i believe the author supports his claims very well due to him being able to understand the dangers of the challenge. however, the author then was able to find different supporting facts and innovations that can make a trip to venus by man possible and seem more appealing nevertheless.