have you ever wondered about the face? the one so talked about, movies and books were made about it? in the late s, there was a picture taken of a rather human like landform. but get this  it wasnt on earth! the discussion of whether the landform was alien made or a common cydonia martian mesa was huge, and is still fret over today. but lets get real, the possibility of the landform being alien made is surreal  with our advanced technology today, we would know! about twentyfive years ago, an interesting picture was found with one of nasas spacecrafts, viking . from the region cydonia of the red planet, viking  had taken a picture of a large face that stretched almost two miles wide. the landform became better known as the face. when the picture was released to public, it was a big deal. scientists had begun to figure it was just another martian mesa that just happened to have unusual shadows. in the article unmasking the face on mars, paragraph two even states this. these shadows caused many people to assume it looked similiar to some kind of egyptian pharaoh. the general public, although amazed by the coincedence it had been, couldnt have ignored the sayings of a scientist, especially when all the facts come into play with the logical explanation  not aliens! even with the scienctists saying what was undeniably the truth, people demanded proof. few scientists believed the chance of the face being put there by exterestrial beings, but getting images became one of nasas priorities. on april , , mars global surveyor flew over cydonia to take ten times sharper images of the face. in the paragraph seven, you could find that thousands of people were waiting, waiting for an image that may decide what exactly the face had been. after the image had been taking, not everybody was happy. this resulted in many suggestions as to why there was no proof of aliens having made the face. it was winter and hazy. reading through paragraph eight of the article, you can also find many of the excuses used to try and find proof of aliens exsistence. with many complaints under their belts, mars global surveyor went for another go. this time on a cloudless summer day. on apri , , they were sent in for another look at the face. the images, taken again, did not show any proof of aliens. to many conspiracy lovers dismay, the images were rather like earth landforms. instead of alien markings, they found that the face is equivalent to butte or mesa. even common to landforms in the american west. in paragraphs ten, eleven, and twelve, you can read through the precautions taken to find even clearer images of the face, though nothing had changed. without any other evidence to go off of, what could the theorists say? others, such as conspiracy theorists, say that nasa has found evidence of the other life forms. they may be right, stating things such as this. but they also say that nasa is withholding this information. while that may be a good idea for other people, nasas budget says otherwise. with the information of alien exsistence out, their funds could go up a rather lot. would it be a good idea to hold this information to the public? especially when it will not only be informing the people, but also helping nasa discover more about our universe. as stated the possibility of us not coming across alien lifeforms with todays technology is unlikely. with all the precautions they took to prove or in this cause, disprove alien exsistence, it is highly unprobable that we missed them. with the scientist, looking over the images twice, and then checking them, the answer is in lockdown. and even if we were, sharing the information is in almost everyones best interest. if it had been aliens, we surely would have known, wouldnt we? unless, of course, the aliens could were invisible. how about you tell that to the conspiracy theorist?