in the article,the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. in certain cases the author is right about his idea, but in other cases it might get to risky for humans. venus is the closest planet to earth, but is serverly hot. while venus is to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. the closer humans get to venus, the less likely they are to survive. people may say it, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot, even with his being a true statement, venus is still a very hot and dangerous planet to visit. some humans may disagree and agree with the authors idea, they may agree because venus is a planet to explore not to just see photos. humans say also disagree with the authors idea because it is dangerous and there has never benn a spaceship actually make it to venus. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. if you think it about it though the authors idea is a well thought out idea. even though there are factors that would lead to danger, bu they also lead to satifactory like, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. even though venus is very hot, there are ways to keep human safe to at least get to slightly see it or expierence it without it getting too dangerous. other than it being hot on the planet venus, there are very fasinating things on venus. forexample, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. these are beautiful minerals to experience that you dont see on earth. on the other hand, more importantly, reasearchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distnace. instead of listening to that, scientist are like the author they believe it is right to study venus despite the risks, so scientist went to get up close and personal despite th risks to see the rocks and other things. an exciting thing that nasa is working on is, working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. they are also looking into old technology, machanical computers. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. dont let all that fool you though, because some systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant pressure, heat, and other forces. with all of this information adn facts about how studying venus is worthy pursuit sepite the dangers it presents, the author is stating a good idea. reasons so that being is there are fasinating minerals, being able to expierence it just a little bit over venus, and nasas idea of going back to old technology to help study venus a different way. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. letting humans make the decision to go to venus is their choice, but it may be worth the dangers to be able to expierence a new planet.