the author in driverless cars are coming presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. i think that car manufacturers should be able to be on the streets more. some examples are that they let out less co and they use less gas to save you more money. one example is that the driverless cars are safer than non driverless cars. most of the people will agree that driveless cars are safer than people that are driving because they arent focused on the road. they are more foucused on what is happing on their phones or watching what is happing around them instead o what is going on in frount of them. in the article it says that driverless cars have gone millions of miles without a single crash. while everyday people are crashing and killing other people because they care about what is going on their phone than what is going on the road. sure they still will crash into other cars but with these cars but it will be less then what it is right now with people driving. the second thing that makes driverless cars better is that they dont use that much gas and itll help earth. instead of paying like  dollars you will just have to pay  dollars to fill up your gas tank at the pump. you will start saving hundreds of dollars in just a year for chaniging to a driverless car and not only that it will also help on the place we live on. the cars we use now produces a lot of co and that co is hurting us but if we switch now we can change the world we live in by having less co in the air. another way that driverless cars are better is that when you go on a long trip you get tired and feel like resting for a little bit. well now you can, youll be able to get on your phone and talk to someone or you could just lay back and see a movie that you have been meaning to see but just havent had enough time to. youll be able to do that and if something is going on around you the cars sensors will pick it up and tell you what you need to do. it would be a winwin thing case you get to do what you want to do and the car will take you where you need to go and itll inform you if it needs you help to do something. those are some few exampels that shows us why we need to have driverless cars on the streets. so far it looks like the future is looking good for driverless cars for helping us be safe on the roads and saving us time and money. its just a matter of time that well see everyone with driverless cars.