venus planet the author is suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. what the authior is trying to do, is make people belive about venus planet, that is the most dangers planet in earth because how the differents speed and degrees. first of all in paragrath  explains the different that degrees get and the atmospheric presure. a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees.atmosoheric presure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. secondly what is trying tell that humans can go to that planet for the differents that is from our planet. and is telling us that scientists further visits to its surface. scientists are trying to go and study that planet because how the author is telling us the planet is really interest, would be a good planet to go study and see how ebrything is for the scientists it might be a lot of work to do it wont be the easiest planet that they are trying to study. is a really difficult planet to go study. thirdly the author is saying that nasa is working on others aproaches to stuying venus. they are looking foward, trying to see how electronics made of silicon carbide, that way when they use the electronics arent melting, for the high temputure, they have to make electrons really strong, and make sure everything will work with the high tempeture. lastly venus is also call evening start is the brihtest points of light in the night sky. this nickname is misleading since they say that venus is a planet because before they tought venus was not a planet when they knew that was a planet they decide to put a nickname. on my opinion they decide to put as evening star is because the planet is so bright, that they tought it was just a star. venus is the second planet from our sun so that means that our planet isnt that far from the venus. even know that is close to our planet. it is so different everything from that planet is different fromout planet.