the black smoke that leaks out of your cars tailpipe is killing you. with its toxic chemicals, and the stress that goes along with driving ,its no wounder why our vehicular casutalty rate is so high. the answer seems to be clear,there are many advantages in reducing our car use. not to mention the money saving opprotunities and traffic reduction that come along with letting go of our belovid crutch. the world has long bin involved in a love affair with its cars and other forms of motor transportation, and now in  we are by far, paying the price. the dangers to your personal health and the health of the enviornment are cringe worthy. france, being one of the most polluted ares in europe. at one point had  micrograms of particulate matter in there air. as a result pairs put a partial driving ban to clear the air and the results where drastic. in just one week the smog cleared up just enough to lift the ban. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and up too  percent in some areas in the united states. transportation is the secound largest source of americas emissions. this is cold hard proof that cars are a major contributer to our carbon foot print. many other countries have taken the lead in ridding the world of this enviornmental burdon. one of the most major exhamples being a cummunity in vauban germany. the inhabitants of this upscale community have simply given up there cars. the residents agree that the lack of cars have greatly reduced there stress. similarly, in bogota colombia, they have created a set carfree day. this has encouraged other means of travel including biking, walking and skating. its a fantastic way to lower stress and air pollutuon all at once. the word is now spreading through colombia and  more cities have joined and muncipial authorities from other countries are very excited about the event. it sparked a mass improvement leading too new sidewalks, a reduction in traffic, and more upscale buisinesses. more and more people are startting to catch on. the amiunt of licenses registeres each year are going down drastically and people just dont see a need for a vehicle anymore. a study last year showed the decress in young people driving is at  percent between and . people organize there social life or jobs around where they can take public transportation or a bike. the main point in it all is that a car is just another way to get where your going and most dont really care how they get there in the first place. vehicle ownership is proving to be impractical, harmful, and expensive. with the rise of pedestrian accsess, bikeing, commercial and public transportation the over use of cars is becoming obselete. we need to improve our safety and lower our emissions to keep the planet and ourselves healthy. the proof is in the pudding, life without cars is on the rise and it is welcomed with both arms open.