dear state senator, i am writing to you today to talk to you about keeping the electoral college instead of changing to the popular vote. their would be derastic changes if we switch. first of all, the president and vice presidents election is held every four years which means that every four years the goverment needs to pay for all these polls for the electoral college and the popular vote. yes, i see that if we switch to the popular vote it would save money and you would not need to even include the electoral colledge anymore but, a counter of that is if a recount is called upon the our voting citizens then they need to go vote again and the govermeant needs to pay for all these polls. i am guessing that electoral colleges are alot cheaper to put together and easier. to keep the electoral college would be cheaper in the long run. also getting all those american voting citizens to vote again,well thats another story. in many of the cases i have seen is that people want to do the least amount of work they have to do and making them go vote again that involves quite alot of work actually. lines for polls can be out the door in some cases and most people are not that in to goverment in the first place. people are just flat out lazy mr. senator. i also would not be very happy if the goverment had to do a recount on the popular vote. i for one dont want to have to go back up to the poll booths. that would be a insult to me if i had to do it all again because i have already broadcasted my opinion to the goverment once already. i for one dont want to have to do it again and i dont think anyone would want to. hell,you may even start a rade or protesters,you never know intill you try. but be honest would you want to risk that. the electoral college almost would never need to have a recount because of the small numbers considering how big americas population plus, like i said before, it would be consideribly cheaper than the popular vote. so their it is mr. senator do you want to start a state wide rade or have protestors at your door steps,do you want to have to get up and inconvinence your self because the goverment of america is now wanting a recount of the popular vote. i didnt think so. so now i hope you can make the right desicion here and stick with the electoral college. thank you for the time you spent reading this and i hope it changed your mind or even strengthened your views. sincerily mr. newport