venus is the second planet from out sun and earth comes after venus. the name venus has another name and it is called the evening star. however, the evening star is a misleading the reason for that it is because it is a planet. the reason why its misleading is because its one of the brightest points of light in night sky. how are earth and venus alike to the other planets, what was venus and how was it like, and why it is dangerous and why should we study it more. first, earth is known as the twin to venus. the reason is because venus is the closest planet to the sun and and its closer to planet earth. another reason why earth is called its twin is because they both have the same density, size, and because its the closest in the distance too. after earth comes mars so it goes the sun, venus, earth, and mars. those three planets orbit the sun at different speeds and what that means is that earth is more closer to mars than we are to venus. long ago venus was maybe covered tons of water such as our oceans and maybe supported animal life there. venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets. the clouds are the most challenging because of they are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atomsphere. the temperature on the planet surface is over  degrees fahrenheit. the pressure of the planet is  times greater than what earth experiences. the conditions on this planet is way more extreme than what the humans have. the reason why its dangerous is because it the surface is way to hot because venus is closest to the sun. the reason why its dangerous is because there is high pressure and heat that can cause erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquake, and on going lighting strikes. the reason why we should study it more is because venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. just imagine the thirtyplus miles above the surface like an airplane, the temperatures would be toasty at about  degrees fahrenheit. the air pressure would be closer to the sea level on earth. the solar power would be more than enough, including the radiation wouldnt exceed to earth levels. venus is planet not a different type of star, and it is the second planet. the earth and venus are simliar to each other. venus is a very hot planet because its closer to the sun and the conditions on that planet are too extreme. its a dangerous planet because of the erupting volcanoes, very powerful earthquake, and also lighting strikes coming down to the surface constantly. this how venus was like, how its simliar to earth, and how its dangerous but they should keep on exploring it.