more people today are driving less and using public transportation, walking, or riding a bike more. the main reason for this is because it benifits our environment. when people drive a car it releases gases into the air and breaks down our ozone layer that protects us from harmful rays from the sun. limiting car use helps by decreaseing the gases into the air. people all over the world are helping prevent the usage of cars in many ways. in germany, people are moving to places that are carfree which is stated in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars . it also says that cars ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to parklarge garages...where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home article  paragraph  this is trying to limit the usage of cars buy making it cost so much to park your car. some people are saying that cars make them tense and by walking it makes them happier and more relaxed. they dont have to stress about putting gas in the car or driving safely. they are also trying to make cities denser, and better for walkingarticle  paragraph  puting stores closer to areas with a higher population so people can walk to them helps. this is an advantage to people who live in carfree areas. paris is also taking part to help better our environment. they have enfoced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city according to the article paris bans driving due to smog . the city is being more forceful with this action by giving a fine of euros  to people who didnt leave their cars home on their day. due to having these days banned from driving congestion was down  percent in the capital of france article  paragraph  by doing these two day france was no longer considered the most poluted city in the world, beiging, china was the new holder of this name. people are now hopeing to get plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers this will help bennifit the environment by decreasing the air pollution in the air. bogota, colombia is making their move by having a carfree day where colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work.  the goal is to promate altrenative transportation and reduce smog according to the article car free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota . they want to show people there are several other ways to get somewhere without useing a car. a couple using a twoseat bicycle said it was a great way to take away stress and lower air pollution. other cities in colombia are also taking part in this event. now the city of bogota is making  miles of bike pathways for people to use daily. this day helps more people get outside and get active to. the article also states that  parks and sport centers also have bloomed throughout the city having this day reduces the air pollution that was occuring and helps people relax. to conclude, many citys are taking part in this act. they limited the car use and helped limit air pollution. people are starting to use cars less and take more alternative routes like walking or biking. maybe you should try walking or riding a bike to work or school. you may like that more then driving and it helps the environment!