are diverless really diverless? did you ever have a machine ruin your food before? has a meachine ever giving you the wrong amount of change back at the grocery store? well, that is what it would be like to have driverless cars. cars driving themselfs sounds really effecient, but is it really? i dont think that the driverless cars would be very safe. the car still needs assistance, the car cant have good judgement, and it is limited on things it can handle. this machine is limited on what it can do by itself. it will only be able to handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph. it can only steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. if anything else goes wrong the machine will notify the human. the driver will have to remain alert, like they are actually driving, and wait for the driverless car to notify them. can we even call it a driverless car, if it is constantly notifying us, to take the wheel so to speak. the car cant have good judgement, simply because it is a machine. sadly, that is what driving is, making good choices off of your judgement. that is why the car needs to notify you for your help to guide the machine. the driver has to make the choices, and navigate through tricky obstacles. these cars wont be able to navigate through tricky obstacles. it can not make life or death decisions, even with the abundant amount of sensors and cameras it has incorperated in it. since the car still needs a diver in it, it has notifiers to get the attention of the driver. if the driver isnt alert, and the notifiers dont work, that person might die. so, even if we make laws for these cars the death rate will go up. people will die because this car isnt actually driverless. this is why there is a minority of states that will allow diverless cars. tipically, diverless cars sound effecient, but it will do more bad than good. it isnt necessary. its a luxury. the machine is limited to what it can do by itself. the car cant make good life or death decisions for you. it will be that machine that ruins your food, or the machine that gives you the wrong amount of change back and it could cost you your life.