quick question can you remeber your first time behind the wheel, blood rushing from all the excitement from this new experience. so nervous but so anxious, filled with fear that you cant help but to embrace. boy what a rush, but what about those who havent had that experience yet? i guess thats one thing we forgot to stop and think about hmm.. thats because when its outside of ourselves it doesnt really faze us. sure taxi rides are fine at times but it would get old and boring sooner or later with out a doubt. so driverless cars are not really what i think we need at this point. driverless cars seems like a fun futuristic type of thing so i understand why people would want them , not to mention that in certain situtation could be lovely to have. why wouldnt you want a driverless car you may ask. well first off the price of one of these machines cost up to two hundred million dollars and i know for a fact i cant afford this and neither can lots of others in this world .there is also things that just dont add up, we have been told nothing about warrinties or how any payment go, do you get the same insurance as you did with a regular vechicle, and if something breaks or goes wrong and your injuired or injure someone else whos to blame. the text even ask its self  if the technology fails and someone is injuired who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer?. if thats not a clear cut reason of why these are nothing but a risk then i dont know what is. people can be put at fault for an accident that they had no control over at all because the car drives its self, therefore its like a game of russina roulette you never know whats gonna happen or who will be blamed. in conclusion to some of these terrible possiblitles i still take into consideration that everything right now is just he said she said no one really has proof that it will shut down and cause accidents or if it will even cost two hundred million by the time it comes out. but there are some things we do know and that is that in  california, nevada, florida, and district of columbia it is illegal to have even semiautomatic cars and changing laws for something unproven is highly doubted. as of now it sounds safer for a driver to be paying full attention to the road then to be in a unpredictable driverless car where anything could happen, safety comes first. so for the sake of the people who havent had a chance to experience their first time behind the wheel and for the safety of all on the road driverless cars are a no in my book.