are driverless cars the future or death to many? when people invision the future some may imagine hallograms and flying cars. in todays world numerous people are thinking of ways to better our future, for example sergey brin. he invisions driverless cars and how they might function. there are many pros and cons in this equation! one may think that their life isnt in their own hands, they may think they dont have contol of the car, or there may be devistating glitches or maulfunctions. there may be many risks, such as glitches but there are various benifits! for example the text says, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. this shows that if the machines work correctly then they would decrease a lot of the everyday rearendings. the downfall about that is if there is a glitch in the syastem and someone is on the highway and you stop dead in the middle of traffic and could potentually die. although one may depend on that car a glitch may be the reason someone died. numerous people count on their phones to help them out in the hastles of everyday life, but would one really be willing to put their lives into the hands of a machine? when riding with a new driver one may tend to be weary of the new driver because they have no experiance or as much knowlege, simply because its a new learning experiance for them. growing up some may have had to undergo a trust exercise were one would fall back onto someone elses arms without looking to see if theyd catch them. having a machine driving you is exactly like that exercise unless in this case instead of falling to the floor one may die. trust is a major role in having a driverless car because there is no telling what will happen. for example, smart phones glitch constantly and theyre not holding someones life in their hands. imagaine if a driveless car had a glitch and imagine the devistation. there are many variables but having a machine control the car isnt the way to go. to conclude, driveless cars would play a huge role into the future and when most people think of the future they think of flying cars and teleporters. saftey should come before everything and its important to recignize that someones life isnt in their own hands, theyre not in control of the car, and machines always have glitches! one may say that driveless cars are unsafe and unreliable and theyre correct.