the author states that despite the challenges venus presents in order to further explore it is worth of the danger that follows. the author states how venus is often refered to earths twin and becasue of this fact and how close venus is to earth obvious curiosity sparked missions in order to try to land a spacecraft on this clouddraped world named venus. although the author states how no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours and there have been numerous spacecrafts that have been sent on this mission it still should not stop us from trying again and finding solutions to these challenges. this ultimately leads the author to support the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. there are numours evdience in this article that support the main claim made in the article that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. first off the author states how venus has a temperature average over  degrees farrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experiance on our own planet or earth. the author even gives an anaology to show, with imagery, what thoses numbers look like as he says, such envioronment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of the our ocenas and would liquefy many metels. however this raises a question if venus is so inhospitable then why are there futher visits to its surface being discussed? this ties back into the origal claim the author supports as he says,  astronomers are fascinated by venus becasue it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus was proably covered largely with ocenas and could have have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the author is infering, because of these similarites between eartjh, it is only crutial that an expolration of venus happens soon, also becasue given the long time frame of the when the last spaceship tried to enter venuss atmosphere which was three decades ago. the authorr is infering how despite how dangerous it is, like we have seen in the past attempts to fly to venus, it is more worth it to be more proactive and find options to make a misson both safe and scientifically producitve to futher study the unanwered question of venus. futhermore the author states how nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. this way  a vehicle hovering over venus would aviod the unfriendly ground conditions. this is one possible solution the auhtor claims that nasa has come up with to at least try to get close to venus without damaging spacecrafts. with this approch the article even states they hope to send humans to venus too. however this approch has its down side because peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions. researchers cannot take smaples of rocks, gas or anything else, from a distance. this however supports authors claim that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. this is supported when he states that we should see this downside as a challenge to make it even better so we can ultimaly touch the suface of venus even despite the dangers that come with this. the author supports this by stating that, many resaerchers are working on inovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaninfully to our knowlegde ofvvenus. even despite the risk that eveyone knows by now scientists and reserchers find it worthy enough to keep studting venus and how to get a human on its surface. in conclusion, through out the article, the reader is given inshight to the dangers venus presents on what reserchers are trying to do today which is to get a human on venus. the author with evidence supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author makes it clear that these dangers do not have to be looked at in a negative way but rather can be looked at as challenges to try to overcome. he claims that these challenges venus presents have value becasue of how similar venus us to earth. the author infers his will untimilty lead to human curiosity which will lead to endevors yet to come. futhermore the author claims how setbacks should not make us quit and how our pursuit to venus should not be limited by dangers we find along the way. rather we should take that uncertinity and danger and us it to make venus a a worthy persuit to further reseach in the recent years to come.