the author in this passage is very supportive of his idea because he gives insight and talks about the entire picture instead of just the good about exploring venus. the author allows the audience to see the risks people need to take to explore venus. according to the author we cant get people on venus just yet because the conditions on the planet are just too severe. in the text it states  many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last. with this happening eventually we can send machines to venus that can survive the harsh conditions and further help us figure out how the planet was once supportive of life forms and help us figure out ways to inhabit the planet. while these machines are being worked on nasa is also working on a blimp like machine that can allow for a human to go to venus, but they wont be able to get samples of venus it will allow for a better picture of the planet and allow us to better observe and find out more about the planet. the author also provides the readers with ways that nasa is trying to accomplish with different electronics. the text states some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface. this allows the audience to see that when nasa goes to venus, they will be prepared for the harsh conditions and allow for a safer enviornment. they are also seeing if old computers could be a factor in being more cautionary on venus because the older computers were more durable and the parts may not melt like the computer do today because the older version computers were made of less electronics and more levers and things like that. the author wants the audience to know that these researchers are taking the precautions and making sure that their astronauts are going to be safe on this planet. the author provides thorough evidence to all sides of his idea to show the audience that he doesnt just think about the good in exploring venus he wants the readers to see how dangerous it actually is and all the equipment testing you need to be safe on this planet. it allows the readers to see the good and the bad in exploring venus but he also tries to sway your own idea of exploring venus.