kat was a twentytwo year old girl who was driving to the store late at night. she had realized that she needed to get her little brother a present for his birthday tomorrow. kat was tired from a long day of studying for her upcoming collage finals, so it didnt take long for her to pass out at the wheel. kats vehicle sped into a tree off to the side of the road. kat died from her injuries. but imagine kat had been guiding a driverless car. when kat fell asleep, the car would have sensed itself going off course and would have corrected its path or woken up kat. the advantages of a driverless car would apply to more than just kats situation. driverless cars would be a luxury for drivers all around the world due to their advanced safety features, automatic transportation, and convenience to the driver. the impact that driverless cars could eventually have is exponential. the article driverless cars are coming has many good points on to what they could do for the world in the future. at one point the article reads, ...how much smarter did the cars have to be? for starters, they needed a whole lot of sensors. the advancement of the sensors used would help to stop many of the car crash deaths in the united states and beyond. the automatic driving feature would give the driver so much time for other things. you could read a book on your way to work, or play a game with the kids while on a roadtrip. some say that a driverless car is much too dangerous, and that a machine can never be better than a human. they believe that humans will always be needed to drive cars. this is understandable as a computer driving a car is a foriegn concept. however, they would be wrong in their assumption. the smart cars being developed today are not more efficient than a human, however, this will most likely not be the case for long. with the current rate of technological development, we will have cars that can drive themselves without human assistance within the next  years. the next generation might be used to only learning the very basics of driving, as they might not need that skill. with all the good that driverless cars could do for the world, its a wonder anyone questions their value. the potential for safety and convenience is much to high to pass up on. driverless cars are the future of our roads. very soon, driverless cars will be sold at car dealerships and open to the public.