i would say that the facial action coding system is a big jump. humans have several emotions! there isnt just happy, sad, angry, surprised, fearful theres tons more. confusion, shocked, discrete, mesmerized, broken, depressed. depression is a far leap from sad. confusion is something most people commonly have. what if this computer doesnt have all of the emotions. half of the emojis you see on iphones and androids are the feelings we have, thats why we use them so frequently. i would believe that reading emotions could turn out to be a magnificent thing, but in other ways i feel it could make things worse. i would definitely agree with the a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. what would our teachers do then? there would be no reason to have a job as a teacher if a computer is teaching the students to learn their lessons. i do not agree with how our world is coming to be. theres too much technology around. do you think children can handle times without phones? theyd be outside more, communicating more. now weve got facial action coding systems around, to read someones emotion! what if someone doesnt want their emotions seen, so many kids hide their emotions so that they dont have to talk about how they feel. i feel ashamed of the united states of america. im growing up in a cruel undeciteful world of criminals, thieves, politicians who believe they rule my life, laws that are unreasonable, tecnology that could in all reality mess up the world in more cases? i do not support the facial action coding system. i believe that if this was true and around myself and others. i would never use a phone or computer again. there are ways for people to hack these things, can you imagine? if a computer is constantly watching you every second that it can to feel and help your emotions, could you think about who else might be watching? if you look at it in that point of you, this world is decieving and awful. what if you allow a computer to watch your emotions and then a few days later, you find out someone is watching you. a week later, youre laying on your kitchen flood with a gun shot wound, all because you let a computer read your emotions. using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face mona lisa. i would believe that our world is unsafe, someone constantly watching you and your emotions, what a thing weve come up with. they should stop partaking in activities that could get someone seriously injured or killed for that matter. if you have a facial action coding system, what will you do when youve got your laptop out and its open because youre listening to that new acdc song that just released and theres men staring at you get dressed because they hacked the system? they find out where you life, your profiles on facebook and snapchat, then what? they find where you live, who youre related to, friends, children, and you get raped or captured and kidnapped. i think these people need to realize that the cons of the facial action coding system, outweigh the pros.