have you ever heard of the seagoing cowboys program ? if you have not heard of this program you are missing out . the seagoing cowboys program helps with animals and people . i think you should sign up for this program if you can . it is fun , your helping while having a awesome time , and doing your part while being exited . first of all i think you should sign up for this program because its alot of fun .can you imagine traveling while helping others ? if you sign up for the seagoing cowboys program you get to see all types of sights . in the passage luke got to go to new orleans , and greece which shows you that you get to travel to awesome , mouth dropping sights. the passage states that luke says  the cattleboat trips were an unbelivable opportunity for a smalltown boy  which shows that this is not a waste of time . so you have alot of fun , get to see amazing sights , and its not a waste of time so why not sign up . second of all do you see how much help and care your giving . in the passage luke cared for animals during the crossing , he fed them , and cleaned after them . luke also severed as a night watchman for the animals , which means he was being on gard for the animals . him watching over the animals effected people by them not having to worry about the animals . luke also made hourly reports to the captain , while he was doing this he was also having fun . so luke helped alot while having fun , why not join today . third of all you are doing your part . everyone has a part to play , and everyone has to help in something . luke stayed up late to watch animals and gave reports to the captin , luke made his mark on the world and he didnt expect anything back , but he did get something he got to see mind blowing sights , meet new people and animals , and the satisfaction of knowing that he helped . so there are three important things that will make you think you should join the seagoing cowboys program , why would not you join . on the other hand people might say its not worth the time , you will have to leave home for some time , and you do not get anything out of it . well , it is worth the time because you get to see amazing sights , and meet amazing people and animals . yes , you will have to leave home but just think of all the stories you will have to tell . if people say you will not get anything out of joining the seagoing cowboy program , tell them you will see many sights , have alot of fun , and meet new people . so you do get something out of being in this program . in conclusion , i think you should sign up because you will help animals and people . you wll see alot of places , luke even went to europe . if you sign up you will do your part . also you will be happy and exited , nothing close to boredum while your with the seagoing cowboys program . so go and join the seagoing cowboy program !