what could come of harm from these driverless cars? there are two ways too look at this senaryo. on one side, yes, it would be cool to have a car that you do not even have to drive it hardly. on the other side, no, too much harm can come from these cars. i for one am totally against driverless cars for the following reasons technology glittches a lot, the driver could fall asleep, there is a lot of road work, and something could happen and the car could reck. has anyone ever had a piece of technology that did not glitch? in paragraph nine, the author asks one of the most important questions a driver of these cars would want to know if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this is a very important question, but of course the manufactuer says,  automkaers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. but will they really is the question. what if by fixing one problem, that creates more problems. we as a whole have to start saying no to the advances in techology or everyone is going to be hurting. in the passage that is provided, it states somewhere in there that the drivers have to stay alert because sometimes the car will need a driver, but if the driver accidently falls asleep and the alarm glitches then what will happen? that is one of the very big problems of these driverless cars. start asking yourself questions. will this car be safe? no, because they run of technology and its not like everything is perfect. yes, maybe it would cut the rate of car crashes down from drunk drivers, but what if it doesnt? my last reason of saying no is kind of adding onto my other two reaosns, but when there is a lot of road work, and there is, especially in the bigger cities, what is going to happen. boom, another car crash. i have stated many different reasons on why these driverless cars are not a good idea, so its now time for you to choose. do you want to take the chance of the technology glitching, or you falling asleep, or maybe even falling asleep in a constructin zone? i dont think you do.