have you ever wanted to travel around the world and help people and animals at the same time? well you can if you join the seagoing cowboys program. the seagoing cowboys program is an excellent program to join because of the experience, jobs you could do, and the cost. most people have a great time on this trip because they can visit many places and sightsee while they are helping others and animals near you. i have visited places like greece and italy. i got to ride a gondola in venice and visit an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal when i was on my way to china. when we were dropping off animals, we had time to play games like baseball, volleyball, tabletennis, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling. one night, i was on the boat and i got the job of being a night watchman for the boat and the crew. since the boat was full of animals, i had to check up on them every hour for the entire night. to be in this program, there arent many requirements to get accepted. the requirements are that you have to have a diploma from the high school you went to and you have to be devoted to helping animals and humans around you. you also have to show respect to the captain and our crew members and you must show good character toward many others. luckily, there isnt any cost to be included in this amazing program. i was working two parttime jobs which were a grocer and a banker before my friend, don reist, invited me to travel the world with him in a cattle boat. the boat i got boarded on was the ss charles w. wooster and we were heading to greece and  horses and hay were on board. it was obviously an interesting and marvelous experience. to sum up my thoughts, boarding the ss charles w. wooster and signing up for the seagoing cowboys program was the best decision i have ever made and it was the best thing that has happened to me in my entire life. with the experience, cost, and job options you have on the cargo ship, it is an excellent choice to make. id suggest that you sign up for the seagoing cowboys program in the future.