mona lisas facial expressions were determined by the facial action coding system. it determined that she was  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angery dalto. this super hightech machine can identify your emotions based on analyzing the muscles in your face. but is the technology really needed in classrooms? the knowledge of emotional expressions to teachers can be very beneficial. everyone knows that kids dont learn the same and keep up at the same pace. teachers could use this for kids to know how comfortbale they are with the lesson. in the text it states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor dalto. this shows that facs can help students who dont understand the lesson, by looking at their facial expressions, and changing the lesson to fit them. others would argue that facial expressions for every person and emotion are different. as the author pointed out in the text, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal dalto, people will disbelieve because not every person shows the same emotion the same way. some oppossers would argue that the addition of the system to education would drastically bring up the cost. making schools more expensive and put schools at an advantage. although i agree with the fact that not every face makes the same expression, facs can identify the way the muscles move to indicate the emotion. in the text it states, this process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles dalto. this quote shows how the system works and to identify the muscle movement in your face. while, yes the cost of education will increase due to the addition of facs, the benefits will outway the costs. like any technological addition to schools, they use funds and sponsors to help pay for that stuff. helping kids find a new way to learn and helping them succeed, seems a lot more important than costs. in conclusion, the facial action coding system will help teachers and students world wide succeed. when teachers know how to fix their lessons based on how their students learn, it makes the job easier for them and they get to see their students grow. although the facs was able to identify mona lisas facial expressions, they can be used for so much more in the real world.