in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author suggets that studing venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. the author gives us a lot of information of venus. also, the author tells us why its so worhty. the first reason why its worhty to sutdy venus would be because numerous of factors contribute that venus is a challenging planet for humans to study. the second reason is that in the article the author mentions that in venus is sometimes around the corner in space termshumans have set numerous spacecraft to land on his clouddrapped world lastly the author mentions that the nasa is compelling an idea to send humans to stufy in venus. in the article when the author mentioned that its a challenging planet to study would be because in our solar system venus is the second planet from our sun and venus is actualy a planet. venus is one of the brightest points in the night. also another reason why venus is so hard to examine would be because its occasionaly the closest to earth. another challenging reason would be that venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet. therefor these reason add up doesnt seem like a safe place for humans to study the second reason why the author suggets that studying venus is worthy would be because the author mentions that its right around the corner in space terms each have been unnamed, and for that reason no spacecraft has survived the landing more then a few hours. that tells us how bad the planet is now imagine sending a human. despite of the things that has happend the author makes a conclusion that maybe thats why no spaceship has touched down on venus in more of three decades. if you think about it if a spaceship hasnt touched down there now why would a human want to. lastly , the biggest detail that came from the article was that nasa is woking on other ways to study venus. the reason why it stood out the most was that if the author why lying about it being so worhty then i dont think nasa would waste time on this project. nasa has some simplified electornics made of silcon carbide and they have tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of the venus and it has lasted while being in good conditions. the athor also mentioned that nasa has much more projects in order to be able to study venus. in conclussion after reading the artcle the author has given enough information on why the author belives that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the way the author described venus would be that it isnt a happy or chill place to be at but the author did point out that its very challenging and awarding planet to study. not anyone can go to venus its not safe. so far nasa might be the first to be able to study venus well and theyll be the first to feel that big accomplishment.