everybody wants privacy. sometimes it is a good thing to leave a person alone, whether he or she is feeling sad, happy or angry. using this facial action coding system to read the emotional expressions of students is not valuable. there might come a time when a person is sad because he or she has lost a loved one. that person probably would not want anyone knowing how he or she is feeling at the moment. if a computer is used to understand his or her emotions, it could cause that person to be more upset or sad. the computer could acknowledge emotional expressions, but it still has yet to learn how to respond in a situation where that person needs help. in paragraph six, the author states that a computer can know whether youre feeling happy or sad, confused or bored. in school, when a student needs help, the person can just raise his or her hand to get help from the teacher. a computer will most likely use complicated words to modify the lesson. the problem is the new technology can read emotions, but it cannot really understand the person as much as a human being can. on most of the paragraphs in this article, paragraph eight for example, the author describes about how the computer looks at facial expression to understand someones emotion. in school, there are shy kids who are afraid to ask for help. normally, those shy kids are smart students who get good grades. it is true that one cannot just assume all shy kids are smart. but in this case, it is more likely that a shy student will ask help from a teacher, who can understand him or her a little bit better, than a computer that can just read facial expressions. this technology could also end friendships or relationships. in paragraph seven and eight, the author mentioned that the computer can recognize the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. this would mean that there is no way to hide your emotions. for example, two friends get in an argument because one person was jealous of the other one. in most cases, that jealous person could have hidden his or her emotions, but with the new technology, the other person will know. sometimes, it is a good thing to be able to hide emotions and feelings from other people. using technology that can read students emotional expressions is not a good idea. for one, it is most likely a computer will not do a better job at teaching students than a human teacher. also, computer cannot show empathy to someone who is going through a tough time. last but not least, this technology programmed to be helpful could unintentionally end friendships or relationships. computers may be useful in many cases, but they can never really do as much as humans.