my postition on driverless cars is that i am totally not for the idea of it. . in the article it did say that theere are some difficulties. although there will need to be a driver still behind the wheel at all times the car will still drive itself most of the time, only needing assistance during road construction or traffic blocks, things in that catagory. knowing in todays society people will not be paying attention when it comes to this, theyll most likey be payin more attention to their electronic devices. the furture is all about having new technology and basically making everyones lifes easier cause everyone is getting extremely lazy. like hoverboards or driverless cars this is not okay. the movie wallee for exaple everyone gets so caught up in technology and being lazy that they loose sight of what is actually important. whose to say that these cars wont malfunction and possibly kill the driver and maybe everybody else inside the vechicle. whose to say that these cars wont cause more death since teens will think they wont have to worry about driving and have their eyes and hands glued to their phones. whose to say that these cars wont speed up the process of global warming? people today think that technology is more important than family, playing outside, communicating with people face to face, or even saying hello to a complete stranger. everyone is addicted to eletronics, they want whats new and more advanced. they want technology to be their first priority. so far in  we have hoverboards that malfunction, cause fire, injure people in crital ways, and are on recall, whose to day these driverless cars will be any different. in my opinion i belive they just want to make life easier but theyre turning people less human. they think technology is more important when its actaully killing the earth. there are so many cars that are being recalled for not installing something or just not safe proofing it first. what will make these driverless cars any different? in the article it tells how they still need assistance at work sites and traffic jams, braking or backing out of driveways but what if the driver thinks they dont need to do anything and they dont brake and crash? will they fix the cars to have automatic breaking. pretty much every car brand wants to make driverless cars, depending on which one you choose will they all be similar and safe to drive? will fraffic be easier and safer if drivers arent driving? will drunk drivers not cause deaths to themselves or pedestrians? will texting or car karoke not become a life and death situation between the driverless cars and the not needed drivers? in conclusion they should not make driverless cars, if cars today arent that safe whose is to say that these cars will be safer? nobody can know the furture to nobody knows if good or bad is to come from these cars. will the owner of the vehicile or the manufactorer have to pay or take responsiblity if there is an accident? will they both have to pay ? would you let your technology addicted teenager drive this vechicle? this is just another way to get people to be even lazier and pay more attention to their technology, and who knows if itll cause more injuries or deaths like the new hoverboards.