what would you think if a computer could read your emotions? the facial action coding system is supposed to be on your computer and read your emotions. professors at the university of amsterdam and the university of illinois are trying to work with the system to help their students. if you would use this system in a classroom it would be effective because it could recognize when you have mixed feeling about something or someone, when you are confused about something in class, and when you have empathy for someone else. the system could help in class when someone has mixed emotions about someone or something. the article stated,even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. in class, kids show different emotions all the time. the system would help when they were confused about a subject. if a student is confused about a subject, then they wont be productive in class. the article also stated that the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. every human has several different emotions, but one emotion could represent more than one. the students could have mixed emotions about it. the system could help figure out how the student is feeling about something. the system not only helps with the mixed emotions aspect, but also the part where you dont quite understand something. students in classes will get confused or bored while in class. this use of technology will be valuable by realizing it and wanting to help. dr. huang predicted that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored.this system on the computer could help teachers and students realize when you arent quite understanding a topic. the computer could then have a modified version of the lesson for the student to help get them to understand. dr. huang said, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the computer could help fill in as a teacher to help the confused student. if the student is taking a class online, then the computer could realize the emotion of the student and help out. this use of technology is not only going to be valuable for when the student doesnt understand something, but also when a person shows empathy. most people show empathy towards one another, and this technology could help show when someone is showing empathy. the article stated that  you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. when your friend shows how they feel, you can be effected by it too. the system could help realize if you are not your usual self because you may have empathy for someone else. your emotions could get you distacted from your school work, and then you might struggle in that class. the article aslo stated that  faces dont lie these muslce clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. the computer will be able to tell when you have a false emotion on your face. if you arent being honest with your emotions, then the emotions the computer realizes could effect how you work in class. having a system to help read when you have mixed emotions, are confused, or have empathy is why the facial action coding system can help students in the classroom. the way student feel and act can effect the way students do in their school work. the facial action coding system would be valuable for students in school.