the author evaluated their ideas about visiting venus well in their essay, however, they did have some aspects that could be improved upon. their introduction lacked a strong thesis which can have a negative impact on the rest of the essay if their claims arent strongly proven. despite their weak thesis, their claims made later in the essay were strongly proven. not only did the author give basic background knowledge of venus and two main reasons as to why studying venus could benefit the human race, but they also gave a solution to the dangers that came with exploring the planets.. in the introduction paragraph, the author didnt give a strong thesis to state their clame. when making a thesis you want to include what claims you will be covering in the essay and what you are trying to prove. the only claim the author gave was in the last sentence of the paragraph where they stated, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. they didnt give specifics as to what claims they will make to prove that venus should be examined and their vocabulary seemed limited when they used the word very. throughout the second and third paragraphs of the essay, the writer gave background knowledge of venus compared to earth. this was a good decision because they later used some of the facts that were stated to strengthen their reasoning as to why venus should be visited and examined. they stated how hard it was to examine venus and how dangerous the planet was for life. the planet would not be able to sustain human life due to its harsh terrain and harsh weather. one of the reasons scientists are studying venus is because they believed that venus looked like what modernday earth does at one point. the writer bringing up how unhabitable venus is strengthens their argument on why we need to study venus and their belief that because this happened to venus, then it could potentially happen to earth. writing about how venus used to be like earth and why thats important is a strong point to support the writers claim. when writing a persuasive or argumentative essay, including how what the author is writing about can benefit the reader is a way to persuade the reader to agree with the author. in the essay, the writer talks about two different ways that learning about venus can benefit the human race. the first reason has to do with benefiting the way that humans are able to survive on earth. finding out what changed venus to become inhabitable can stop the potential for the same to happen to earth. the next reason they argued, in paragraph , was that if something happens to earth, venus is in close proximity. one day, the earths surface may become dangerous for human life and humans must flee to the nearest planet to survive. the author believes that finding out the exact conditions of venus and finding a way to sustain human life on the planet would greatly benefit the human races future. lastly, the writer gives a solution to the most important problem stated in the essay, that it would be difficult for humans to live on venus or even visit it. throughout the fifth and sixth paragraph, the author talks about how research has already been done to find ways for humans to live on earth. they even provide ideas of the their own for how humans can live on venus. pointing out problems with your ideas but then solving them is a strong way to argue your point because it eliminates the question of will it fail? and might answer some questions that readers have when reading the essay. overall, the author argues their points well. the structure of their essay has some aspects that can and should be changed, such as the introduction paragraph. the author showed why their claim was important to the reader and answered the how will it be done? part of their claim. answering the how will it be done? part of the claim can eliminate doubt among the reader and strengthen the argument that the writer is trying to get across to the reader.