since , google has beent attempting to develop driverless cars, but is that something that is needed in everyday life? the use of driverless cars will lead to a lesser development of the mind and body, chronic laziness, and could put people in grave danger. the mind is something that needs to be excersized in order to excel. with the use of driverless cars, the mind will not be able to advance. being able to drive will allow the drivers mind to grasp its surroundings, but also to gather information quickly. the mind would not be the only part of the driver to be ridden its abilities, the eyes would be too. eyes are also an essential factor when it comes to driving because they need to be put to use, and if not, they have a chance of not developing properly. the use of driverless cars will also lead to laziness in the mere future. learning how to drive is a key factor to everday tasks, if taken away, it is one less action that technology will rid people of. the drivers attention will grow to become deprived too, if they do not need to solely focus on the road and their surroundings. with these cars, they need to be able to focus, in case a problem occurs paragraph . driverless cars could provide people with the time they need to relax and just enjoy the ride, but overall would not be beneficial because it could put them in grave danger. the driverless car is not able to indicate if the driver is awake or not, it is just able to feel the drivers hands on the wheel paragraph . the driver could fall asleep at the wheel and the car would continue to drive. also, if people do not know how to drive without the driverless functions, and are out driving when their car breaks down, they could be stuck in a serious emergency. although driverless cars seem like a great reality, they are still harmful and flawed. the use of our main functions have a high chance of deminishing if they cannot be used, there will be no to have true motive, and people could be put in harmful situations. is the progression of driverless cars something that is crucial to living as people are seeking it to be?