i think we not should keep electoral college. i thinks it not fair. al gore won the electoral votes and won the popular vote and still lost the presidency. also, you are not evening voting for the persident you are voting for slate of electors to pick the president. it is not like you can, can control who the slate electors pick. it is also hard to understand and it can get confusing as well. there is two different groups thay pick the president and vicepresidents. the people who pick the vicepresident is the senate. each indivaule state only casts one vote. for example the single representative from wyoming, represent , voters, would have as much sayar the  representatives from california, who represents  million voters. bradford plumer the indefensible electoral college wht even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong. in elcetoral college thy have a system were winnertakeall system in each state. ... candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning... bradfors plumer. but each party slecets a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nomineeand that trust is rarely betrayed... richard a. posnoer in defense of the electoral coolege five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing a president when you read this and in pretheace it say the and that trust is rarly betrayed what do you think? is it okay to say you will do something and then say hey i am going to change my mind after people vote becaise they like what i said? no it is nopt okay. if you say you are going to to do something and your state is counting on you, you need to keep you word and do what you said. also, why is it the big states get more attention than the small states? should an it be all the same? it is also easier for the goverment. but i still think it need to be fair. i think it should be equal. each candidates running for president in your state has hi ot her own group of elecotors. the office of the ferderal register  what is the electoral college? i think we should get rid of electoral college. there is a lot of trust problem and it is very confusing and hard to understand. it needs to be simple and easy and honset. it needs to be were you vote for the president and the vicepresident. not were you vote for for some one to do the voting. i also, think the number of electoral votes need to be the same and not all be differnet.