is this a break in on personal space? that was my first concern when learning about this technology to be used in a classroom setting. i think that there is a good side to this technology, but also a creepy side to this. i do not personally believe that it is a good system to be used in classrooms for a couple reasons, and this is why. i believe that not everyone wants to have a computer in their classroom reading and analyzing their face. i think that not everyone wants to truly show their emotions and have a computer put them out for other people to see. some students struggle with alot of things in life and they have the right to keep that to themselves if they want. if someone is going through some struggles, having a computer read their emotions and then portray them to somone else will just make the other person want to help. sometimes more attention is not what people need, they might just need some time or space. this also leads to it being a break in on personal space. i think it is creepy to have a computer looking into your emotions on a regular day in class. i definitly believe that my fellow peers would also find it a creepy technology and would also not want it. i also belive that it is a waste of money due to the high cost it would probably require. this technology seems prett expensive due to how advanced it is and i believe that the money could be spent on other usefull things. i do think it is important to make learning more indiviualized, so kids are not just bored in class and do not actually learn. i believe that this should be done with better teachers who care about the students future, not just there to make their payroll. i do see a good side to this, but in a law enforcement appliation. they could use it whenever interogating someone to see if they are lying or keeping other parts of the story out. overall i truly do think that this is a cool technology, but i think that it is also somewhat a waste of time and there are bigger things to worry bout in the world. i do not believe that this is usefull in a classroom. also all systems have their flaws and they did not say how accurate it is. this could be used to something good but i just do not see the application in a classroom.