no motorvehicles? yeah i know sounds crazy but it is actually very true and very helpful to our mother nature. around the world there have been an ample amount of experiments and even permanent instances that show off the marvelous wonders of no motor vehicles. from the alps of vauban, germany to down the street in paris, france to even meet the other side of the world in bogota, colombia. where there have been complete motor vehicle banning even going to the extreme of redesigning the whole city just to fit there suburban type customs but without the vehicles. even just a simple banning for two days on motor vehicles just to clean up the air from time to time. as well as having a yearly event where all motor vehicles except for buses and taxis are banned all day long. in vauban, germany they host home to about , residents within a rectangular mile. with absolutely no motor vehicles, they are forbidden. i think its actually pretty nice to have a suburban town where the whole town doesnt even have room for motor vehicles. roads, street parking, parking lots, driveways, and home garages all do not exist in this town. they take it to the extreme where as to live in the town if you own a motorvehicle you must sell your motor vehicle first.  perecent of families do not own cars and  perecent sold a car to move into vauban. and if you are to own a car you must purchase your own car space at the very edge of the city wich cost up to ,, along with the price of your home. alot of people around the world support this even here in the united states the environmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities and legislators are begining to act. after paris came to a near record pollution level they enforced a parial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. one monday motorists with even numbered license plates were demanded to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine or the the equivalant of . the same would apply to the odd numbered plated that following tuesday. near , drivers were fined according to a international news agency headquatred in london. paris typically has more smog than other european capitals with  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared to  in brussels, and . in london. there smog rate was so bad they rivaled the city of beijing, china which is known as the most polluted city in the world. the congestion in was down  percent in the capital of france after fivedays of incredibly increasing smog. but with the ban the smog cleared up enough monday for the ruiling french party to rescind the ban for the odd numbered plates by tuesday. it was the third consecutive year that motor vehicles besides buses and taxis were baned from the capital of bogota, colombia. but this third year other major cities like cali and valledupar, joined the event. this day is specifically without cars is part of an improvement campain that began in bogota in the mids as an improvement campain. and it has worked it has cleaned up the environment in all three cities. parks and sport centers have also blosssomed throughout the city. unequal, jagged sidewalks have been replaced by smooth sidewalks and rush hour has dramatically cut traffic out of the picture while restaurants and upscale shopping districts have been on the rise. this culture is very quickly spreading throught the entire world. even here in the united states, president barack obama