worldwide, more and more car companies have been introducing new products and services for the growing population. however, many places such as vauban, germany are now putting a pause on this polluting production with smart planning movements and new law enforcements. motor vehicle companies have produced millions of new vehicles, all with the latest additives. some, with bullet proof window, others with high speed turbo engines. many csr lovers fancy the best cars and sometimes the most. cars are the most used mode of transportation, used daily to get people from one place to another. most have even looked to the future to see flying cars and such things as seen in cartoons and animations. cars are an attraction for many. these car companies will have a negative outcome from this movement across the globe. do we really need to take away the cars? though cars are seen as an everyday tool, is it really safe? scientists have proven that the smog from these car engines pollute the atmospher. cold nights and warm days cause warmer layers of air to trap car emissions, polluting the very air we breath. congestion contributes to the amount of emissions and also the hectic bundle att stoplights and highways. some have also stated that congestion brings tension in people. due to this damaged to the earth, many organizations and countries have enforced laws and rules for a carfree environment. places such as vauban, germany have forbidden any form of car storage and transporting. paris bans car driving after days of nearrecord pollution and in bogota, colombua many left their car at home for a day to clear the streets and the air. these moements have seen progress woth reviews from many o how the smog free zones release the tension in the people and lower air pollution. in america, transportaion is the second largest source of emissions. president barack obama has plans to reduce this statistic. americas statistics shows that its people are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer lincenses as each year goes by. this makes obamas plan a step closer to being complete. car usage can therefore be depleted and the atmosphere can be saved. car companies will have a negative impact from this but these countries are seeing better results from it. limting car usage is not the end of the world. more transportation is out there and the less cars, the less stress.