dear state senator, i am here to inform you that you should change election to a popular vote for the president of the united states. this is due to the fact that as of now americans vote to elect their president, but what good is that if they dont even recieve what they want? what is even the point of voting? saying this, i agree with source two on its point, its official the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. this is backed up with data from the same article stating that voters cant even control whom their electors vote for. this is clearly why  percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. without a doubt if you cared for your people, the people who support you and give you your job opportunity, you would see that you should abolish this electoral college. even a blind man could see that. you may be wondering if your people think this is such a bad idea, why would our founding fathers impliment something so horindess? as you see electoral college was established in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens, says source . although that sounded great at the time, today electoral college is frowned upon because majorly because of its winnrtakeall system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. as if that wasnt unfair enough, the electors dont even necessarily have to vote for their states choice. this would be similar to if i was infatuated with a color, i then asked my team what our team color should be and after taking a vote, i chose the color i preferred because i was bias even though my whole team disliked it. this is obviously the wrong way to run our election ecspecially the most important in our country. on the other hand i do understand that there are some advantages to an electoral college. these include, mentioned in source , a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaignthan a small state does. this is fair because there are more people in big states then small therefore big states should get more of a voice. although in popular vote big states would still get the bigger vote because there are more people voting therefore they have more votes. this is why i think the middle man should just be cut out leaving us with a popular vote. according to the facts it is clear to me that the electoral college should be siezed. i think it is unnecessary as well as unfair. when we think of voting for our president, that is what we want to do. voting for our president does not include voting for someone who may or may not choose our choice. also if we chose our president by popular vote all the votes that werent majority would add up and possibly make the difference between the vote results. this is why it is unfair to simply use majority rule for each state and practically erase the other votes off the table. as you can see state senator your people vote to elect their ruler. why deny them of this oppurtunity. it is clear to me that the electoral college may have been a good concept to our founding father but when applyed is not the best decision. this is why i think you should change to an election by popular vote for president of the united states.