the things that scientists are doing and the dangers that they are going to have to go through to find out about venus is wild, but it is worth it because we need to find out if their are things that we dont know. studying venus is worthy to explore despite the dangers is very importsnt because nasa is making a way to send humans to study venus by floating, scientists are trying to make a metal that can be stable for venuss temperatures, and scientists are tring to figure out if thier was life before. nasa is making a way to send humans to study venus by floating! doesnt this seem to be extream? well in paragraph  it states at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to sea level on earth. this shows that it could be possible that humans can go to venus to test studies. also in paragraph  it states nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. this shows that scientists are actually tring to find out ways even though the conditions are dangerious. scientists are trying to make a metal that can be stable for venuss temperatures. scientists are actually tring to put electonics made out of certian metal to see if it can handle a bit of venuss heat. i know this because in paragraph  it states for example, some simplified electronics made out of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have laasted for three weeksin such conditions this shows that some metals or a thing can handle the heat of venus but they are still trying to find ways to get the information they need. in pragraph  it also states another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. this shows that scientists are trying different things. scientists are tring to figure out if thier was life before. on planet venus there are features that are almost like or are the same to earth. i know this because in paragraph  it states long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to thise on earth. the planet has a suface of a rocky sedimant and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this shows that there is a way that venus could have had life and living things on venus. this also shows that we really need to see and find a way to get on venus to see what we are missing out on. studying venus is worthy to explore despite the dangers is very importsnt because nasa is making a way to send humans to study venus by floating, scientists are trying to make a metal that can be stable for venuss temperatures, and scientists are tring to figure out if thier was life before. the author has many things to support that we should study venus even though the danger it could bring on a human. in the last paragraph it states our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. i felt like this last sentence says everyhting and that the author really thinks that we should adventure no matter what the danger.