do aliens live on mars? some people belive that the face found on mars was created by aliens. this information is unaccurate. the face on mars was not created by aliens, it is actually a natural landform. the face of mars is a natural landform which can be proven by research conducted by nasa. nasa claims that the face seen by the viking  photo in  is mearly a natural landform. this can be proven by information found on april ,  when garvins team captured an image at . meters, compared to the  meters per pixel in . with this amount of precision, other things created by aliens would have been able to have been witnessed as well. nasa is also the most trusted and deserving space agency because of past information that is trusted by most of the world. nasa has also released a statement saying that the martian butte or mesa are landforms common around the american west. garvin says, it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. in this article, there is evidence that proves that the face on mars is a natural landform. this information can be shown in paragraph  where it says, huge rock formation...which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. this information shows that nasa knows that this was made by shadows and not aliens. also, in paragraph  where it states, as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger that the pixel size, he added.  so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! this statement proves that since there was no other evidence pointing toward the fact of aliens creating this face, there is only one explanation which is that the face is a natural landform just as we have here on earth. furtermore, in paragraph , the author mentions that the the picture, is the martian equvalent of a butte or mesa. humans have buttes and mesa down on earth which are natural landforms. this proves that the landforms there could have been created the same way on mars as they were on earth. in conclusion, the face on mars is actually just a natural landform that happened to have the perfect shadowing at the perfect time. the theory that aliens created this landform is outragous compared to the facts given by nasa to prove that this is a landform.