in the article  making mona lisa smile the auhor explains that a new peice of technology can calculate a humans emotions called the  facial action coding.but is it really worth the students time to use technology just to learn about theirs or other feelings?. its just a waste of time. the technology can only do one thing as the article shows and its just to show what ones emotion are. in the article paragraph  it states that  in fact, we humans preform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. this cleary shows just by looking at a friends face you can tell if they are okay or not, so we dont need a device to do it for us. in paragraph  it states  for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a smilar as appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow.but if you frown, the next ad will be diffrent. this shows that just a facial expression can chnage a ad , but is it really that helpful?, not many people watch ads as it is, they skip them. in paragraph  it also states  most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. this shows that human communication is nonverbal for a good part but why does emotional communication need to be useful? what would we do with the results we got when we test the emotion device? text a friend and show what youre feeling for a quick second?. students will maybe use it at first , but will get tired of it because it just shows emotions and nothing else. in paragraph  it states  your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. this states your home computer cant show the emotons. so by that means you will need a certain device and that will be expensive. why would a school spend lots and lots of money just for a dveice that shows emotions thta nobody will enventually use. also is paragraph  it states  these are the instructions for a face that looks happy.... they even indicate the diffrence betweena genuine smile and a forced one. this shows the indication of a forced smile and a real one , but which people can tell if thier friends have a real or fake smile. in conclusion we do not need a device to tell us our emotions. we can tell out emiotions and our freinds can too. this device is a waste of time and money for students. the students will use it a couple of times and wont use it because its programmed only to do one thing and thats to show our emotions. this device is not valuable for students just to show emotions.