i believe that driverless cars are a bad idea and i would not support the idea. they would cause many deaths and they can cause a lot of harm. they can also cause a lot of crashes. also, most people dont have a fast reflex to prevent crashes. they are going to cost a fortune to keep producing them and a lot of money to produce the kind of road for the kind of car. the cars will cause many deaths because a computer is controling it and the car wouldent stop where its supposed to stop due to a mistake in their sensors. that can also happen due to the driver not paying attention to the road. the person driving could push the limit of the car and anything could happen. the car would lose control and crash killing some people. the cars are going to cost a fortune due to road improvements. also the materials needed for the sensors which cost about two hundred million dollars. this just goes to show how much the cars will cost. the car also needs to be fixed sooner or later so the cars parts will cost a fortune to get. if the car is crashed who could you blame? the people driving the car or the people who created it? this will be a big problem to the bisness owners if the car decides to malfunction and cause a lot of damage or cause a life to end. the car could be damaged and the driver would not know because the person is not controling it but the comoputer is. hacking is also a big problem in this world and if google decides to sell this car, hackers could take control of it. these cars could be a potential thret to the environment and to inocent people. the cars would need a lot of secruity for this problem and could cost more than the needs to be. i am against driverless cars because of hidden dangers in these cars. by me proving this point, i belive that people that want this car will soon regret it due to dangers. the car would cost a fortune, and a lot of damage. the car also needs assistance so think of this is the car driving by itself or are you really driving it?