in the article the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers because of how he described the astronomers as fascinated and curious. the author is using those descriptive words to show how even though it could be dangerous, it is worth it. in the article the author shows his strong support for the exploring of venus. he states, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this shows how he desribes venus as fascinating and that illustrates the passion to explore despite the dangers. he also stated, therefore scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. or maybe we should think of them as challenges. the author says that they should maybe think of the risks as challenges when exploring venus becuase of the want to understand venus. this shows how they so badly want to understand venus thast they should just disregard the dangers of it. the author then goes onto say how venus has an insight to be gained and assuming that the insight is worth the dangers. he states,  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value becuase of the insight to be gained on the planet itself. the value the author brings up the quote is being used to show how the challenges are worth the value and that the exploring of venus is worth the dangers. the author also describes the astronomers as curious, he states,  human curiousity will likely lead us to many equally intimidating endeavors. he is stating how they are so curious and that they are so curious that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers. in the article, the challenge of exploring venus the author very cleary states how exploring and studying venus is worthy of the dangers that come with it. the author shows this by saying how fascniated and curious astronomers are, by saying this he is inferring that they are willing to do what they can to venture out onto venus and do what they can to find out more about it even with the dangers attatched to doing so.