in the article making mona lisa smile, the author nick dalto describes how a new technology known as the facial action coding system facs enables computers to identify human emotions. in a classroom setting, this technology would prove itself to be vital and crucial. for example, if a student is becoming bored or confused, then the lesson would modify itself to fit the students interests. i believe that the use of this technology in a classroom is valuable. there are many benefits to having the facs in any class setting. for example, if a group of students became tired and uninterested, the facs would identify this and change the lesson to change the students emotions. if james were to suddenly become uninterested in the lesson, then the computer system would modify the lesson. then, james would become interested in the lesson again. facs can monitor the facial expressions of him to identify specific emotions. he might be  disgusted,  happy, and  angry. after the system modifys the lesson to the interest of james, then he might become  happy and  disgusted. the science behind the facs is simple. in paragraph , the process of the facs is explained. the process starts when the computer makes a d model of any face the model include all  major muscles. the six basic emotions can be associated happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, and sadness. if a teacher were to have difficulty in identifying a specific emotion in a student, then the computer system could aid the teacher. if a student were to become angry at a fellow learner, then the nacs could identify this and the teacher can intervene before any aggression can occur. if a student was feeling sad, but had trouble showing emotions, then the computer could analyze the facial expressions to calculate the specific emotions. in paragraph , an idea is that the software can even identify mixed emotions. like in leonardo da vincis work, the mona lisa, the mixed expressions can be calculated. even if an individual were to hide their emotions, the facial action coding system is still able to figure the emotions. this can prove helpful in identifying if a student needs aid, because their mixed emotions can be figured out. teachers would have to worry less about figuring out how a student feels. in the article making mona lisa smile, the author describes how a new technology called the facs enables computers to identify human expressions and emotions. the classroom setting would be dramatically improved, because the interests of students would be incorporated into the lessons. teachers would have to put less worry into figuring out expressions. students can be interested in school, because of the facs. this new technology is crucial and valuable in educating students, and it should be used in all schools if possible.