in the story the challenge of exploring venus there are so many reasons for why humans should not go to venus and explore. i agree with the author, the reason why is because first of all venus is the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, it has beyond high pressure and heat. if you want to hear more reasons for why the author and i agree that it is dangerous to go to venus then keep on reading the story. venus, in the text it states that venus the most hottest planet in our solar system can average over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than we experience on our own planet. if you think about it who would want to go to a planet that is over  degrees farenheit, this is beyond hot weather, you would get heated up and be thirsty every single minute, and eventually you will run out of water. another example is  each previous mission was unmanned, and for more good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spacehip has touched down on venus in more than three decades. many astronauts have attempt to go to venus but everytime they get into an accident. venus also has beyond pressure too. an example is that  beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. they havent even landed on the planet and these are some causes they can get when they are trying to land. astronauts have a hard job they have to risk their lives to study outside of this world and study a whole new world. another example is that at thirty plus miles surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but not survivable for humans. these example shows why these people should not go to a new world and study. after reading this you might also think its a bad thing to study a new world, yeah it would be great to learn what they have but have you ever thought what bad things could happen to you while you try to land or when you landed already. the difficulties you will face. hard to survive, not having enough food and water. this all shows for why the despite the dangers.