what do you think about driverless cars? i think driverless cars could be very beneficial in the future for many people. i think these cars could fundamentally change the world, they would need smart roads or smart cars, and also most driving laws focus on keeping people safe. what do you think about driverless cars? i think these cars could fundamentally change the world, because its like a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. the cars that sergey foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. what do you think about driverless cars? without the option of smarter roads, manufactures turned to smarter cars. for example, they needed a whole lot of sensors. googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the review mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. this input combination is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of human beings at the wheel. what do you think about driverless cars? most driving laws focus on trying to keep people safe in or out of the car, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. the negative side i am trying to get at is that if these cars are made and the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? what this is trying to prove is that if there is an accident no one would know who to blame because there is a driver, hes just not in control of the car because it is driverless. what do you think about driverless cars? i think they could actually be very beneficial to many people in the world. mnay car companies plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . the road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination every day. what do you think about driverless cars?