did you ever think that a computer can tell a humans emotions? the new facial action coding system has been developed and it improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. dr. huang and his colleague are trying to develop better ways for humans and computers to communicate. the facial action coding system can tell your emotions, if you are sad, happy, suprised, angry, etc. on the mona lisa, leonardos painting, they found out that she is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. so should the facial action coding system be used in a classroom to read students emotional expressions? yes, it should not be used in the classroom. it should be used in the classroom because it can help students learn better. in paragraph  it says,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. if you are confused or bored with something it will be harder for you to learn because you are not interested in the topic or how it is being taught. also in paragraph  it says then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instrustor. so if you are bored with something, this computer could modify to make you more interested in the topic and it will help you pay more attention. also, if you are confused about something the facial action coding system can help you better understand stuff. dr. huang says in paragraph  that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional connection. it is also a good way for humans and computers to communicate. aslo, a student could be hiding an emotion, so if you have this system you could find out what their emotions are, and you can try to help them out. should there be a facial action coding system in every classroom? will there be a facial action coding system in every classroom that can tell students emotions? is it a better way for humans and computers to communicate? you can tell many things from someones emotions. who could have thought that making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions.