emotions and being able to recognize them when they occur have a lot to do with our human ability to learn and pick up information. if perhaps, one is feeling confused, it would be much harder for them to be able to retain information being thrown at them. we see this a lot in the educational environment. at school, students must be attentive and ready to learn before they are actually able to start the process of learning. this goes handinhand with the idea that schools, as well as the education system shoud pay more attention to students emotions towards subjects, contrasting enthusiasm to pick up a new idea with boredom followed by inability to focus. this being said, the new software being used to detect emotion from facial expressions could be a rather helpful tool in the everyday classroom for years to come. every student has a different set of feelings, all are complex creatures with opinions on subjects that could differentiate them from one another. some are better at learning subjects they are more interested in while others have the ability to devote time into learning any subject that school has to throw at them. the point remaining is that none are the same and so, teaching methods for students should become more indivualized to fit each students unique learning style and ability. it is possible that the computerized facial action coding system could aid in the process of making these learning styles more fit for each student rather than just having them for the masses. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. having a computer monitor to read emotions from facial expressions could display to teachers how each student reacts to the information that they are learning, allowing teachers to make adjustmants in their teaching styles where they see fit. this could give students the ability to learn more effectively for their feelings towards subjects as they are personalized based on reaction as they continue. the facial acting coding system is a very complex process consisting not only of computer scientists but also of a team of psychologists using expertise to read peoples emotions through their faces, using scientific evidence along the way. this could mean that, while it is a newer system, it is a wellproven one, making the classroom a good place to continue perfecting it. the facial expression for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals ofren show varying degrees of expression like not smiling as broadly. using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of monda lisa. by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in davincis masterpiece. each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. this line from the informative piece displays the process of determining emotions through computer technologies. it shows that it is welltested and understood by its administrators as well as those in support of it, gaining it credibility as a method tested and used. this means that, while it is a newer technology, it could be used in the classrooms to continue to perfect the software by gaining more facial expressions from students, making it even more effective for its participants. while the software detecting facial expressions is a good idea for countless reasons, it also has a few downfalls. one disadvantage of this technology could be its lack of other uses besides reading emotions of students as far as classrooms go. some may argue that installation of this likely pricey software would not be worth the pay or the hassle of overall installation. to this, one could argue that allowing students to have a more personalized appraoch to learning should be enough to convince those against it that it is worthwhile. students being able to learn in an environment as well as manner specifically tailored to their indivual learning abilities and styles will benefit us as a society not only in the future, as todays current students become tomorrows important business officials and doctors, but also currently, as these students will have less stress devoted to worrying about trying to learn something they are disinterested in or simply dont understand. altogether, the good outweigh the bad in this current argument. computerized sytems used to understand and display human emotions do belong in todays classroom. the benefits of this approach are numerous for both teachers and students being effected as well as for the future when these students are more outspoken, functioning members of society. this can be displayed that, not only would these systems help students to become more able and excited to learn in their own way, but it would also allow teachers to more effectively complete their jobs by editing approaches to learning to fit each students individual syle and ability. it is also a wellunderstood and well backedup process with scientific study allowing direct research to show its credibiltiy. having students using this technologuy could also allow for the technology to become more credible as more emotions of individuals are entered into the technology. finally, the price of these systems would not matter in the longrun as this would be money invested into the future of society as these students grow with a solid, quality education. altogether, the good outweigh all the downfalls in this experiment and it should be introduced into classrooms in the following years to improve the quality of education.