being a teen, half a year from getting his license, getting a car is the one thing that benefits being sixteen. but is a car really such a good idea. there are many reasons why having a car is a good idea, but is it possible that the cons of having one out weigh the pros? first things first, a car is the most efficient way to get from point a to point b. it travels fast and most cars now a days have saftey features that prevent serious injuries from an accident, unless the car was being missused in such a way that death is a possibility. so why could it be possible that people are rethinking their decision at buying a car? well the most reasonable answer of course... money. the amount of money spent on a car each year from insurance to physical damage or new parts is outrageous. so much money could be saved from using bike or bus to get where ever need be. who doesnt like saving money, this year alone there are millins of people unemployed and cant afford a car so why get a job just for one? that is one of the biggest reasons not getting a car could be a possibility. another reason to not buying a car could be to keep the body and the enviroment healthy. not using car to go everywhere would definitily leave the possibility of getting more in shape. using bike, skate board, and even walkingrunning. obesity rate in america is at an all time high. not only because of cars but because of fast food places and other junk foods possible. keeping the body in shape is a great pro to not having a car. also keeping the enviroment healthy is a great factor to not having cars. as seen in source two smog is an over developing threat to the enviroment due to the carbon and diesel left by cars. this not only hurts the enviroment that needs to be protected but causes an inconvieneince to the population due to the smell of the gas and hte wat it blocks light. this is something that needs to be stopped. in conclusion, cars not only cause an inconvieneince to the enviroment but can harm the body as well. also saving money could be a factor in not buying a car due to insurances and mechanics not having to be paid. think right america, this could be the savior.