around the world, cars are the main use of transportation. the exaust from cars causes pollution in the air worldwide. by limiting car use, you can easily cut the pollution levels released by cars in half. there are many great aspects of limiting car use. some international cities have already set a day where citizens do not use their cars. limiting car use is a great option for the enviroment. as it can help many individuals from all around the world. in the city of vauban, germany, most citizens do not even own vehicles.  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here.rosenthal,  vauban claims to be a car free community. the banning of cars is a growing trend in europe rosenthal,  the movement is called smart planning. rosenthal,  cars play a huge roll in polluting the earth. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. rosenthal,  the enviromental protection agency is promotiong car reduced communities. rosenthal,  limiting car use is a huge benefit for the earth and people living in it. in paris, france, the pollution levels are increasing drastically. for that reason, paris has decide to ban driving for two days. citizens who failed to not drive were punished with a  fine. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. duffer,  this statistic shows that by the limiting of car use, traffic levels may chage drastically. from the lower use of cars on the roads, the smog above paris was clearing and moving towards beijing. which is one of the most polluted cities in the world. duffer,  the main cause of the pollution is diesel fuel. france in particular favors deisel fuel. diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france. duffer,  this is the prmary cause of the pollution in the city. by banning the cars, the city recieved clarity from the smog surrounding it prior to the ban. in bogota, colombia, one day a year they ban all cars despite public transit. they have been doing this for three years. if a citizen failed to obey the car ban, a  dollar fine was given to them. buisnessman carlos arturo plaza stated, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution.selsky,  the car ban is part of an improvement campaign from the mids. rain or shine the residents of bogota still participated. this past year two additional cities participated in the movement. the movement has shown great success and has been helping with pollution and stress many individuals face daily. in the united states of america, president obama wants to lower the rate of greenhouse gas emmissions. studies show that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by.rosenthal,  in , there was a peak of the miles driven. in , this was  percent lower this was also the case in april of . michael silvak, an individual that studies the trend and who is a research professor at the university of michigans transportation research institute said, rates of car ownership per house hold and per person sdtarted to come down two to three years before the turn down. rosenthal,  as the years have past, the numbers of car owners have decreased. although the idea of limiting car use sounds like a great idea, it will eventually hurt the automotive industry. people will stop purchasing cars due to these bans. there are many widespread advantages to limiting the car use of individuals around the globe. greenhouse gas emmission levels are essentially rising. by taking action and limiting car use, the world can decrease these levels. less use of vehicles can help relieve stress, a condition a lot of people face around the globe. it is truly amazing that by banning cars for a day, the surrounding smog was clearer in paris. the widespread happines in vauban, germany due to carfree living is another great outcome. bogotas influence on two other cities is also very empowering. limiting car use is not as bad as it may seem. in the long run, it will benefit our surrounding enviroment.