how would you feel if your teachers, councilers, and administraters could calculate your emotions electronicaly? there is now a new technology called the facial action coding system, the process begins when the computers construts a d computer model of the face all  muscules, but can only recongize humans no animals. by having this d model of ones face they can track all of the emotions you have while doing homework, learning a new leason, or taking a test. once you are done the computer put the emotions into percentages and will show your teacher. concidering the fact that this will help teachers know whether a student is struggling and not understanding the material fully, this system would be a very valuable thing to have in the classroom. even though you most likely calculate someones emotions everyday, such as a friend when they are sad no one can tell exactly what everyone is thinking. yet, dr. huang managed to get a computer to recongnize human emotions. one way he did this was by observeing how artists construct the face and how they can capture such strong emotions. now that schools can have this new system, teachers wont need to try and figure out if anyone needs help. everyone knows that when a teacher asks if anyone is struggling no one is going to raise their hand because the students are afraid to look dumb. the facial action coding system will now make sure everyone is doing okay and that the leasons are understandable for every student in the classroom. although this system could be risky, a computer could see if a student was getting confused or bored and then modify the lesson, just like a teacher. this system might seem dangerous because some may think schools wont need teachers as much anymore, but we will still need teachers to keep classrooms under control. classrooms will be most likely more under control because when a student gets bored they start to talk, but if the computer can change the leason to make them less bored, they wont talk as much. yes, there still will be talking and messing around, but there will not be nearly as much. assuming that there will be less drama and talking, do we really know if this system works acuretly on everyone? knowing that every person on earth has a different face and shows different emotions, how do we know that it will work? what if someone squinting there eyes isnt confused it just helps them read better, then you change the leason and they are now confused because this does not make sense to them. now the teacher is watching them and making sure they are doing well when another student is actually confused, but the conputer does not reconginize it. this system may seem all well and good at first, but the more you think about it, the more danmage it could do. new is always a good thing, but is this system too new too fast. some students, parents, andor teachers may not want to have this type of system in their classroom or childrens classroom. the facial action coding system would be such a helpful system to have in schools, but the question is does it actually work as well as they say it does, and would people be okay with having it as a part of their schooling process?