there are some big conversations and conspiracys. the face on mars is one of the many conspiracied theories. though some say it is an alien landform or a natural land form. either way i think it is a natural landformation. people many have a strong theory, but it many not always make sence. the face on mars is a total natural landformation. nasas scientist have not found any signs of aliens on the planet mars. the article states that not many scientists believe that there was an alien artifacts on mars. scientists also say that it is hard to track cydonia and to get a clear image on the face. the face has to be a natural landformation because most of the wierd landforms on earth may look like ancient aliens did it but it was not. scientists have not proved that aliens are real and that all wierdly amazing artifacts are from them. aliens are not real although there are shows about them being real, but those are all conspiracies. the conspiracies may look real and sound real but they are just trying to get peoples attention to hear them out and to convice them that aliens are real. scientists say that our minds are tagated to find faces in objects. we see all kinds of shapes in the cloudy skys because our minds are trained to do that. the face on mars is just one of the many things that we can find a face in a natural landformation. the article states that the landforms are also common near the american west on earth. garvin says it reminds me mosr of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. that is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. in conclusion, there are big conversations about the face on mars. some many think it is an ancient alien formation, but others say it is a natural landformation. scientist have a hard time tracking down cydonia and also taking pictures of the face. aliens have not been proven to be out in outerspace, so therefore it cannot be an alien formation. this face on mars is an natural formation because there are similar landformation on earth near the american west and also in idaho. whether it is an alien formation or a natural one i am saying that the face on mars is just another natural fanominon.