the facial action coding system would not be very valuable for students in a classroom. yes it is a great advancement in our technology but what would be the point of using one for a classroom. in the article  making mona lisa smile  the author tells us how the facial action coding system works and how it gets its results. i am against the value of using facs, simply because i do not find the point of using this in a classroom, i feel it could even be a distraction. the facial action coding system will not help a student figure out how to solve a math equation, or tutor a student if one is struggling. yes this new development is very fascinating and spectacular but what if students use all of their class time on this system instead of taking notes, or studying. in the article the author tells us that the system only looks at your facial muscles. the author himself gives us information about facial muscles, but not once did the author say the system gives you information about the facial muscles, not once did it say anything about helping students learn. in the second body paragraph of this article the author aksed a question, he asks  can we actually calculate emotions like math homework? some could say or think this system is showing how to calculate math problems ,and some could or will assume that the author will answer that question later on in the article. but the author had a different meaning of  calculation,it wasnt solving a math problem. the meaning of calculation to the author in this story was to solve someones emotions. why would somebody need to figure out someones emotion in a classroom, how could that help a struggling student? how could that help a teacher while teaching? cell phones could educate students more than this system but most schools do not allow phones to be used during the school day. in the article making mona lisa smile the author nick dalto tells us about an outstanding development in technology and what it can do, but i do not feel that it is a valuable to a classroom. i feel that it would be more of a distraction,if the system did a little more things to educate and help the students of a classroom learn then this would be very valuable.