the usage of this new technology to read emotion has alot of potential for many things. it can read off your emotion even if your faking your smile, frown, etc. the use of this technology to read the emotional expression of students in a classroom is valuable because it can benefit the students learning, it can make learning more enjoyable and can help the student with any conflict they are facing inside or outside of school. this new usage of technology can be used to benefit many people. this new technology can benefit students by being able to know their emotional expression and how they feel that day this can lead to teachers helping cheer up the class if the majority are not doing the best. this could also detect the stressworried emotion in a student letting a teacher now that they may be overworking their students. this is similar to how they said you could probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by looking on her face. if a teacher knew directly how stressedworried you were they might slow down or postpone due dates for later dates. this new technology can make the student into a new person and change their learning expierences. this new technology to read the emotional expressions of students can make a class enjoyable. for instance if you are not enjoying a class and or the class has always been boring or you know that you struggle in that subject this new technology can change that. this new technology can sense the emotions you feel class and inform the teacher on how you feel leading to the teacher making changes to the class or how he teaches. this was best explain when the article stated a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this explains it all and how a teacher could use this to their advantage. the usage of this new emotional expression reading technology could detect emotions that could cause dangerous things. for instance they can help a student who may be dealing with something outside or inside of the school. this new technology can help prevent bullying, schoolshootings, selfharm, etc. if this technology is implanted anytime soon it could save many peoples lives. this new technology even has the power to  indicate the difference betweem a genuine smile and a forced one. this could really identify any troubled students and prevent them from doing anything risky overall this technology could really benifit all schools around the world. they have the potential to change learning, make students happier, prevent dangerous activity and develop new ways of learning. if this tech was implanted many years we could have prevented lots of bullying, shootings and sefharm.