although there are many challenges to face in exploring venus, the biggest one is ourselves. we have let our imagination overtake what we want. we can imagine crazy, bizard things but that does not mean we can have them. and once we let our imagination take control, we lose. we lose what we actually want and trade it in for what we can imagine and know we cannot have. but our imagination is not the only thing getting in the way. exploring venus is a very risky task. with temperatures higher than  degrees fahrenheit and atmospheric pressure ninety times greater than anything we can ever experience on earth. the real question is, is exploring venus worth the risks? well of course it is! every single thign we do has its risks, but that does not stop us from doing things. we should not turn down an opportunity to explore the great universe we live in simply based of hardships. just becasue it is hard does not mean is it impossible. venus is the closest planet we have to ourselves. in paragraph two, venus is reffered to as earths twin. venus is the closest thing we have to know what our earth may or may not turn into. it is the only thing we can compare ourselves to. if the conditions on earth turn into those of venus, exploring venus only brings us life. we can not take away life just because it gets hard! the fact that it is hard is what should be pushing us to keep exploring. there is so much we can learn from venus that we do not even know and probably will not be able to comprehend. so that is why we need to explore venus. we need to explore so that we can learn more about the place we live and the places around us. venus is our neighbor, we need to know that our neighbor is safe. if we do not protect venus, we are not protecting ourselves. through all of the hardships and dangers, we need to keep pursuing to get to venus. the more we learn about venus, the more we can compare and contrast and see if the conditions on earth are anything like those of venus. if we give up on our neighbor, we give up on ourselves. venus deserves to be explored and we, as a nation, deserve the chance to explore it. not just for the bettering of venus, but also for the future of earth. we need to let our imagination run wild, as well as our spirit!