since new software is coming out, people are coming up with ideas on trying to see if people are hiding their emotions. the mona lisa is a great example on emotions, people want to know if she is smiling, frowning, or they want to know how shes feeling. the new software wants to calculate other peoples emotions. people are beginning to make d computer models of faces to see all of our muscles and to see how they move like a human does. as studies say we all have six normal emotions, we have happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness, and by showing that our facial movements change and move to show our emotion. an example on how we show our emotions are that if we raise our eyebrow to show that we are suprised on what another person has said or done, and another one is when people tighten their jaw and lip that shows that theyre angry. the mona lisa is another great example because we dont know how she is feeling, we dont know if she is feeling sad, happy, depressed, or many more things. when you look in the mirror how do you look? people might see the stress on their face because lack of sleep, some others might see sadness because of a break up, and their are many other examples on this topic. mirrors cant detect if were sad, happy, scared, and more things becasue its not a computer, we can detect if were feeling a certain type of way. we should look at how our face looks when we look, we should look at how different our face changes when we go from happy to sad. when making a face it might make you feel happy or sad. the experiment and technology shows how people really feel. when people say, put a smile on that face, it might make you smile or chuckle a little bit. drama coachs or acting coaches might ant their actors or actrecess work on their facial expressions. when someone acts you can sometimes feel how theyre feeling, and so if they arent arent doing a good job at acting then you wouldnt know hot to feel. people will see how your emotions are and will feel a certain way because of how your expressions are or how your posture is. making facial expressions shows a lot on how someone is feeling. experiments can show many different things.