i think that the author who wrote this is right about studying venus despite the dangers it presents. i say this because in the text he mention that that not long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have various forms of life this makes me think that if we start studying about venus and get enough information we need to know if there is form of life in venus we could fnd many things about this planet and maybe make life there. i also believe that if we were to find interesting information about venus we would have to send some type of living organism to prove that we could have some type of life somewhere other than earth. first, i think we would have a rough time finding ways of life in venus but i think that we are able to do something like this and succed. i believe that we can succed but there will be obsticles in the way like  the radiation would not exceed like earht leves. or such as  the temperatures would be warmer then here in earth. they are many things that would not have a human being survive but in the other than there is a few things that have a possibility of life. in the text it had menton that  conditions like in venus are far more extreme than anything humans ecounter on earth. next, some positive evidence to prove the statement of this author would be  venus may once have been the most earthlike  they refer that out of all the planets we have venus is the only one that has similar things to earth which there could be a  chance of life. venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. venus could be our nearest option for a planetary visit how to text stated. i believe it would and could happen if we tried. lastly, in the text we have seen good and bad evidence to prove the authors statement but we have not mention that  venushas value not only because of the insights but because human curuosly will likely lead us to many quality intimidating endeavors so us as human can bring soemthing to this research. in conclusion, i think that the author is right about studyng venus even though we have cons about doing this. i still believed that if we were to do something like this we wouldnt succed the first time but with effort we can and find ways of life in venus.