think to yourself for a little bit. would driverless cars be nice? sure, a little break from here and there from driving would be nice. would all of the extra things that come with it though be worth it? think about it, if we had driverless cars how much money that would take to purchase the car. anyone else not about to put their lives in control of a robot? what about the enviroment and society itself how would that change. i, myself am against it. first off, cost would pay a huge factor. i dont think people that are for this idea understand the finicial increase this would cause on things like, repairs, gas, even buying the car itself. its easier to say in a car like a  dodge ram if something goes wrong under the hood, you could say it might take at least  dollars to replace whatever it is and you are good to go. think about how much money it would take to fix a robot. youre looking about , dollars to replace a driving robot. well dang, i would rather take that  grand and buy myself a different car that wont cost an arm and a leg. lets, not talk about the car cost itself. if a brand new car that you can drive on your own cost around ,, think about how much a car that techinally drives you around would cost, an easy ,,. how much do you think insurance companies will charge you for your car?does google really think they will be flying out of the dealerships anytime soon? maybe if the us government cut off taxes and raised everyones monthly salary . secondly, i dont know about you but i would not trust a robot that has the option of me living, or something going wrong and you know me dying, okay? i mean im no genius but we all know somehting is bound to go wrong one way or another. everything breaks or goes wrong with it eventually. think about how much people are going to use the selfdriving feature. you think that robots circuits and computer can handle that much heat and pressure all the time? theres also a feature about a vibration to alert the driver. if someone were to say fall asleep driving, would a vibration wake you up? its like sleeping in one of those massage chairs at the mall. after a long day at work do you think a massage is going to wake you up? yeah, no. just also think what if youre in a really bad spot and the car doesnt let you take over what do you do now? i think safety plays a huge role in this too. lastly enviormental change, if we had driverless cars dont you think there would be some changes to the roads or the buildings that surround it? the state is going to want to set up new ways around certian things for the driverless car. thats going to cost the state a boat load of money. is it really worth it though? taking down your favorite store for a road? having to move house because they want to build a road right through it. all of these negatives does not seem worth it to have driverless cars? i am totally against it. in conclusion, driverless cars are not a good idea. if we had driverless cars how much money that would take to purchase the car. i dont think anyone wants to put their lives in control of a robot. all the enviromental changes i am not for all of that. i think ill stick to driving my car by myself. more fun that way.