if you were observing the road in front of you, not driving your car, what would you see? theres a chance you could see a car going  miles per hour heading in your direction. would you want to be in control of the next thing that happens, or would u rather put your life in the hands of a driverless car? i am against driverless cars because they could be life threatening, the driver could lose all sense of ownership, and have problems with the driverless cars language. even if a driverless car has antilock brakes and sensors they could fail at anytime. which could result in serious body injury or even death. for example, the antilocks could break and while that car that is going  miles per hour is roaring towards you, you could try to serve but you wouldnt be able to stop. the sensors could fail to work as well. an example, a child no more than  tosses a kick ball into the air and scrambles to catch it. while the child is trying to do so your driverless car is backing up to park and doesnt signal any movement. the next thing you know the child is hurt serverely. not only could it be life theatening for one, but for all. the driver could lose all sense of ownership. they could be so adapted to driveing a vehicle that sitting aside and not driving could effect them in ways some people might not realize. they could become depressed, lazy and the united states obsese percentage could raise beyond means. when that person becomes depressed and lazy they could forget about their daily needs. having driverless cars could be a domino effect that has no good end. the binary codes that would be used with driverless cars could be difficult to understand by some. they could have some problems comprehending the messages that are given to them. they also require massive upgrades, and that could take a toll on a persons budget. to have these driverless cars could be hectic and outraging. they could put not only one but many peoples lives in danger. these cars could destroy ownership, and cause money issues. they are a bad subject to consider. as the constitution says, we the people. we the people should get a say in what happens in this world. we the people should take a stand. we the people should have a say, because its our future.