the author claims that striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. in the exerpt, of the challanges of exploring venus we learn that venus is our cloest rival to earth, and that it has more earthlike features that we want to explore. in paragrph , we learn that venus is often referred to earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. venus is a very challanging planet to explore since it is the second closest planet to the sun making it very hot to even get through with a space craft, and a space probe, because it will melt whithin seconds of entering the atmosphere. in paragraph , it explains that today, venus still has some earth like features that are analogous to those on earth. the planethas a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. in order for us to explore venus, we are going to have to create, or advance or technology so that we are save when entering venuss atmosphere, and even touching down on the surface without burning up. in paragraph , it tells us that at thirty plus miles above the surface, temeratures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that oa sea levels on earth. indead, we still need to learn about venus, but first we need to create some more advanced technology that will keep a live man or woman on the planet until they have colected enough data to go back and safely escape the planet. in paragraph , it tells us that more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therfore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understandvenus would need to up close and personal, despite the risks. yes, it may be challenging, but in order to explore other planets not known too well of us, we would need to put the effort in trying new things, and advancing to new heights. in paragraph , it tells us that nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. this is good, because if nasa can find another way that we can safely explore venus, then we wouldnt have to go through all the trouble of making new technology, or find ways that we can make a new space suit to fit venuss temerature. in paragraph , it tells us that scientists have made systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistent to pressure, heat, and other forces. we only have a litle more to go before we have the right amount of data, and technology to explore venus in more depth. all we need to do is test thiese new things that scientists have made, and see if we can survive the forces that venus throws at us. venus is a challenging planet, but scientists are still curious and will do anything to try and get research from venus at all costs. the author claims that striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.