should driverless cars be aprroved and save the comm unity from drunk drivers and non experienced driver go around and kill everyone in sight? could these driverless cars be the new aspect of the future and economiccommunity change? there are multiple companies that are trying to come up with the next big thing, that is absolutely necessary in the american life of any life that you can afford to buy this new car. google cofounder sergey brin can. he envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars from a publictransport taxi system. the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. paragraph  this quote brings up three different points flexibility, ephechiancy, and the eviroment. to were the quote brings up the fact that these driverless cars can reduce the prices on fuel because wouldnt be as high as averr times. but, from it using less fuel withh help save animals and the earths ecosytem. the new driverless cars would be a introduction to a new world through technology not only benefiting the ecosystem, and economy. but, improving travleler not getting lost, by the car having the most options of gps and tracking of r that person and their car. this would come in handy especially if they use the same technology as berkeley has been using. engineers at berkeley tried something similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity. the car read the posotive and negative polarity as messages in binary code. these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to exisiting roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. paragraph  the driverless car would be an improvement in society economically, eco friendly, and gps wise. first,economically by the amounts of money the u.s. could save by not having to have so many people waisting money on fuel. second, ecofrienldy, but not using as much fuel as a normal car would which could reduce pollution. last, but not least gps friendly the car has motors that are able to tell you which road youre on by positive or negative polarity as messages through binary code. so the driverless car would just be an imporvemenet in general for the generation and the generations after and before us.