the idea of a driverless vehicle seems ingenious and practical, but to long for a society whose transportation soley relies on such a concept is ludacris. my name is christian and in this essay i will elaborate as to why i am biased toward this insane concept. throughout history, humanity has aimlessly strived for greatness. this isnt necessarily a bad thing, however, with every action there is an equal or opposite reaction meaning humanity has both innovative and ingenious ideas and utterly insane ones as well. its in our nature to strive for more and granted a driverless vehicle appears practical, its toxic to our survival. it seems as time has progressed people have developed a dependency on technology and, quite frankly, have become more lazy. individuals need a cellphone or need the lastet ipad. however, these items are merely superficial. humans dont need a driverless vehicle the average human is certainly capable of learning how to drive and its a milestone to look forward to accomplishing. in addition, we cannot rely on technology to watch our six. the technology and machinery in googles driverless vehicle is built  . . . to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. this skill cannot be replicated. a computer is composed of circuits, wires, drives, etc. and what if something malfunctions? cellular phones, gaming consoles, computers today are constantly needed to be updated because of bugs and other system malfunctions. what if a driverless vehicles system froze or glitched whilst driving someone on the freeway? with a human, you dont neccessarily need to worry about a malfunction because we are not programmed machines. our perception on the world cannot replicated through the metaphorical eyes of a machine. it is insane to believe a world whose transportation relies on driverless vehicle is safe. not only is the idea dangerous, but what if a person doesnt wish to not drive? the world isnt some textbook utopian society where everyone conforms to corporate buisness ideas. people will oppose and contradict the idea which may evoke an unneccessary uproar. therefore, to believe the worlds transportation should rely on such a ludacris idealology is idiotic. i believe the idea of driverless vehicle may be put to practical use in other aspects such as military operations or local police department services. i, however, wholeheartedly contradict the notion that the worlds transportation should rely on some artificial technological system. if the world were to conform with such a concept, we would set innoncent lives up for an inevitable doom.