are the students using the technology to read their emotional expressions? is it good? using the technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because some new computer software that can recognize emotions, technology can make a smile to our face, and students can relax their stress by using technology. if students uses technology, they can get a lot of benefits from it. some new computer software that can recognize emotions because everybody has their emotion like happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness these are associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. if students was so confused, their mind will not recognize on their homework. they cannot be focus their education and they dont know what did they learn, how to do their homework. using by technology like a looking funny videos, they can recognize their emotions. technology can make a smile to our face because how much technology can do by playing games, looking funny videos, and like a using facebook. imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery thats why technology can make a smile to our face. students can relax their stress by using technology because when they were sad or confused, they can relax their stress on online. for example playing video games, looking funny movies on facebook or youtube. so they would be laughing when they looked funny movies. if they want someting, the can buy that on the online shopping. it will be cool. students have every classes homework, sometimes they will bore and confuse if they dont know how to do it. so they can relax by using technology. i agree students are using technology is great because it makes a smile on their faces. when they were bored or aloned, technology can makes a partner them. if students were seperated country each other, they can call video call and they can text messages by using technology texting apps so using technology is great. they can buy dresses, phones, makeup etc....by using technology that online shopping. they can play games and can watch funny movies when they were bored. technology can help their mind will fresh and can make a smile on their face.