in  nasa got a blury camera shot which kinda looked like a face. then they relised that the face on mars needs to be looked at agine. in  nasa sent another ship to look at the face on mars agine. this time it loooked differnt is kinda looks more clearer than the other one. then when they took back the pictuers of they face they were amazed what had happened to it. in  nasa sent more people to get pictures of the face with better camura. when the picuters returned to nasa they were stuned. the face looked so much differnt than the pictuer in  it looked like somthing hit it. then when the people came back to earth they heard about the news and the picture got released into the public. then something happened someone leared that it was not a face on mars its just a rock building. when nasa learned that it was just a rock building they started to loose hope with the face on mars but, something werid happend. when the wired thing happend they wanted to know what happend? when they saw the pictures they noticed that half of the face was smashed. then they pointed out agine that the face was destryed but it still waant really a face it was agine a stone builing. then there was still no hope to find the face in the desert. after that there was the last trip to see if the face on mars was a face or a stone building? when they got to mars they took pictures and tryed to see if they could take a picture of it to close. then they relesed that it only really was a rock building or thing. when they learned that they stared to give up on the subject and just forget about it. then when there was only a littel group of people who still think there something on mars they kept on going and never give up. when they got really close to mars they noticed something it looked like a face but they could not be sure. when they got even closer they found the face on mars and they was very happy for themselves. after they came back to earth they told everyone that they found the face on mars. then people tried to understand what they said beacuse they were told that there was no face on mars. after all that the face on mars is still there this very day and time and people want to see it in person like feet on mars and see the face on mars