the speaker talks about the lastest technology that dr. huang and dr. paul eckman were making and working on. the technology, facial action coding system or facs, detects the emotions that people show, including mixed emotions. facs can detect actual humans or even painted peoples emotions. the speaker talks about using mona lisa to test out the technology. this could be something new and interesting to have in a classroom, it could also help both students and the teachers. it could help both the students and the teachers by detecting if the students are confused, or even bored with a lesson, and then helping the teacher modify it to get the students to better understand it or make the lessons fun. in paragraph , the speaker says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr haung predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this would be a valuable tool in a classroom because it could help students do better on tests and quizes, it would also help students to better understand the materials they will need to understand in the future, or even on istep. it could also help both the students and the teachers by detecting the teachers and students emotions, and if the teacher is mad, or not having a great day, or if the students are upset, angry, or not having a great day, then they can work together to make the day more fun, or better for both the students and teachers. this technology would also help by students not getting upset with a teacher because theyre not teaching things in the way that they can learn about them. it could also help by having the students know when their teacher is getting tired of teaching all day, and they can teach classmates that dont get what they are doing in class. even by just teaching a classmate that is having trouble understanding what to do, could help the teacher get it together, because they could see how students are learning what theyre teaching. it could help both the students and teachers by giving them new things to learn if they already understand it or giving them different ways to better understand the material they are being taught. this could be a really valuable tool to have in any work place or school because it could help everyone better understand what other people are feeling, like confusion, anger, or even happiness. it could help everyone in the work place or community by seeing how their family is better understanding things from work or school, and increasing their intelligence by just having a technology in their classroom they can rely on to tell their bosses, or teachers, if they are confused and dont understand how to do what theyre being told to do or about what to do. this technology could do a lot of good for not just teachers and students but for everyone. this technology should be in schools work places, and even other places too. it could help many people, in many different environments. do you agree with this type of technology being placed in schools, and other work places? it feels like it would be a very valuable thing to have in different types of places.