i believe that the facial action coding system can be a valuable asset to student in a class room . the system can read the face of the student to give feed back to the teachers on the lesson plan . it can be used to notify the teacher when a student in the class is upset . the system can also make learning fun for the students . there may many counter arguements but allow me to explain why . my first reason it can be a valuable asset to students in the class is that it can give feed back on the lesson . in the text it says  a classroom computer could recongize when a student is becoming bored or confused and it also says  then it could modify lesson, like an effective human instructer . this means that when a student is not getting the criteria the fscial action coding system will read their facial gestures and make the assignment easier or more understandable . people may say  this system wouldnt be balanced because some people may be of grade level  . my claim is that the point of the system is to help them understand the criteria that they are learning to help them get back on grade level . another reason this system will be great is because the system can notify the teacher when the child is upset . with this advanced technology we can prevent alot of things from happening in school . in the text it says  most human communication is nonverbal , including emotional communication  . the system can identify this and notify the teacher to talk to the student about his or her feelings . i believe the system can be a great asset to all the bad emotions or feeling going around school . my final reason is that it can make learning fun for kids . majority of the time students find the lesson plan boring , the system can read thier emotion and make it fun for them . in the text it describes how it can take the learning games and make them funner and more interacting . people may say  school is not about having fun  but students still need some type of entertainment even in highschool . the whole point of this system is to make the student adapt to the lesson plan , in a fun learning type of way . the facial action coding system will be a valuabe asset to students in a classroom . the system can adjust lesson plan or criterea for the student . it can help notify the teacher when a student is upset . it can also help make the lesson plan fun for the students . this is my arguement on why the facial action coding system will be valuabe in the classroom .