the development of driverless cars shouldnt be happening because it will cause people to be way too dependent on the cars when traveling and the developers shouldnt being developing these type of cars. driverless cars will give the drivers way more distractions then usual because they will be more reliant on the cars themselves. these types of cars will be very costly because they will need new roads. the driverless cars will also be more time consuming because they wont be able to travel through traffic alone and require the driver to step in. driverless car shouldnt be developed because they will ,make the driver more reliant on them, be very costly, and will be very time consuming. the development of driverless cars will give the driver more distraction because although the driver still have be aware the driver will become very reliant on the car fro arriving at his or hers destination safely. in the article driverless cars are coming, the author states, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply the breaks on individaul wheels and reduce powere from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. this information proves that the driver will be more reliant on the cars because although the driverless car will be safer it will also make the driver worryfree. another reason towards why the driverless cars should be developed is because theyre very costly. driverless cars will be very costly because will require more equipment to perform such task and will require new roads aswell which will be the most expensive of they bunch. in the article  driverless cars are coming, the author states, these smart road systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expenisve to be practical. this information helps prove that the cost for maintaining these driverless cars the work well on a smartroad will be very expensive even without the smartroads the cost will be very high because they will still require an extensive amount of sensors to operate on its own. driverless cars will also be very time consuming. driverless cars will be very time consuming because they cant operate aswell as a human driver would be able to an the road. in the article driverless cars are coming, the author states that, manufactures are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. this infromation shows that the driver will still have to watch the road but, the driver wont be as alert because they wont have anything to do and will begin to feel drousy just as if they were watching a boreing program about roads on television. in conclusion, the development of driverless cars shouldnt be happening because they make driving more complicated. these types of cars will make the human driver more reliant on the cars than themselves because they wont need to be as alert as if they were the one driving. these types of cars will also be very costly because of all they equipment needed to make them driverless and possibly even new roads aswell will be very expensive. lastly, driverless cars will be very time consuming in manufactering the vehicle and in traffic jams aswell. driverless cars shouldnt be developed because they will make the driver more reliant on them, be very costly, and will be very time consuming. driver themselves should be improving and not the vehicel so they can make the roads safer.