i am going for driverless cars, i honestly think that this pretty cool. having cars that can drive themselfs is a really good idea. in this passage the author gave a lot of good reasons why they should have and keep making driverless cars. for one people dont have to drive and some people hate driving. another thing is that this type of car drove more than half a million miles with out a crash. one last thing is that its just safer and ill explain why for a fact i know so many people who hate driving or driving for a long period of time. for example my whole family it says here woudnt drivers get bored? most likely not and if they do if you want to drive you can. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over. so that being said if you want to drive you can it turns right off. if you get bored then start driving. another reason why i am going for driverless cars is that it has drove so many miles without crashing. which is really cool, because today we have so many accident and they dont even drive that far and people are driving. if this car can go , miles without crashing just think about how less the crash percentage will go down. this car is just so much easier to handle and drive thats my opinion. one more reason is that its just safer honestly. im going to tell you why, you know that so many people text and drive right? well if you have to read an important text your not the one who is driving are you no so there for its just so much safer. you shouldnt have your phone in the first place but just in case. also if you are on your phone and your not paying attention there are signals in the car if there is danger the seats vibrate or the windows flash so you will know. thats what i like about these cars there always one step ahead of you. now that you have read this i hope you agree with me or get my point about these cars. these are just a few reasons why i am for it. im not saying you have to agree but i really hope you do. these cars are safer and way easier so drive and to handle. just think about it, do you like this type of car. if you do it says they will try to have them by  so go ahead and buy one.