umasking the face on mars if i was a scientist at nasa discussing the face with someone who thinks it was created by aliens i would tell them that it is the way it forms over a period of time that makes it looks like aliens did it. i would be using paragraphs  and  to support my reasoning. in paragraph  it states that a few days later nasa unveiled the image for all to see. the caption noted a huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars. that is one reason why it supports my reasoning. in paragraph  it states that there must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the jet propulsion lab when the face appeared on their monitors. but the sensation was short lived. scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. thats another reason why i picked this paragraph to be in my writing because it tells you the features and what it looks like. in paragraph  it states that on april , a cloudless summer day in cydoniamars global surveyor drew close enough for a second like. we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view, said garvin.  malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. thats another reason why i also picked this one to talk to you about because it is a fun thing to talk about when it comes to this subject. in paragraph  it states that as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, he added. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! thats another reason why aliens did make it made itself. in paragraph  it states that what the picture actually shows it the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. that is the very last reason why aliens did not make that face the planet made it by its own landforms. in conclusion aliens did not make the face the planet landforms do and it does it all around the american west.