people all through out the world are realizing the problem we are having with emissions and smog problems. if we dont act soon enough we could lose our lives, maybe even our homethe world. be like germany and some of the other parts of the world that are taking action to the smog and emission problems. limting car usage can have a positive affect on the world. instead of hearing the sounds of motors constantly running, we can hear the sounds of active kids and bicycles. over the past few decades, germany and in other places in the world are trying out the idea of limiting the amount of cars that are allowed in areas. in upscale areas in germany such as the district on the outskirts of freiburg, the streets are carfree except the main throughfare where the tram for downtown runs. one way they enforce this is that to live in these area, you can either buy a parking space for , along with a home.  of the families that live in these areas dont have a car because of this. transportation may be lower, but with the use of parking spots and garages eliminated, everything can be in walking distance rather than in a mall miles away. as the greenhouse affect continues to grow, cities with major car emmission will literally be choking themselves to death. france had a very serious case involving the smog so in order to clear the smog, they enforces a partial driving ban to clear the air. on monday motorist with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the sane would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. close to , drivers were fined. the smog cleared enough on monday the ban was lifted on tuesday for the oddnumbered plates. as the smog cleared up enough for this to be possible. in the past few years obama has said that the car usuage has dropped for the passed few years steadilly since our peak in . since then scientist and observationalist has seen that people between  and  havent got there liscence as much as before. scientists dont know if this is a last affect or will it go back up one the people have kids. there have been offered different alternatives to lower emissions, improve safety, conserve resources, and to save time. only time will tell what happens. if people were smart enough to just learn to ride a bike or walk to work in the mornings and afternoons, we wouldnt have this problem. we wouldnt have to be so worried about our atmosphere if less people were to drive in a car, and more started doing something less expensive and less harmful to the enviorment. not everybody will listen but if the majority of the people listened to this, we could all breathe fresh air and not be so unhappy with all the conjested roads.