driving while having not to drive seems like the way to drive, or does it? being in front of the wheel but not taking any part of action thats going on seems like a brilliant future ability, but is it safe? in order to be safe at all times, the bottom line is driverless cars are dangerous because eventually techonolgy will go wrong, which goes along with risking your life, and not all people will take precautions in this situation. people have been creating a variety of useful ideas thoughout the generation but overall this is one of the most dangerous. this car will have to always be checked because if something ever goes wrong with it, it will most likley crash. for example, if the car is driving on its own and somethings wrong with it, it could go ballistic because the car is controlled by itself and by the time you will take control of it you would be in an accident. dealing with the techonolgy of the car, your life is in great danger. not only are you dealing with your own life, but maybe also the people in your car and drivers all around you. the driverless car does have special touch sensors, that make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. it doesnt mean they are paying attention to what is going around them. if the techonlogy fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver of the manufacturer? that is the real question about this whole argument. this whole essay is ties up with the precaution of risking your life, driving on the road is already a dangerous thing to do but to allow cars that drive themselves adds up. as in the text says, gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object, there will always be people in this world who will be ignorant to these messages that the car implies. sometimes the car will exaggerate the precautions you have to take making the driver think less of them. there are endless of possiblities of things that can go wrong with driverless cars but also brilliant outcomes that can change the future. if people are willing to buy driverless cars, they must be alert at all times because there is a chance something might go wrong. so if you buy a driverless car, are you willing to take more chances of driving on the road than you already have?