self driving cars seem pretty cool. there are a lot of reasons why self driving cars can actually become something that everyone can use in the real world. for example these driverless cars can help you control the car better , help you be alert, and help keep you safe. being able to control a car sometimes may be a bit challenging , but these driverless cars can help you control your car better. in the article it states  the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce the power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. this can help people have more control of their car, but this isnt the only thing that driverless cars can do. when driving you have to be extremely alert , anything can happen when you arent paying attention, but these driverless cars are extremely smart in fulfilling this task, for example in one of the cars these futurist had made had stated  gm developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing up into an object. that is very useful for people who dont really pay enough attention. these driverless car also asist you in when to steer , accerlerate , and brake themselves, they are made to notify the driver when the road ahead may have work zones and around accidents , this car is being ready to quickly get the drivers attention to wherever a problem occurs. texting and driving now in days are a huge problems and having many accidents because of this reason , but then again the driverless cars has a perfect plan for it. in the article it states ,  such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over , something not available to driver trying to text with a cellphone. in this way, in the carsystem is actually a safety feature , and safety is a big concern. this can help prevfent alot of accidents from happening. this is a huge reason why driverless cars are good for many people in the real world. this driverless car can help prevent so many crashes , accidents and even money for peoples car insurance , i truly believe if these cars can actually become something that people can use, it would help so much entirely.