i believe facial action coding system is very valuable to students it helps tell where the student is confused, if they dont get any of it at all or if the student totally gets  doesnt need extra help. i think that facial action coding system is important because, teachers can help students where they left off at. some students may understand half of the assignment but not all of it  why re teach it all of it when the teacher could just help the student where the student left off. this is also very valuable because some students will say they get it but really dont so they wont look a certain type of way in front of their peers. this makes the teacher job a little bit easier  the a lot less stressful to the student, knowing the teacher knows he or she needs help without saying it out loud. this would cause less students to fail  higher grades for sure because everyone in the classroom is getting the help that they need. this facial action coding system also is very valuable because, it lets the teacher know if the students dont even get it at all. a lot of students will not raise their hand for help, to not look like they dont get it while everyone else gets it. this facial action coding system would benefit those type of kids that are shy to raise their hands in class for help. all together this would lead to much better grades for all the students for everyone in the class, it would help the teacher find new ways to explain the assignment using another method. which is a plus for the students, this facial action coding system works not only for students but for the teacher to. one last reason i think the facial action coding system is very valuable is because, it focous on the students that really need help. if one half of the class gets the assignment then the teacher doesnt need to keep going over it again if that side of the class already understand. this helps the teacher a lot becuase a teacher goal is to pass everyone in the class  by doing so help the students that need it the most. this would make school a lot less stressful. this invention helps tell where the student is confused, if the student dosent get any of it at all or if the student totally gets  doesnt need extra help. i think this invention is one of the best inventions we have ever came across. this invention takes so much pressure of students, they dont have to worry as much about not learning the assignment. this helps the teacher job a lot more easier the invention works hand  hand. this would for sure bring grades up if the student is willing to put in the work to learn the assignment that the teacher is teaching.