the author of this passage provides many reasons on why we should explore venus. the author states many interesting facts about venus and ways we could adventure the risky terrain. according to the author in passage two, venus is the closest planet to earths size and density. this meaning, if we were to explore this terrain it could be a possible place to start another biome like earth. in passage four, the author mentions that venus has mountains, valleys, and craters that resemble those we have on earth. the author makes a good point in mentioning that earth and venus are very different but also very similar. the author also reveals to us that venus has an atmosphere made up of about  carbon dioxide. this piece of evidence is backed up with passage five, where the author also states that nasa is thinking about usinng the solution of allowing scientists to float above the harsh conditions of venus surface. this would allow our scientists to be able to explore and gather more information about venus all while avoiding dangerous conditions. the author does an excellent job at continuing to provide statements that support the idea of exploring venus. at the end of passage five, the author states that solar power would be plentiful, and the radiation on venus surface and atmosphere would not exceed earths levels of radiation. according to what the author states in passage six, many researchers are working on building machines that can withstand venus difficult conditions. this would allow the machines to collect samples from venus surface for the machines to bring back to earth for our scientists to analize. at the end of the article, the author provides the idea that us humans exploring venus could lead to many other great explorations. overall throughout the article the author continuously provides valuable reasons on why it is worth it for our scientists to explore venus. the exploration could lead to many great things accoriding to the information the author provided to us.