the advantages that not having cars can bring is that they wont be that much air polution anymore. in german there is a city that doesnt allow people to have cars and will get fined if they have there car parked there. also in paris that happens and there is more people that are riding bikes and the smog that is caused by the air pollution is going down. in colombia they are build new sidewalks and parks and sport center have bloomed through the city. now president obama want to do the same thing and has noticed that every years less and less people are not getting their licenses. in paris on mondays motorisrs with evennumbered licenses plates were ordered to leave there car at home or have to pay a  fine. in the story paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer they say congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, and after  days of intensifying smog... since people were not useing their car it droped down the smog. so that proves that the car were what was causing the smog to cover the capital city. robert say the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. this also means that the people were starting to notice that the smog is going down and decisded that it wouls be better if there are no more cars on the street anymore. now in the story the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal its is talking about how the president is seeing how americans are buying less cars, driving licenses and getting less licenses as each year goes by. elisabeth said the united stats, with it broad expanses and surburban ideals, had long been one of the worlds prime car cultures. it is the birthplace of the modeltthe home of detroit thep lace where wilson pickett immprtalized mustang sally. this country is were people have made a name for them selves by building cars and putting things out there to get them from place to place. they should made the people decided what to do. let them want to walk to where ever they need to go to evey day and not have to force them to do something you tell them do to and if they dont you will fine them. in colombia millions of people are all ready used to the no car law. they have taken it in like its nothing. they only alow buses and taxis to drive  million people and it has been  years and people are doing just fine. people have gooten used to it and dont care and dont let anything stop them. now in germany they allow people to buy car only if they pay , for a car space and a home.  of vaubans families do not have cars and  have sold there car to move there. passenger cars are responsible for most of the green house gas. people need to start thing about the way that they are treating with earth. without car people are doing normal thing. in paris, germany and in coloumbia people have taken in the law and have lived with it. i think it is somthing that could be good but a lot of people need cars to get to work and take there kids to school everyday.