they should change to election by popular vote. the people have a right to decide so shouldnt they. we elect electors and not the president thats not right. they electors have changed the votes around. the elctoral college should go. athough there is a positive look to it. letting the people vote is the right thing. under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of elcetors, who in turn elect the president.bradford plumer. so the poeple dont truely decide who becomes president. at least not if we choose the electors and the elctors choose the president. the voting system needs to change. whos to say that the elctors dont change the votes around. the single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. the american people should consider themselves lucky that the  fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century the system allows for much worse. consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people.bradford plumer. so is that possible. the people of the united states dont have control over the elctors except the fact that they choose them. the electors could totally go against the people even though, say one person may have had more votes against this other person. then the electors liked the person who was loosing so the choose that person anyway. whos to say that they havent done it before. it happened in , when gore had more votes than bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that was the first time since . so this did accure twice. the electoral college is a process, not a place. the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens.ofiice of the federal register. so it does have a positive side to it. its a good thing to have to keep the power balanced through out the voting process. so having the electoral college may not truely be a bad idea. although there will always be that inbetween group known as the electors. so they should still change the electoral college over to elections by the people. the voting system needs fixing. the elceltors have chance the vote twice whos to say they wont do it again. the electoral college can be good at some aspects. still the power should always remain with the people and thats how it should be.