in different cities like germany cars are really not needed as much as there are needed in america. a city such as vauban, where cars are rarely even used. most places have areas for cars to be parked forbidden, around the french, freiburg, and swiss borders. vaubans streets are completely carfree, except for main thoroughfare. there are places that allow cars , like freiburgs downtown and a few streets on one edge of the community. there only two places to parklarge garages at the edge of the development, by this carowners space where he bought for ,, along with a home. only  percent of vaubans families dont own cars , and  percent sold one just to move there. cars are rarely needed in vauban that people are immune to it. some people say they are healthier and happier than most with cars. media trainer, heidrun walter a mother of two says im much happier this way. as she enjoys and loves to walk the verdant streets where the chatter of wandering children and the swish of bicycles just drown out the occasional distant motor. vauban completed in  , is an example of a growing trend in europe. the u.s and elsewhere to sepreate suburban life from auto use, as a componet of movement calledsmart planning. automobiles are the linchpin of surburbs, where middle class families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes. if you prefer a car instead of walking all over the place, there may be slight changes you will have to make towards your car. like passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some car instensive areas in united states. no matter if they have cars or not, vauban home to , residents within rectangular square mile, may be the most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life. david goldberg, an official of transportation for america, a fastgrowing coalition of hundreds of groups in the u.s. more and more countries and cities are banning cars due to some of the cons that they do have , like pollution , leakings, car wrecks and many of congestions on streets and highways. there having more carfree days than anything else , cars are just not that important anymore in europe. the end of the car culture is literally coming to an end. even in the united states, americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. cars are just not that important anymore.