most of the people on earths examinated that visiting a different planet such as venus is endanger places to explore but the author from the challenge of exploring venus denied what others thought was wrong. the author suggest that visiting is one of the greatest planet to visite, need to investigated, and how it impact the people who live on earth and expecially the planet earth it self. venus is oftenly reffered to as earths twin. the author included that venus is one of the greatest place to visited. the text says,venus is the closets planets to earth.. this texts show that its not far from earth, and making people should take their chance to visited. the other texts support that its would be the greatest opportunity for the people who would be willing to put his life at risk for good and worst,a crucial consideration gioven the long time frames of a space travel. the value of returning to venus seems indisputable but what are the options for making suh a mission both safe and scientically productive?. this both evidence from the texts exaplain that throught the worst part it would make things better. more people such as young adult, who studies about the earths revolution or who is a scientist, venus is a great place to study about the enviromental as such, weatherclimate, the population and the atmosphere. the author is making a comparison about venus and earth, how they alike. they could make a comparison about earth and venus how they are alike and are different. the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. and the atmospherc pressure is  times greater than what we experince on our own planet. this texts support the evidence about the comparison about earth and venus how are they different. such as enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. this means that in our planet earth how it is difficult for people to survived due to such as hurricane and tornado. venus would be the greatest helper for earth it self in many goods. the contact is the insight of the condition it form lights and how it would impact magnificent the solar system that produced from venus are because venus is the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system.. the author also described it as powerful earthquakes that form lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. this evidence means that venus has a strong power that would form the bigger lighting than earth and it would be the great helper for the humans to uses to make our solar system a better one. venus is oftenly reffered to as earths twin . many people on earth should take a chance to visit venus and learn about the magnifcent circumstand between both planet, eath and venus. the main reason is venus one the greatest helper an impact the people who lives on earth many way. one of them the people would learn many entity on venus by exploring and investigate how things work. people could also make assuption or making comparison about venus and earth and they would learned to make the earth a better place to live and give a credict to the venus for helping the people live in earth.