do you believe aliens are on mars? i am a scientist from nasa and i am here to tell you that there are no alien life forms on mars. recently we have discovered a landform on mars that has the appearance of a human face. many believe the face is ancient alien artifacts, and some believe it is a landform known as a mesa or a butte. this article will explain why this face is not an alien artifact. about  years ago a spacecraft oribting mars called the viking  was searching for landing spots for its sister ship called the viking . in  viking  took a picture of something that had the appearnace of a face, nasa could not explain it at first. after some research that mission controllers came to the conclusion that is was another martian mesa, they were common in the region of cydonia on planet mars. a few days later nasa decided to unveil the image for all to see. the face on mars became a huge hit in pop culture it was featured in movies, books, magazines, and even on radio talk shows. many people begain to think the face was evidence of aliens on mars and were confused because nasa would want to hid ethe evidence of aliens on mars. some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. although few scientist believed the face was an alien artifact, photographing cydonia became a tp priority. nasa took pictures of the face every chance they had. in  mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time and took good pictures of the face. when the photo was seen it was proof of no alien life it was just a landform on mars. many were not satisfied and wanted more proof so in  the mars global surveyor drew close enough to take more detailed pictures. when the scientist got the picture it shows a martian butte or mesa and the scientist compared it with the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho in the american west. when it comes down to it there is no alien life on the planet of mars and the face is nothing but a landform with the appearance of a face. i hope this article has helped you decide if you think it is alien or a landform.