the idea of the computer monitering your facial expressions is not the best thing. there could be people who do not want their facial expressions to be read. some people may want to keep their emotions to themselves. it can go both ways if there is someone who is feeling sad then the computer can tell and your teacher can get to see what the best option is to cheer you up. people can be very hard to read so the idea of the computer being able to tell how you are feeling is really neat because that way humans do not have to do so. people can be able to tell if you are feeling happy,sad,mad and even confused or sick. in the passage the author states that people have trouble telling emotions apart. in the article it said of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. the article specifically stated that people are unsure of what to look for when to see how someone is feeling. i think it would be a good idea to make computers see hoe you feel, but some people might not want their facial expressions to be read by a computer. that is like someone taking a look at you when you are in the shower nobody wants it to happen but if it does they do not feel that great. there is many different ways you can look at this claim. an individual who is feeling sad will get noticed and problably be sent to talk to someone. when it comes to talking to people i know i do not like to do so. some of the things that would go into this would be not as easy as they imagine it would be. some people might not like to talk about their feelings. i know i sure as heck do not like to talk about my feelings. then again there might be a whole lot of people that would like this to happen to computers. it could be valuable because if a teacher is teaching she or he might be too busy to notice how someone is feeling. normally a teacher can tell what type of day someone is having by the way they walk into the classroom. nobody wants to feel sad but if they are a person might be able to make them happy by cheering them up. i do not know if someone would want this to happen or not. the right aproach would be is to have a survey to see how many people would find this useful. people could do a lot of good by having this in schools to tell what type of day a student is having. everybody should have an opertunity to talk to someone and make another person feel good if they are not having a good day.