the seagoing cowboys program have been looking for others to join. i spoke with power as i said that. people who want to have been scarce lately. i stood with confidenece announcing that we need more people. this can be a wonderful change for those who want to help, and you would get to see many intresting and unique places. i looked at the group of people listening,and they were not convinced. the assembly was over. the meeting of people who might join had been not quite intrested. i shook my head. i needed something to show that would make them want to go. our next trip will be near greece. i had already talked to my boss, and we will get to visit the acropolis. i thought about that could be the way to show how great our team is. i continued to think that if we bring the others along they might want to join. i smiled after my boss was on board with the idea. we would finally get people intrested. the day we set aboard hundreds of people joined. the first day we established what we did. for example like bringing animals, food, water,and other supplies. i mentioned how we have taken hourses and have had to take care of them. anyone with animal intrest gleamed as they wanted to join already. i continued to explain that we feed and take care of the animals. not long after we had people who wanted to join as soon as they could. as the days continued, i talked about how we get to see many places while traveling. i told them about going on a gondola ride in venice, italy, and seeing the panama canal on my way to china. the others marvaled at the adventure, but i didnt stop there. i told them about me getting to tour a castle in crete. as before, others we amazed and they too wanted to join quickly. lastly, for those who were not intested in traveling or animals i disscussed the times we had fun aboard. i talked about how we all played baseball and volleyball in where the animals had been housed. how we played table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing whittling,games, and reading. how it was an adventure. it got everyone talking and more than i had hoped wanted to join. i got excited, and i was ready to teach the others. i thanked everyone. i told them that to me it was more than just an adventure. to me it showed me how i get to help people in need. that it has me aware of other countries and their needs. it just makes me happy that i get to help them be helped. all people on the boat cheered and congratulated me. i smiled. i was ready for another journey aboard.