i am aganist the development of driverless cars for many of reasons thats a bad choice for people to agree to aproved this. the purpose of driverless cars is bad idea just without thinking it i already know its going to cause some problems. as for one reason what if theres a sitution where the car doesnt know how to respond to the type of sitution. second reason what if the car has a issue that can indanger your life , third reason driverless cars can increse many people grow obeasted. they said that the cars knows some situtions that could happen but theres of things that could go wrong. what if theres something that some traffic works for got to put a sign will the car know not to avoid it no it will not know. say if you told your car to take you to a place maybe the cars gps could go wrong it could take you somewhere you might know of. what if there was a fire nearby and your car wasnt programed to avoid fires. what if you told your car a command but doesnt respond then your stuck trying to frigure out the problem.say if the car took you a wrong turn but you tried to tell it to stop but doesnt your gonna have to wait so it can finsh its distenation. another command you might tell yout car to do was to give u control of the car but it doesnt let you have control what im trying to say your car now has  control. driverless cars is bad for your health theres many reasons why. ok one many people are going to take advantage of the cars by not walking or just taking the car everyday. that doesnt seem healthy its more like making people more lazy than they are today. these cars is just making a loop hole for people that cant walk to many place thats something to understand but for those people that can chosen not to. so i say let the people that cant drive that actually need these cars not those who use it for no reason other than being lazy. the driverless cars is a great idea but maybe they should revise it before they make it for everyone. also they should make sure that the car should respond to commands and know all the situtions that could happen in everyday lives of people with these cars.