a cowboy who rode he waves essay intoduction luke had turned  before he arrived in greece, he said i could be drafted for military services  paragraph . it took luke to get across the atlantic ocean eastern coast of the united states  weeks, and  month to get to china. luke had made a least  trips, more than any seagoing cowboy. by the time it was  luke had helped people he said  besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china  paragraph . luke had visited venice,italy he rode a gondola because the streets were water. he also  took a tour in a excavated castle in crete, and the panama canalon his way to china paragraph . reasons a few reasons why you should to join the program that luke is in because  he is a night watchman. that seems exicting because he gets to watch over the animal. he got to to visit a whole lot of places like venice, europe, china, and the panama canal.  he was on a boat so he got to visit the places like europe and china. the last reason is to keep himself busy is caring for the animals during th crossing. body what luke likes about being seagoing cowboys is he metioned that this would be an opportunity of a lifetime. when he first got on the boat he was exicted to visit the coolest places. the first one he visited was greece that was the place they headed first. then it was europe that was where the boat was headed toward. venice it is last he said  so was taking a godola ride in venice, italy, acity with streets of water. conclusion they are so manythings that luke learned that ws really acurate of being a night watchman. like helping people benefit of seeing europe and china. going through new expirence places like europe, china, veince,italy. i am sure he probably visited more but, who knows. luke learned that theyres a lot to handle of being a military watchman. the opportunity of a lifetime if he didnt take who knows of what couldve happened to his life after he took the opportunity i am also sure he said hello to my new life.