is venus not safe but survivable for human life? this is the main question scientist are asking themselves. what are other ways scientist are are approaching for venus? what is on venus that scientist find so valuable that they will risk there live for to find out? these are the questions the  nasa  is wondering about traveling to venus. venus is the hottest next to the sun the atmosphere is not easy living conditions but is bareable for human life. the text states, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float aboe the fray. the author states, at thirtyplus miles above the suface, temperatures would still be toasty at around degres fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to the sea level on earth. the text lastly states solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels,the conditons are not easy, but is survivable fo humans. the text lastly states, a vehicle can hover over venus far better then a human can and avoid the unfriendly ground conditons. this states why venus is not safe for human life but survivable to withstand. what scintist find so valuable on venus is the variouse form of life and the land that is inhabiting on it. the texts states, astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well pnce have been the most easrth like planet in our solar system. the author states, long ago venus was probably covered largly with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the text lastly states, the planet has suface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys mountains and craters. this concludes why scientist find venus so valuable to sacrfice human life to travel to venus. the other ways that scientist are approaching for venus is by using technolgy the can withstan the velocity of venus. the author states, for example, some simplified electroics made of silicon carbide have been tested on a chamber stimulating the chaos of venus suface. the texts states, modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delictate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. the author lastly states, by comparison technolgy can be more resistant to pressure,heat,and other forces. this shows the many other ways scientist have thought about other then using human life to research about planet earth this concludes about are physical human life on venus is safe or not. this states also why is so important on venus that they would sacrife human life to travel there in the first place. there also show the ideas that scientist had thought about traveling to venus. quote to the passge  or travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by danger and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imaginations and innovations. this all shows in the essay why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the daners it presents in the passage.