nearly everyone in the united states has a car, if theyre of age. many people would probably argue that they need cars. how else would you get somewhere? well, there are plenty of alternatives to driving, and other ways to just cut back. limiting car usage has become rather popular recently. even though there are some disadvantages from limiting car usage, there are so many more advantages that are extremely beneficial. pollution has always been a big problem almost everywhere in the world, and cars have a huge influence on it. pollution can affect peoples health and damages the environment. in paris they put up a partial driving ban to clear up horrible smog. congestion was down  percent in the captial of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... source . it only took one day of a driving ban to clear up the smog. imagine how much less pollution there would be if people limited driving for multiple days, even maybe weeks, or months? its not like you have to permanently give up driving, just limit it when you can. limiting car usage can also help reduce stress levels and make you happier. it might sound crazy at first because, well how would you get places? wouldnt that cause more stress? vauban, a city in germany, is a city that forbids parking, driveways, and houses with garages. they strategically put stores and buildings within an idealistic walking distance. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two source . if a working mother can do it, so can you. when youre always inside and juggling your kids and their needs, youll most likely be tense and always feel busy. when you have no other option, besides paying over fourty grand for a space in a parking garage, than to walk somewhere, youll get to be outside and experience socialization and the fresh air. in my opinion that sounds way better than being confined to a little car when you have to go somewhere. obviously there are uncountable benefits that come from limiting car usage. i dont know about you, but honestly i would prefer limited car usage. until someone takes action to start making it easier to access places we would normally need our car to get to, limiting car usage is not going to be easy.