studying venus is a worthy pursuit because it is one of the brightest points of light in the sky... that is a good point to start an investigation. it is called the earth twin because venus is the most closest in density, size and distance too. humans have sent a lot of spacecrafts to study a phenomenom related with the speed of the planets that are in our solar system, all of the times that humans have sent spacecrafts trying to stdy venus they just got the destruction of them, that could be the reason of why venus have not being touched in the past thirty years, that is why humans want to know new qualities, more than the ones that we already know. one of the factors that makes venus one of the most challenging planets to study is its thick atmosphere, which is composed of almost  percent of a kind of blankets, under those blankets are clouds containing sulfuric acid. humans just cannot go and walk in venus as we did in the moon, and that is because venus has a lot of extreme environments, which are too different to any environment we can find in the earth, these conditions are the insane temperatures, venus has the hottest surface than any other planet in our solar system, not even mercury has a surface like that. the temperature in venus could reach a level of  degrees fahrenheit which is a totaly unknown temperature for humans. another extreme fact of venuss environment is its atmospheric pressure which is more than  times greater that the pressure we experience in the earth. but that is not all about venus, the geology and weather that venus presents include erupting volcanoes, earthquakes and sometimes it gets some lightning strikes. humans are completly surprised by venus and its environment today, because there are astronomers who could be totally sure about venus having oceans and a few forms of life a long time ago, those who can be sure about it say that venus still has some features similar to the earth, some of them are valleys, mountains and craters. nasa has an idea for sending humans to study venus, it will be so complicated to do, but the astronomers say that is the only way to get more information of venus, having humans in the surface of venus they could take samples of rock, gas, or anything else. astronomers say that if they really want to know more about venus they have to be there and experience all its difficulties despite the risks. they take all of its difficulties as challenges. many others astronomers are working in machines that could be send to venus, maybe that is because they think that step the surface of venus is completly impossible. despite all the work required to go to venus, people think we should not have any limit, they think we have to have curiosity in what we want to do, or in this case, what we want to know, that is why workers of the nasa, with their imagination, keep thinking in new forms to get the information that they want to get, and they are working using all their innovation, and of course... their imagination.