millions of people use cars in their everyday lives whether its driving to work, school or even the supermarket. with the amount of people on the streets on a daily basis, its not suprising that there is a major traffic issue in miami. most people dont realise how big of an issue this truly is because in reality they just need to get to and from work. im here to inform you about the beneficial alternatives to driving everywhere you go. whether going to work or driving your kids to soccer practice, a way of transportation is a must. most people choose the easy way out and just hop in their brand new luxury cars. but what if i told you there is an easier way, a more efficient way? all around miami, there are metro rail stations. these stations are clean, safe, and not to mention useful. there are busses, trollys, and even metro movers that can take you all around the city. the trains, busses, trollys and metro movers all run on a schedule. an easy way to limit your gas bill, pollusion and time wasted in traffic is to simply set up a route to where you need to go and catch the appropriate mose of transportation. time is always on peoples mind, whether you have enough time to go shopping for a new dress or maybe stop by grandmas house. all things require time. everyday millions of americans spend hours stuck in traffic due to rushhour. this means less time spent with family andmore tijme bonding with the annoying car horns constantly beeping. if you could switch to another mode of transportation you could cut time commuting in half. the metro rail avoides all traffic regardless and if more people start thinking like this then the bus might soon be avoidingall traffic too. heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two says when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. everyday she walks verdant streets listening to the delightful sound of people chatting and children playing, something she was unable to appretiate with her windows rolled up as she drove around town. so many fuel consuming vehicles on the street on a daily basis cant be too great for our enviroment, dont you think? it isnt, all this pollution is causing a nasty smog all over the world, some places more than others. paris tends to have more smog than europe but not too long ago, paris had  micrograms or particulate matter per cubic meter compared to  in brussels. this smog makes it difficult for dilivery companies to complete their jobs. this smog isnt good for us either just think about what you are breathing.