i am against the development of driverless cars. although they may be more fuel efficient than cars we use now, there are many factors that take a negative impact against their development. the driverless cars cannot do evrything on theyre own and who will get held responsible for crashes and injuries that happen will using the cars? the cars cannot do everything on theyre own so they arent actually driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. so the driverless cars can only do a limited number of things and then they have to rely on human capability so they arent really driverless. they have vibrating seats to alert the driver when they need to take control but, what if the driver falls asleep since there isnt anything to focus on or they are too tired? they might not wake up which could end in a crash which could inflict injuries on the driver or others in the environment. they would have to create new laws and decide on who will be held accountable for crashes and injuries.  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault, the driver or the manufacturer? so how can they hold a driver at fault if the car is driverless it would be the manufacturers fault for not developing the car correctly. then the driver would be able to sue because of being sold a defective car. this would cause the manufacturers to lose money and other drivers would not want to buy the cars because they would be afraid of being injured or worse. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. so how are these manufacturers going to promise safety and deal with problems that occur? there are many negative factors that play a part in the development of driverless cars , even though they are more fuel efficient. the driverless cars cannot do everything on theyre own and who gets held responsible when someone is injured by the use of these cars? these are two of the factors that contribute to why i am against driverless cras.