in my opinion i think that this face on mars is a landform. for one, we have never seen an alien or have any trace of aliens. i think that we think it has something to do with aliens because it is in a face shape like us. but honestly, huge rocks or huge meterorites could have caused it to look like that. also there hasnt been any sight of life on mars because of the conditions. if humans couldnt live on mars, then how could aliens? huge rocks and huge meters crash into the planets and moon all the time. i honestly think that it is the rocks or something in space that caused this. i dont think that there is any sight or any posssible way that there could be life or aliens on this planet. when they went to go see again and go check out the face on mars they didnt see anything, there was no alien monument. they also talk about how it is very hard to be able to see the face on mars i think that if there was a possiblity that it could be a bout aliens and this face on mars appeared because of aliens then there wouldnt onlly be one face. i think that if there were tons of face looking landforms then maybe there couldve been life on mars for aliens. since there were no other faces that couldve been another alien, i dont think that there is a way that this has anything to do with aliens. it also states in the passge that you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. he states that if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids that you would be able to see them. if you could make things larger and see farther into the picture than i think there wouldve been more to find. there wasnt any other sign of aliens found in the picture. i think aliens for sure having nothing to do with this, but at the same time they could have. i think if scientists really were able to go and see this i think they should study the face more often to see if there is any evidence of any other alien or any other landform that has to do with them. my personal opinion is that it has nothing to do with aliens.