i do not believe that using the facial action coding system to read students emotional expressions would be beneficial to classrooms, because if students are confused they can simply ask their teachers questions, and when students are bored, the computer can not simply make them entertained. most teachers have expirience dealing with students who do not immediately understand or comprehend their lessons, and when students ask questions, their teachers can answer them, and attempt to better their students understanding. quoted in the text, dr. huang predicts, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor dalto para. . this quote shows an idea of how the computer reading human emotions could potentially modify lesson plans based on student confusion or boredem. i dont agree with this statement because, while the computer would be able to read human emotions and track confusion, it still wouldnt be able to track what particular topics each student is confused about, and i believe the most efficient way of finding that out is for teachers to ask students questions, or for students to ask teachers questions. although this computer could potentially read facal expresions and features, it could not simply come up with solutions to students bordem or tiredness. often times teachers have students sit down and take notes, and although many students do not particularly enjoy taking notes, it is a manditory part of many classes, and teachers being able to know that their students are bored will not have an affect on most of their lessons. the text states, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different dalto para. . not only do i believe that this would be an invasion of privacy when computers are able to track peoples specific moods and advertise to them based on their moods, but especialy so if this was implimented in a classroom for a teacher to be able to track specific students moods and emotions every day. facial action coding system would not be beneficial to a classroom because both bordem and confusion can simply be expressed to a teacher, and although the computer could identify human emotions, it has no real way of solving problems that arise with students emotions or moods.