humans are complex creatures that are very emotional. many of us can sympathize or empathize with the feelings of others. some other humans and technology cant really tell how you feel. with the advances in the facial action coding system, we will be able to create a more empathetic society and a more comprehensive species. for example, every human has experienced at least one among these many emotions at least once in their life. those emotions being happy, surprised, angry, disgusted, afraid, and sad. eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with the characteristic movements of the facial muscles. paragraph  if other humans and technology are able to identify these feelings with more simplicity than now, that can lead us into a more interactive society. some may also not really show emotion much. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal..., even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. paragraph  this can apply to our more outcast and introverted people who dont neccessarily like showing emotion, so being able to tell how theyre feeling will be a large step to a more outgoing personality to those who feel they cant. additionally, this technology enhancement can help us to have a more tolerable environment for children and rebellion who dont like going to school or attending certain events. its all about those muscular action units. they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. paragraph  if a computer can differentiate smiles and their context behind it, we can create a more empathetic world. this technology can also spot liars amongst us, especially larger figures in society. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful paragraph  if we can indentify liars and people who are no good with facial cues, we can have a more equal basis amongst ourselves and rid of people who lie and decieve us for fame or attention. hence, with the sheer amount of possibilities that lie ahead for us, facs may be the one thing that can bring us all together. with a world in unison, we can finally have peace. we can also have sympathy and empathy for those close and acquainted with us. this will be a very large step for mankind if we can help advance facs research.