driving a car is one of the hardest thing to do for the reason that you need to learn how to drive, you need to know what are the rules in driving and what are the traffic regulations in order to prevent conflicts such as accident. with all these problems google had come with an idea on creating a driverless cars which could drive independently. googles idea might be the smartest decision that theyve had but the question is, are driverless cars helpful or harmful? when we look back on the past there were companies that made a smartroad systems like the general motors and surprisingly it worked well, but the problem is, it required massive upgrade to existing roads which is an expensive thing to do. with the result of smartroad system which didnt really succeed, manufacturers think of a greater ideato create driverless cars which could really help a lot of people especially those who doesnt want driving. one of googles modified toyota prius uses a lot of sensors like positionestimating sensors, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver and an inertial motion sensor. all of those material are used to make sure that driverless cars are safe to use, can detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers, and can handle itself and do its task properly. those are just the helps that driverless cars can do. when we look on the other side, driverless cars are not comepletely driverless, which means the drivers need to remain alert and focused all the time. and so the main problem is if the driver is not focused when the car gives alert then the passengers safety will be at risk. also, when an accident happen with the use of driverless car, will the driver be at fault or the manufacturer? in conclusion, driverless cars have both positive and negative side. the decision of a person if he will use this car is on his own responsibility. when someone wants to use driverless cars he should be a responsible driver because scenarios such as accidents can still happen even youre using a driverless car.