there are many things that the world can benefit from by having driverless and smart cars. deaths caused by car accidents, reckless, and drunk drivers would not be as high as they are now if we had driverless and smart cars. the amount of gas usage would not be as high as it is, becuase most people would not even need it. people would not have the stress of worrying about crashing into others cars or things. a car being a smart car, knowing when things are getting dangerous, and knowing not to crash into things would be also very beneficial for beginners and drivers who are paranoid about driving. driverless and smart cars could really change the way the world works when it comes to cars. i think driverless cars would be safer for the world. when people die by car it is usually because of the reckless and drunk drivers behind the wheel. now sometimes you can not control the way a person drives and also acccidents happen. with smart and driverless cars you have less things to worry about when it comes to things like accidents. i feel as if driverless cars would really help contribute to the stopping of all the unnecessary deaths cause by reckless and drunk drivers. in  bmw developed a car that was called a  traffic jam assistant . that car could handle functions at speeds up to  mph. it could accelerate, steer, and brake for itself. even though the car did all of those things, it still notified the person behing the wheel when they needed to pay attention to the road ahead. i feel as if a car that is able to do that is wonderful and very beneficial to drivers and pedestrians. being that people have already started developing these types of cars, i think that they should go on with making them better and safer for the world to have. driverless and smart cars are things that just shows how well we have advanced with technology. driverless and smart cars should continue to be developed and made even better in differnt ways. why not take advantage of new techonology, and use it in a good way. driverless and smart cars are bound to be great in years to come.