a reason people should join the program is help countries recover supply of food, animals, and more. the text states, it was , world war ll was over in europe, and many countries were left in ruins. the text also states, to help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined together to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration. they should join together for the program to also help with families that have had relatives die in world war ll. the text states, luke bomberger crossed the atlantic ocena  times and the pacfic ocean twice to help people affected by world war ll. the text also states, helping out aunt katies farm as a boy had prepared luke for hard work, but not for the dangers at sea. on his second, luke served as a night watchman. his job was to check on all the animals every hour. luke started helping them because he wanted to help people after world war ll. the text states, lurk bomberger had no idea that his life would change soon after his highschool graduation. he was working two parttime jobs in a grocery store and a bank when his friend don reist invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat. luke couldnt say no. he knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime. the text also states, unrra hired seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses, young cows, and muled that were shipped overseas. luke and don signed up. luke helped shop  horses with hay and oats to greece. the text states, in august , they recieved their ordes to report to new orleans. we arrived august , luke says, the day the pacific war ended. the text also states, they got their seamans papers and boarded the ss charles w. wooster, headed for greecewith a cargo of  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. another reason to help is because sometimes, you can see places youve never experienced before. the text states, the cattleboat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a smalltown boy, he says. besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. but seeing the acropolis in greece was special, he says. the text also states,  so was taking gondola ride in venice, italy, a city with streets of water. luke also toured an exavated castle in crete and marveled at the panamam canal on his way to china. after that, he unloaded the animals and then had a little fun. the text states, luke also found time to have fun on board, especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time. the text also states, but being a seagoing cowboy was much more that an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the world to him. im grateful for the opportunity, he says. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs, and that awareness stayed with him, leadin his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years.