human learning and comprehension goes far beyond a textbook, so why do we still value and use old methods of teaching when theres technology being made to help with that? professors and researchers at beckman institute and the university of amsterdam have teamed up to create a computer that runs a series of complex algorithims to determine the emotion on a persons face using an emotionless model as a comparison. if this was used in a learning environment such as a classroom, it can greatly improve understanding and learning of where lessons confuse kids and how a teacher, if not the computer, can help a child with a certain learning curb. this technology could offer or provide alternative learning methods or change up the lesson a bit to fit a certain childs needs. many teachers are busy helping other kids or grading schoolwork that a lot oftentimes feel left out and do not succeed with a lack of understanding. this tech sure shows promising results, but it may not be flawlless. one algorithim or facial reading might be wrong since it only reads whats on the outside and not whats is actually inside the mind of a person let alone a child. theres also no substitute for an actual teachers learning and teaching when it comes to a confused child that is open about where the confusion arose in the first place. the facs, or facial action coding system, can step in where other primative human minds fail. the system stores known facial expressions and emotions such as happiness, sadness, anger, disgust, fear, and surprise. since this system is programed to recognize facial expressions and emotions, its easier for it to figure out what someone is feeling faster rather than a teacher or some persons guesswork. it can provide fast and easy solutions to a childs problem in his or her study. this can be integrated into almost every classroom and reach every kid in that class individually without a waste of teaching time or probability. this seems great for anyone who has money, because with this reasearch and development, it doesnt seem free. thats one issue with this technology, it is not widespread and it might hinder any success or slim chances of actuallly making it into a class room. most schools nowadays just got new prometheian boards that one can only assume is old technology. this technology would most likely take years to reach a classroom if not for commercial use. many school districts and cities do not have a big enough budget to spend on such tech since any other old style teaching and underpaid teachers are cost effective. all in all, i think this technology would actually really help a wide range of children and teachers in classrooms after a few years of development and reasearch to greatly expand the learning horizon and bring down costs.