do you believe in aliens or life on other planets? a face shape was found on mars and many are calling it an alien marking. it is proven that it is not from aliens through research and pictures, however people still continue to protest. our scientists at nasa have already studied the mark as soon as it was spotted. also, if the so called face marking was from aliens, nasa would be all over it. first of all, the scientists at nasa have already studied and observed the marking as soon as we were notified and pictures were sent to us. later, finding out that it turned out to be nothing more than a natural made landform. the quote, scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia  shows how we found out really what it was. the quote, a few days later nasa unveiled the image for all to see  shows how nasa was sharing with the people the truth behind what the marking was. we wished we could have been able to do more research on aliens, but that was only capable if the life on mars were real. lastly, if there were real aliens, we would be open about it and do research immediately. the quote, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars  shows how we wish that the aliens did exist so we could learn more about life on mars. the quote but the sensation was short lived  shows how we were sad that the landmark wasnt alien made. we would have liked it if we would have been able to research the landmark about aliens but unfortunatly it wasnt caused by aliens. if the marking was real, we have been proud to announce that and would have not keepen it a secret. others might argue that our team at nasa are lying to the public but that is not true. they say that we are hiding the information from the public. the quote, some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars  shows how other people have different thoughts on what we found. another quote, nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists  shows how people begin to believe and think that were lying to them about our discovey. however, our scientists would be thrilled if it really was aliens, starting ancient civilization on mars. some believe that the marking on mars was an alien marking. we, scientists, have proof that it was not. we have done plenty of research as proof to our conclusion. if the mark was real, nasa would have already discovered all sorts of information on life on mars. i and the other scientists at nasa believe one day we will discover alien life form but may ,  just wasnt that day.