hi my name is luke bomberger, i am a seagoing cowboy. we need new recruits. being a seagoing cowboy is a onece in a life time chance that most people never get. youre not one of those people. i am here giving you a chance to become one of us. i know youre probably thinking to yourself ,why should i do that? or what is a seagoing cowboy? well before i was here, i was working two part time jobs when a good friend of mine invitted me to come onto a cattle boat with him so i did.youll be amazed at what we can do and what this job can teach you! a seagoing cowboy is when peopel get on boats or ships with animals such as, horses,sheep e.c.t. we take the animals and the food to the destination and drop them off. now it may sound lame or boring but it actually is fun and interesting. you play some games with your shipmates,when we go to a destination for example, greece you could go sight seeing or just walk around but we do not have to get on the ship directly after work is done! we get to have loads of fun. which is why you should become a seagoing cowboy!! when or if you decide to join me and my friends you should know what exaclty youre getting into. so well start with where we go. we go all around the world for a matter of fact, weve been to greece, china, new orleans, venice,europe, and we saw the panama canal.some advantages of being one is that , one of course you get to travel to so many places and see and experiance so many new things.you meet awesome people who will become life long friends.not only that but the pays not bad either. in all you get to have me as a caption which is an automatic plus, you get good money, you are helping others and you get to travel for free with amazing people who can teach you incredable things about life. if you still havent signed up i think youre crazy. this is your lastchance for the best adventure of your life with memories that will never leave you.i am glad that i was able to recruit si many young people who want to help out in the world.thank you so much and remember all of the good things that will come when you sign up to be a seagoing cowboy.