should there be driverless cars in the future? driverless cars are good to use if you are disabled, or getting ready for a meeting and had no time at home. on the other hand, driverless cars should not be on the roads because they are dangerous in so many ways. they cant see things when backing up. nor can they stop immediately if a car drives by quickly when backng up. driverless cars should not be on the roads due to dangers of people and other drivers on the road. maybe someone might want to drive to the store but turn early to go somewhere else. the car may or may not turn for the person inside of the car if they tell the car to turn sooner. when a driverless car is backing out of a driveway, they might keep going even if there is a car coming and about to hit the driverless car. some cars dont see others when backing out of a driveway and they cant automatically stop if there is one close and about to hit you. when backing out of a parking space, driveway, or anything else, the driver should take control to back out and then let the car go back to being driverless. it is for the safety of other cars and the safety of people. driverless cars can be great for people going to meetings and they didnt have time to put makeup on, then that person can get ready in the car as the car takes them to their destination. lets say that a person is going to the bar, and they take a taxi there and back. the driverless car would be in great use for that person when they leave the bar. if a person is intoxicated they should not be driving at all. so, the driverless car can take control and take that intoxicated person home without getting pulled over or getting in an accident. another good reason driverless cars can be great is for gas and speed limits. there are speed limits for a reason and if driverless cars were in control then there would be no more speeding on roads. there would be no more tickets handed out for speeding. with driverless cars there would be less gas used. my opinion is that there should not be driverless cars in this world. there is too many dangerous things that can happen like not stopping immediately, just backing out and not caring who is coming, and too many accidents waiting to happen. some people are right, there can be driverless cars for people who cannot drive if they are injured, intoxicated, or cannot see, but not the whole world should have driverless cars. also, yes, these cars are good for speed limits and gas usage, but the government would be spending way too much money on these cars. most of the money that we have would go towards building these. not everyone would have one of these cars. there are many reasons to have and not to have these driverless cars. some people think that they should in case of an injured person who needs to get to places and if someone is intoxicated with alcohol they should have one ready to pick them up instead of having that intoxicated person have a chance of getting into a crash. some people think that they should not have these cars due to dangers of people in other cars. there are certain places to have these cars and not to have these cars, and some of the places that should would be downtown in larger cities. places not to have them are in neighborhoods near kids and in the country. i think that these could work just not everywhere in this world.