in the article making mona lisa smile we can get an understanding of how we have a new technology at our fingertips. this article provides basic information on not only how this technology works but, also how we can apply it to our daily lives. this technolgy can be made into many applications as we can use it in school or at home or even at your job. using the new facial action coding system in our lives can benefit us in many ways. these benefits include making more realistic animated faces for artwork or even movies, the system can also be applyed toward school and in affecting the lesson to keep the learning process more affective and exilerating. the facial action coding system can affectivly be used in the enviroment of learning.  a classroom computor could recogonize when a student is becoming confused of bored, dr. huang predicts.  then it could modifly the lesson, like an effective human instructor. paragragh six this can be a huge benefit to students around the world. many times can students get bored of the lesson and also get confused. with this technology we can all get the benefit of getting the lesson changed if needed to best fit our way of learning and to give us a better atmosphere to learn. this can be applyied to virually everyone that wants it and could benefit everyones program greatly. another application of this technology is for it to be used in a job application of creating better faces for animation in many situations. this same technology can make computoranimated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. paragraph six. this can be another pro for anyone in animation towards video games or a surgeon trying to teach others what is going to happen in the surgy. all these things can be a huge benefit to thses fields of jobs. the application of this technology can not only benefit us but improve our lives as this system can open up new job and make more real live situations better for the user. the benefits of making more realistic animated faces for artwork or even movies and, the system can also be applyed toward school and in affecting the lesson to keep the learning process more affective and exilerating. using the new facial action coding system in our lives can benefit us in many ways. the new system can be applyied in countless other things in this world to create many other better to the user. the system can chnage us and form us into a better world with these applications.