almost everywhere where there is a human population, there is a major usage of cars. cars and other vechiles are used one a day to day basis and are one of the reason most people have jobs. but what if cars could get better, cheaper, and usable for all including the disabled. this is the the future of cars the driverless car. in the modern world, people that are poor tend to stuggle to get a job. one of the reason this happens is because they dont have a way of getting to work on time. sure buses and subways are the best public way of travel but they tend to take a while to arrive at your stop. not to mention the crowd of the people who also need to be on the transport. whith driverless cars, there is a way people with small income can go to places with wait and owning a car. google cofounder sergey brin says that a publictransport taxi system could become reality and would use half the amount of fuel todays taxis use. meaning the price for fair would also decrease and be easier for the wallet. driverless taxis will not only help the poor but also the disabled too. people who are bind or have other handicaps that would stop them from getting from place to place alone could now be able to move around freely in the driverless taxis. the cars could also have a customer service opition so if anyone needs help, they can have a person help them. since the cars would have a d modle the surroundings, by using lidar, the passenger wouldnt have to worry about driving or being in danger. this would also improve the life of the police and other rescue agencies that need to speed through traffic by stopping all cars in the area or slowing them down. the whole city would be safer since most people would be using the driverless cars instead of regular ones. in the future, the people will be safer, spend less money, and live better if driverless become reality. so far though, all attemps are not successful since a driver is still needed to do things the car cant, like navigating through work sites or accidents. but with given time and research, the idea of the driverless car will become a great improvement to the lives of many people.