when reading this article i couldnt help but to start thinking about the topic that was brought fourth. i mean when you really think about it driverless cars arent anything special. my position on all of this is that these driverless cars should not be developed at all. its just not a very smart move. driverless cars should not be manufactured. i think that it would cause to much accidents to occur. and then whose fault would that be, the driver or the makers. as stated in paragraph , if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? if people cant help getting in car accidents by being reckless and crazy whill they are driving the car who says it will be any better with these driverless cars. even if these cars were some would still need a driver to help navigate them at some point. in paragraph  it says that the bmw developed a car that could,and i quote,  handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. it even sates that, in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless.they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. meaning a person would still have to be in the car and help drive, but this also means that the person would have to stay in touch with their surroundings to make such they are on call when something does occur and the car needs their help. as stated in paragraph , this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. see the thing is that we humans have always pushed to create the future before it is time for it to come. we see movies and t.v shows with cars that drive on autopilot, and this is something we want, but shouldnt have. with this whole driverless cars this, it just doesnt make sense because there would still need to be a human behinde the wheele at all times. with cars that are like this, when the car is driving its self do you really think the person behinde the wheele will really be paying attention to the road still. the answer is no, they will be texting, talking on the phone, playing or laughing with friends that are in the car with them and or eating. this is why we have laws against these kinds of things, as stated in paragraph ,  presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars, and it should stay this way. so in conclusion i do not believe we should have driverless cars at all. they do not seem safe or smart. a car is meant to be driven by man not a machine, and it should most certainly stay this way.