many students will benefit from this software if it can truly sense emotions. if the software is truly like it suggests, students in the classroom could improve grades significantly. if students grades improve, their moral would improve, their stress levels would decrease dramatically, and they would have a better learning experience because of personalized lessons. this software could be a major benificial tool in future schools. if the software can automatically improve the learning experience of students it would be for the better all of the way around. the aritcle provides a quote from dr. huang that states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. it seems like the software in schools would not abolish teachers, but merely help them with a students learning experience. each student learns in a different way, and the software is intended to fix that problem in schools. therefore diminishing confusion and improving grades, and in conclusion, improving the moral of students. with grades improving, students would be able to focus more quickly and more often. it would also provide a sense of comfort and provide a significant decrease in stress. as long as personalized lessons are in place, students would become more comfortable with the topics that they are learning and that ultimately improves test scores which goes back into improving moral. with the facial action coding system in effect, students would have an overall better learning experience. students that are able to learn and understand the material tend to do better on tests. if the software is in place, it will change the learning experience to that particular person so they are able to understand that particular topic, which causes better test scores, which causes a moral boost, and decreases stress levels. if the facial action coding system is placed in full effect in schools everywhere, students would improve their grades dramatically purely on the foundation of personalized lessons. if students grades improve, they will see an improvement in their moral, as well as having decreased stress levels, and most importantly have a better learning experience. this software could provide major benefits to schools around the world, and one may not understand why it is not in effect in schools today.