there are many factors that makes venus a very challenging planet for humans to study. although venus is the closest planet to earth, there are many risks that have made it a very challenging place to examine more closely. venus is the second planet from the sun which makes it very hard to achieve missions. all of the previous missions were unmanned because no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. in the article the challenging of exploring venus, the author supports his claim that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by telling the reader about venuss thick atmosphere, nasas possible solution to venuss hostile conditions, and all of the forms of light that it cannot penetrate. studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite a challenge it presents, like venuss thick atmostphere. the planets surface and the atmospheric pressure is much more greater than what people experience on earth. the temperature is so much greater that it would crush a submarne. paragraph  states, also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. there are too many risks from this planet being the hottest planet in the solar system, for people to explore it. it wouldnt be safe for people to experience this incredibly hot planet. another challenge that studying venus brings to the reader, is nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus. vehicles would be hovering miles above the landscape to avoid the ground conditions by staying up and out of the way. paragraph  states, at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. it could be very dangerous with people many miles above the surface, along with the termpature very high. although its survivable for humans, its still very dangerous. another challenge that studying venus brings to the reader is all of the forms of light that it cannot penetrate. since the light isnt penetrating the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography effectively, people only receive limited insite on ground conditions on venus. people have to look at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet to even get a little bit of insight. paragraph  says, therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. since researchers cant take samples of things like gas, or rocks from a distance, they are working on innovations that would allow their machines to last long enought to help with their knowledge of venus. studying venus has many challenges to go along with it. although studying this planet is a worthy pursuit, some dangers were presented by telling the reader about venuss thick atmosphere, nasas possible solution to venuss hostile conditions, and all of the forms of light that it cannot penetrate. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system which makes it hard for people to explore it if the pressure is so high. vehicles hover miles above the landscape to avoid the ground conditions by staying up and out of the way. since its so hard to get close the venus because of its risks, people have to look at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet to even get a little bit of insight. although there are many dangers that come with exploring venus, people get so much out of the result if researchers get to exploring what they needed to, to inform the rest of the people.