going to study planet venus with standing the obstacles and problems the scientist would face, it would be really dangerous and risky, just like going to any other planet on earth. to go there, the scientists need to get fully ready like they always do, they have to known more about the planet venus. they have to know the danger are there and the good things can be found there as well. venus is a good planet apart from the fact that it is the hottest planet. according to the second paragraph on the second line, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occationally the closest in distance too. the author of this essay didnt really support the idea that the national aeronautics and space administration. the author seem to point his ideas to why scientist should not go to venus to study. he basically gave reasons why they should travel to venus. he talked about the disadvanges. he also explained the challenges of visiting venus. in paragraph , he stated, numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. he gave a general reason of why human should not go to study the planet venus. the author stated that, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us to many equally intimidated endevours. this qoute means that, the human curiosity will make us do more indimidated endeavours which can put us in danger. he also stated that, our travels on earth and beyond should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. he thinks we should take less risky jouneys and stay put where there is less danger. in conclusion, the author didnt support the idea of  venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, he mostly talk about not doing risky things. he taked about the good ideas of going to venus at the beginning of the ssay but he changed evrything at the end of the essay.