have you ever took a vacation into a large city to see someone you know, or live in one yourself? well if you didnt already notice, every single day wether the weather is nice or stormy, theres always this layering dark gray haze in the sky of pollution combined with the sound and congestion of cars going to tons of different destinations. that right there would be a car polluted city, which has a smog problem because of the over use of auto mobiles which is extremely harmful to the environment and us as human beings. youre probably thinking how do i stop using my car? but the goal isnt to stop using auto mobiles, but maybe to....reduce it. one very big impact you can make is to car pool which you probably already do but maybe try if you try making it an every morning habit, like for example you and your aquaintances go to the same destination for work, and you happen to live within a couple miles of them, if you have time you could pick them up and drop them off which would not only be much better for the environment, you would also be decongesting traffic by keeping three or more cars off the road. now imagine if everyone did it? the roads would be calm and empty, making transportation much faster or easier and create huge positive impact on the environment by reducing all those green house gases. is the job or place youre heading too, four or less miles away, and you cant pay for that ridiculously priced gallon or two of gas every morning to start your car and you dont have any friends near by to car pool? the answer is simple and actually might get you there faster plus save you lots of money, its biking there. now you probably are thinking thats completely undesirable to have to do that every day to go somewhere local. here is why its actually a huge advantage over driving that short distance, . youll end up with more money at the end of the week by not buying gas, . you will get fit much faster because biking will burn calories just like running or working out would and . you can completely avoid congestion which definitely makes your life less stressful because trust me, no one wants to be late for something so close to them just because of car traffic. to conclude this, its really ultimately your decison and if you would like to make a extraordinary positive impact on the environment, make your life easier or less stressful, then id do it, and maybe along the way you might become better friends with people you know by car pooling with them or become more fit and healthy by making biking just as routine as your car used to be every day for those short distance trips.