driverless cars are not the future. the fact that some people are willing to just hand their life to a preprogrammed car is upsurd. driverless cars have several issues including cyber attack and cost. it is also important for young adults to learn the responsibility of driving and its benefits. i would also like to point out that the article driverless cars are coming is incorrect on the notion that gas usage will be reduced first, any competent hacker would be able to easily rewrite the cars programs and commit mass murder. these cars could be hacked for assassinations or just acts of terrorism. these cars would also be under attack from computer virus almost all the time, this would require a costly antivirus software for almost everycar. driverless cars could easily become weapons against the innocent citizens during a war and are unsafe to mass produce the article driverless cars are coming states that gas usage would drop dramatically but currently bill gates and several other of the worlds richest people are funding billions of dollars to find a relevant source of renewable energy. synthetic photosynthesis is being developed, this source of energy allows the turning of gaseous carbon into liquid fuel similar to gasoline. with these predicted advancements fuel will no longer be an issue thus cant be a valid argument in an article predicting advancements in the future. another reason driverless cars should not be developed is that there is a certain level of responsibility required to drive a car. this responsibilty helps mature young adults and also gives them a sense of accomplishment. we as humans already rely on technology way to much we dont need to further increase our reliance. another reason driverless cars should not be developed is the cost. the cost of developing these driverless cars would be in the trillions for each country that participates, to create these cars almost all major roads in the world would have to be heavily analyzed and improved. all the major roads would have to be fit with sensors and other technology to keep the cars on the road. all the major companies in the world together could not purchase these advancements. for driverless cars to develope the governments of the world and the world bank would have to invest large sums of money, of which most of them dont have. crippiling debt could be caused by the developement . as you can see driverless cars are an awful idea that could lead to crippling debt, mass murder, and even more reliance on technology. this technology is not neccesary for the everyday life as a human being and should thus be forgotten.