as the years go by, people come up with new inventtion. from shoes to clothing to lifestly and even to sotfware. a group of people came up with something no one could ever think of. new software has been developed that improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. i think this new software is valuable to students in classrooms. the software is the lastest innovation from prof. thomas huang of the beckman insttitute for advances science at the university of illionois. dr. huang and his collegue are experts at developing better ways for human and computers to communicate. eckman has classified six basic emotions. they are happiness, surprised, anger, fear, disgust, and sadness. this software is very good at telling a humans emotions. it also gives an example your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes raises your eyebrow when you are surprised and your orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger. students in classes can value this software in many ways. for one, the system can identify mixed emotions. each expression is compared against a neutral face. if a student get confued or bored, the classroom computer will recognize their emotion. it will then modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. some student appear to be shy and quite in class and sometimes are afraid of asking for help. this saystem can help them without even asking and will improve their knowledge. this system is like no other system. it is unique and different and designed to help students in class. that is why its good and helpful for students. it decribes how this sysem can indicate the differences between a genuine smile and a forced one. i think it is weird how it can tell your emotions but at the same time it is helpful. in conclusion, students can take this new software seruously and other will not. according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. imagine a computer that knows when you are happy or sad. in my oppinion, this software is very valuable for stdents in a classroom.