driverless cars are in the near future of the st century. every street will be covered with smart cars. but every idea must have a problem to it. people are wondering if these cars are safe, and are they? i believe that these cars will danger our future in the st century. i turned  on march ,  and i will be able to get my licence on june . like most every teen i am excited to be on the road driving my own car, but having driverless cars around could stop that. growing up with driverless cars could lead to a generation of teens not learning how to drive and i believe that learning how to drive is a great way to learn responsibility. it also shows that the teen is growing up and becoming an adult, so it is like a step or passage to adulthood. in paragraph  it tells of problems with the law. it states that if there is an accident who would take the blame for the cause of the accident, the driver or the manufactuer. if the driver takes the accident to court, the person can say it was the cars fault and that the manufacturer is at fault because they came up with the technology. if the manufactuer takes the accident to court they could say that the driver wasnt paying attention when they should have been. this whole situation can go both ways but i would favor the driver more than the manufactuer. having a smater car can be dangerous at times. the whole article states that the car would be doing almost everything on its own. this could produce a problem if there is an accident. if someone got hit and it ended up hitting in a place that damaged the technology, the car could start up in flames and the person could be trapped because the technology is broken. the person might die becasue the car was so reliable on the technology and doing its own things. in conclusion, i feel like it is a horrible idea to produce driverless cars. they can bring many problems to the world, like not learning how to drive, legal situations and relying on technology to much. the smart cars dont bring safety, they bring problems.