imagining a day without a car seems impossible if you are one of those people who depend on a car seven days a week. if you, my fellow citizens, take the chance to live at least a day without a car you would experience all the advantages of not having a vehicle. these advantages include, saving money, time and the enviroment. not only will you be saving things we all wish to save on, we will also gain the oppurtunity to have more one on one time with friends or even family. experiencing a day without something you always depend on may seem foolish, considering, passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. paragraph , source  in german suburb, life goes on without cars  living a day without your vehicle you can find yourself saving time,according to paragraph , source  the end of car culture  transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources,lower emissions and improve safety. if more and more people decide to live a motorvehicle free life, then this could result in less traffic which can result in having enough time for that cup of coffee before work. although, if you dont have a car to get to further places that means you would have to take public transportation, such as a bus. when riding a bus, it is obvious that you are not the only passenger which means that you are not the only stop, this could result in a longer ride. when heading some where, its common that the person needs or wants to get there at a specific time, this could be a reason why not having a car could not apply to you. apparently, using public transportation or car pooling can give you the opportunity to bond with your friends, who would want that before arriving at your eight hour shift? as mentioned in paragraph , the rise in cellphones and carpooling apps has facilitated more flexiable commuting arrangements.source  the end of car culture  this could be difficult for you to imagine but it is known that us, humans, are creatures of habit, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit... paragraph ,source  the end of car culture  this means that once we start this amazing and life changing habit, we wont be able to stop. clearly, not having a vehicle could give you many advantages in your every day life. no more time being wasted or losing touch with close friends. instead of viewing this as something negative, take it as something positive so that you could adapt and let riding a bike to work, a life changing habit.