in making mona lisa smile the author decribes a new technology which can be used to accuratly detect a persons emotion even with a plain face. this facial coding system is valueable but i feel it has not place being in a classroom because humans can already read emotion, its unneccessary, better alternatives to its use. the use of this face coding technology would not be helpful in a classroom setting beccause humans can already read emotions. in paragraph  the author notes that humans can read facial as well or even better than machines. so this means a teacher would have no problem reading a students face in order to make sure their not lost. it wouldnt be intelligent to use a machine to read human emotions when anyone can do the same. the use of facial coding systems in the classroom wouldnt be needed as their most likely uneccessary. the cost of one of these sytems would not be cheap, both students and teachers would be better off communicating. so whenever s student is confused they may ask a question or the teacher could ask the class if they understand. as in paragraph  the author states that facial expressions are universal, meaning there should be no confusion in understanding the students feelings toward the work. classrooms may not be in need of the facial coding systems but other professions could use its help. having established how redundant and uneccessary this sytem would be in a classroom system doesnt mean humans make them useless. animators or special effect designers would greatly benefit from this technology as their audiance appreciates the amount of detail and emotion that can be put into a character that may not even be human.they would also be able to more easily acheive the desired emotion by how accurate the system is by using  muscles in the face. facial action coding systems technology is a very good technological advancement able to accuralty read a pserons emotions. although this a great new technology it doesnt belong in a classroom because the majority of people have no problems reading others emotions, and if there is any confussion communication can clear things up better rather than just a face scan. it can be used more effectivly in an animation or special effects proffession in order to get a desired expression with great precision.