the author supports his ideas well in the challenge of exploring venus. the author supports his ideas in many ways that make going to venus seem not impossible, only difficult. their claim that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is supported by many logical reasons. the author supports his idea that venus is a worthy pursuit by giving backround on the planet, saying why it is not impossible, and because overcoming the challenge would bring knowledge and more exploration. first, the author makes venus travel worthy by talking about the background of the planet. in paragraph  they make the planet seem worthwhile to explore, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closest in distance too. just because venus is similar to earth why does that make it enticing to explore? since venus is similar to earth it means that we can learn many things from the planet and maybe make it inhabitable some day. additionally, the text makes venus seem worthy of pursuit despite the dangers by talking about how simple it would be to overcome the dangers that the hostile planet holds. the author provides an example from nasa that eradicates the danger of the planet in paragraph  when they say,  imagine a blimplike vehile hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. with this vehicle studying venus would no longer be dangerous and it becomes more possible to explore our twin than impossible. moreover, being able to study venus would not only bring knowledge about the planet, but would also lead to more expeditions. in paragraph  the author describes the benefits of studying venus when they say, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the author is saying that knowledge is not the only thing that is gained from going to venus, but we will also be able to study much more. being able to explore venus means that we can study other environments that are dangerous for humans like the deep ocean or other hostile planets. overall, the author makes the pursuit of venus enticing in many brilliant ways. they talk about what makes venus more important to study than other planets. the author eliminates the danger presented when studying the dangerous planet. exploring venus is said to provide benefits that could help future generations with their studies. despite the dangers venus is a planet that is worth studying.