venus is the second planet closet to the sun. in the article, the challenge of exploring venus, the author gives a brief description about the planet venus and why scientists are so fascinated to actually explore the planet. the author explains, it is the closest distance, more earthlike than any other planet, and producing a safer way to explore venus closer to back up his statement that it is a worthy pursuit. first, the author describes that venus is closer to earth, despite mars. the author suggest that it would be easier to travel a shorter distance and they can find out a lot more about venus. the author states, because venus is sometimes right around the cornerin space terms humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. in other words, scientist can easily send there technology to venus, since venus is earths neighbor and can find information very quickly. a second example from the article, states that even though venus and earth are neighbors, venus is a challenging planet to study. venus is the closest planet to earth and prove that exploring venus is a worthy pursuit, however venus is known as earth twin which boost scientists curiousity. second, venus is more like earth than any other planet in the solar system. scientist suggest than venus shows some identical characteristic with earth based off there information. the author states, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have suppoted various forms of life, just like earth. in other words, scientist and astronomers believe that venus is more suitable for humans to explore based off the common characteristcs it shares with earth. a second example in the article, says that venus has mountians and rocky surfaces that resemble the ones on earth. scientist have found common characteristcs with earth and reasonable ways to explore venus, however actually appraoching venus will provide a lot a safey due to its condition. finally, nasa has ideas to send humans to land on venus safely and return safely. nasa provided solutions to maintian on venus through hostile conditions, such as the temperture. the author states, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. in other words, they could provide a vehicle like spaceship could protect explores from venuss atomsphere. a second example says that staying high up while in venus, could avoid danger on the ground or surface. nasa has boosted up the possibly rate to safely explore venus, which only leaves astronomers and scientists determined. due to the dsitance, common characterists, and safe conditions, this shows why studying venus is a worthy pursuit. you can conclude that this only leaves scientist hungry and determine to explore another planet. these ideas prove that it is possible to explore, despite its dangers.