making mona lisa smile everybody wakes up with different emotions everyday , those emotions that we have gives us an idea on what type of day were going to have , so we give off a look that tells somebody if were happy , sad , or angry . face expressions tells another perosn how you are feeling today , so they know how to come to us to have decent conversation . in this essay i am going to explain how face expresion is important and talk about how computers can read students emotional expressions . imagine being in the computer lab when all of sudden you log on to do your research in the computer can recoqnize your emotions by using the camera to look at yor face . and by scaning your face the computer can tell that your not having a good day or , having a bad , or just maybe can be sad . will that make you feel awkward ? , do you want your compurter knowing how you feel everyday you log on ? , well i am going to tell you my opinion , in the artical  making moan lisa smile  they specififcally talk about how computers can read your emeotions , by scaning your face expressions i ceratinly feel like that is its great idea because , it would make me feel better if im havinga bad day , that the computer can read my expressions. i mean would if a fellow student doesnt have any friends to talk to if there havin a bad day , well the computer can identify there emotions and give off and alert to the teacher who can talk to that student , that will help alot in school . in the artical  making mona lisa smile  is stated that , the facial expressions for each emotion are universal , so that gives us an idea on that the problem is universal . it also stated that  we human perform this same impressive calculations everyday , you can probably tell how a friend is feeling  . that tells us that if we humans have the same expressions everyday it would be easy if a computer can do the same ,because were feeling the same as yesterday and we can easily recoqnize how a friend is feeling . tecnology can be easily read how a students emotions are . it also stated that  the mona lisa demostraion is really intended to bring a smile to your face , while its shows just how much a computer can do . i know reading all this makes you feel a little awkward because who would come up with an idea if computers can read students emotions , i mean should a computer really care ? , to answer yes because just as a teacher they should care how your feeling because they can make you feel better , give you a little talk for the day . if your feeling sad , or if your just to happy for the day , they can calm you down . but if a teacher doesnt know then to help that a computer can give off an alert to the teacher to tell how your feeling , your emotions .