hoverboards, robots and driverless cars? this is technology we have invented in the new age. we are gifted with the presence of new technology every year and somehow we seem to abuse it or take it for granted. which is why i believe we should not have driverless cars. we should not have these driverless cars because technology malfunctions all the time and because this technology can be abused. lets journey into an idea that should remain in a mad scientists lab. we should not have driverless cars because technology malfunctions all the time in present day society. paragraph  of the text talks about lidar, a program that keeps the car updated of its d surroundings. being a driverless car, what if lidar stops working? does the car sop working altogether? or does this machine simply keep going with its routine? this puts the driver in danger, the pedestrians in harm, and in all cases the other drivers on the road. this is a common technological malfunction that can happen to any driverless car anywhere in the world. the text in paragraph  also touches on the same subject of the technology failures. as the text says,  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver of the manufacturer? this piece of evidence illustrates why a driverless car is dangerous. a simple technological malfunction can happen and it can put the customer at risk, and even the company. lastly, a driverless car should not be developed because this piece of technology can be abused. we see crimes around the world daily, monthly, and even yearly. we aslo see that these crimes are getting worse and worse over the time period. if we implement a driverless cars, who knows what limits and boundaries these crimes will break. these cars can be used for anything driveby shootings, hit and runs, and even kidnapping. who is the car to say what is morally right and wrong? the car does not know and it may not ever know, which is why it needs to not be developed. in conclusion, driverless cars do not need to be developed in the world. driverless cars put people at risks with technology malfunctions and can tarnish a companys name with multiple lawsuits against it. driverless cars also can be abused for multiple things. society has made many technological advances, but this is one that needs to remain untouched. maybe this is better for the sake of a companys fortune, or maybe its better for the people of the world.