have you ever wanted to drive a car but never do anything? well now a days they have cars like that and im here to tell you that it is a great idea to buy or use one. one good reason is for old people who may have bad vision or are sick. another good reason is because some people may be injured to where they cant drive. another good reason is because you really dont have to learn to drive, but you will still need to learn the rules of the rode. for all you people ages  and up who may have bad vison, sick, or mabye just to old to drive you wont have to worry if you have a car that drives itself. if you want to go to see your grandkids instead of them always coming over your house you can go over there without making it hard on your back or eyes. what if you want to go to the store to get some food? what about when you want to just hang out with your friends or family to spend time together just because. i would most definetly take this car into consideration. for people who are injured you wont have to use that injured arm or leg, you just sit back and relax as the car takes you to wherever you want to go. if you need to go to p.t you wont have to worry about over working your injury while getting there, you just think about what you are gong to do. or when you need to go to work, you wont have to worry about making yourself more sore after you  to . so this would be a great rent car for when you banged up. last reason is because you wont have to learn to drive because all you are doing is basically taking a cab. you wont have to worry about how fast your going, you wont have to worry about getting pulled over, you dont have to worry about if you are going the right way because all you have to do it put in where you want to go and it will takes you there. yeah you might want to know the rules of the rode just because you might have something go wrong with the car, but the point is all you have to do is just sit back and relax. have you ever wanted to drive a car but not do anything? well i just gave you  great resons why you should. so i have you take my thoughts into consideration and i hope you go out and buy you one of the best cars invented.