for decades people have wonder what would it be like to have driverless cars. today some engineeers are inventing ways to make the driverless car more productive and less risky. engineers are trying to make the diverless cars that use less fuel than what todays cars use. they are also making the car more flexible. in my opinion driverless cars could be bad for our futrure generations. driverless car could be potentially bad because eventhough the car is driverless the car needs a person on the driver seat. what is the point of a driverless car if a person needs to be in the drivers seat in case of an emergency. diverless cars still alert drivers to take over the car when pulling out or into a driveway. the driverless cars also needs assistant when their is traffic issues and roadwork. driverless cars are not totally driverless. the second reason that driverless cars are bad is because they need a sensing detector. this could be bad because if the sensing detector doesnt work it could cause some serious effects. the serious effects that could cause is if the sensor doesnt work the person could get into a crash, getting killed, and or killing a person. to use sensoring detector in a car requires huge amounts of money. the driverless cars need massive upgrades to existing roads. the third reason that driverless cars are bad is because if people get into a accidents whos fault is it. the fault could be the drivers because he might not been putting many attention to the driverless car. the fault can be the driverless car for not alerting the driver. their is nobody to blame for it. in conclusion driverlesss cars are bad for now or potentially for future generations. the reason is because engineers have so much things to improve on the driverless cars. this car could cause a major distruction if not made right by the engineers. the engineers of these cars also need to work on getting the car to drive more by itself and not needing a human to drive it. i hope that the driverless car can improve for the future genration and be more safer.