humans are challenging to study about venus. venus is an planet which is very close to the earth. sometimes, venus is the closest to the earth and other time to mars that is caused by the right around the corner. before, we have tried to send numerous spacecraft but didnt survive the landing for more than a few hours. therefore, any single spaceship has never touched on venus in more than three decades. however, why do we still challenge to the the planet venus and why is it a challenge? as a first reason, venus has similar points to the earth. there is a possibility that long time ago, oceans had been covering the surface of venus, and had life like the earth. on venus, there are also mountains, valleys, crater as like the earth. what more, venus is an option of a planetary visit. air pressure at about thirty miles from venus would be close to that of sea level on earth which contains that not perfecrt condition, but survivable for humans. for a second reason, it is not easy to reach to the venus. there are not only alike things to each other for earth and venus. for example, the temperatures are totally different. temperatures on the venuss surface, it is over  for average. as the article says, the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planetpar. , there is a huge difference between the atmospheric pressure of earthss and venuss. at venus, you will be having high solar power which is plentiful, and radiation is not similar to the earth. as third reason, we havent even take the samples of the venus. researchers havent collect any samples of rock, gas, or anything else from venus that could be our challenge. if we could take their samples from there, the research would be easier and helpful. in fact, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venuspar.. they are using an old technology which is very powerful, flexible, and quick. nasa thinks that those computers will be useful for studying venus. as a conclusion, there are some advantages that human challenge for the other planets. as we are studying other planets, venus is a good planet for a future of us caused by many reasons. yet, we are still on our way to know about the venus, human need to keep looking for the importance of challenge to the venus.