driverless cars will soon come into the human race and take over the driving so that all the human will have to do is be ready in case there is a miss moulfuction. the world is getting lazier and lazier as the driverless cars get popular in some states, however, in other states the driverless car is illegal to have and test drive the driverless cars. driverless cars would be great to have but what would power them. would they be solar powered or battrie powered, if the were solar powered and you needed to got do something and it was a cloudy day with no sun? when the driverless cars come into the human world are they going to be a big hit or are they going to be a flop? if human dont have to driver unless they have to it will give people more tme to do work if they need to. if some one worked for a big newspaper it would give them just a little bit more time to get a story done compared to when they had to drive to work. if some one needed to be to a certin place in a rush would the driverless car be fast enough to get them there? could the driverless cars be wifi capatable, however, that would put the price of the driverless car at an even higher price. driverless cars are driven by a binary code, what is the probability of some one hacking into the control system and cause the car to do what they want it to do and not what the driver wants to do. the driverless cars have the antilock breaks so that could be a plus if it hit a slick spot in a major snow event. will the driverless cars be two wheel or four wheel drive, if they are four wheel drive the driver could go almost anywhere. driverless cars could help in wars becuase the commander could lead his troops in to battle and what if the tanks where driverless then it would give the fighter in side more oppertounity to fight out side the tank insted of in side of it. drivers around the world would probobley enjoy a little more freedom in the world of driveing. the police force would not have to worry about drunk driveing and texting wile driveing.