since some many years, scientists around the world are trying to expand their exploration projects. after the u.s. could send a man to the space and be able to walk in the moon, it made other scientists to be facinated with this types of explorations and look for planets to explore. one of those planets is venus, a planet that according to the author of the challenges of exploring venus, is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it represents. he supports this idea by giving the way that scientists see venus comparing to us, coditions that are familiar to the earth ones, and projects that can help humanity to be able to explore venus. at the begining of the article, the author gave a way of how scientists see venus to support his idea that venus is a worthy pursuit. in paragraph , the authore says often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, ad occasionally to the closest in distance too. this evidence shows that most of the scientists that are related to the space exploration, think that venus is the earths twin because of its shape. this clue shows that venus has important similarities with our planet that cna hel venus to support human life. later on, the author gave examples of the natural conditions that are equal to the earth ones. in paragraph , the author says today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. by showing this, the author explains that venus has some factors that are the same ones that the earth has. all of them are natural so it has a connection to where we are able to explore, and how its conditions can support human explorations. lastly, the author gave more examples of projects that can help us to survive in venus environment. in paragraph , the author says many researches are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long nough to contribute meaningfully to our knoledge of venus. in this part, the author shows that many scientists are tryng to find a way to get more information about venus conditions, by doing this, they can be one hundred percent sure that venus is like earths sister. in conlusion, the author supports his idea that venus is a worthy pursuit depite the dangers that it represents by giving a lot of facts and examples of what the scientists and researches have found at this time. he made a great article by giving evidence and supporting them with facts.