is the face on mars a mesa or is it made by alien life? well, the answer to that worldwide question is that it is a mesa. in other words, a natural landform that has been there or been made over time by the planets rotation. i strongly believe that the face on planet mars is just a natural landform, because we have almost like it on earth, there are no signs of alien life in the pictures or scientific research, and the pictures taken, show that there are shadows that create a facial look in the natural landform. first off, we have a natural landform located in the snake river plain of idaho. the one on mars is almost equivalent to the one here on our planet. in paragraph , it states,  thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. this is plainly saying that the one on planet mars could just be a lava dome of some sort just like the one here on earth. also, there are no signs of alien life through the pictures taken from the cameras. how could this alien life we talk about create this face, when there is no evidence of this alien life? the pictures were taken mutiple times in different years to make sure of this. they had people questioning, so they did further research. for example in paragraph number eight, ...peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by daze. the skeptics that wanted the benifits of actually finding alien life wanted actual proof that it is merily only a mesa. they ende up being proved that it is only a mesa. to also say, the photographs that were studied have been intereprted. they have been interepreted to the point that they can pinpoint certain material. they proved that by when they said that is merily shadows that the mesa has, from depth, that create the face like look. for example in paragraph number three, it states the captain noted a huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the images were showing that there were some dips in this mesa that created it to look as if it were an actual face. there are people who say, just because the cameras say that there is no life on mars, doesnt mean that there is no life. to prove that wrong, it states in paragraph number , as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. also later on in the paragraph, ...if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptian pyramids... you could see what they were. meaning if there was any d image, it would have been picked up and been able to ananlyze. the face is obviously a natural landform that has been there from the beginnging. also, people used to say and still say  look at the man on the moon. there is no man on the moon, there is a mesa that was shaped that looks like a face. the face n mars is just another incident of what happend with the moon. in conclusion, the face on mars is just a natural landform like the one here on earth and the one that appears on the face of the moon. i strongly hold my belief that the face on planet mars is just a natural landform because there is almost an exact replica here on earth, there are no sientific signs of life, and the pictures that were taken, that have been analized, show that shadows create the face. will there one day be life somewhere else besides earth. i will never know, but as of right now and the scientific records that are based on this essay, this face that people say might be made by aliens is not logical. this face on mars is a mesa. once you can find scientific data that proves there is life on earth, than everything said for years ca be proven wrong. but as of right now, no.