everyone shows emotion at some point in their lives. whether it be joy, sorrow, or even anger everyone has expressed their emotions in one way or another. now there is a computer software that can recognize six emotions. reading the emotional expressions of students in a classroom using this technology is valuable because it could tell the instructor when a student is confused, it could modify the lesson, and it could help people feel more empathy for each other. students can become confused very quickly when an instructor is teaching about something. this computer software could stop this from happening and overall help students have a better experience at school when trying to learn. in paragraph six dr. huang talks about how this could revolutionize a classroom, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this would overall help a teacher know when someone is confused so they can help them after class or talk to them more indepth about the lesson. this invention could hep out many of students that find lessons to be very hard and dont know how to do whatever the instructor is teaching. this software could also modify the lesson that an instructor is teaching so that it is easier for a student to grasp. many teachers present day dont necessarily care if the students are learning what they are teaching, but just the fact that they are teaching it gives them a clear concious. this computer program could give the teachers an alert saying that someone isnt getting the lesson because they are confused with a certain topic that the teacher talked about during the class. they could then modify their lesson so that it is easier for everyone to learn. an example of evidence from the text of this is when dr. huang talks about how using this technology teachers could modify their lesson so that it would be easier for their students to learn, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this helps point to the fact that it could help everyday teachers know when their students arent completely grasping the lesson that they are teaching. this technology could also help people have more empathy for each other. people present day are always talking about how nobody has any empathy for each other. this software could fix this especially in the classroom. a student would know when their fellow student would be sad and they would be able to talk to them and help them overcome the sadness. another reason empathy may happen would because we unconciously imitate other peoples facial expressions. here is a quote from this article where the author, nick dalto is talking about how this technology could cause empathy, empathy may happen because we unconciously imitate another persons facial expressions. this would help people show more empathy for each other. overall this would be a great addition to the classroom. having this software in a classroom setting would stop students from becoming confused from a lesson, help modify the lesson so that an instructor could make the lesson more understandable for students, and give people more empathy. these reason give evidence that having this computer software in a classroom would not only benefit the students but benefit the teachers as well by giving them that peace of mind that their students get the lesson that they are teaching.