has anyone ever noticed that face shaped rock in mars? well back in , some nasa vikings saw a rock in mars. they were all talking about it and wanted to know what it was. they told a few people and scientists. they came to a conclusion and made some guesses about what it was. some said it was an aliens face and some said it was a mans face. it is now , and the argument is currently still going on. now im going to tell you from my perspective whats going on now. so im a scientist, im currently in outerspace with other astronauts. we see what everyone is talking about. it does look like a face. from peoples opinion it looks like an alien made the face, a real person, and other exotic ideas. honestly from my opinion it looks like the natural planet. of course it looks like a face, but i dont think a man or an alien just came and stuck their face in the planet. like come on people, lets be real. it is now october , . today we go back up into space, we go back in  hours. right now im having a conversation with one of the astronauts, john, he thinks an alien made the face. this is what he asks me how could you not think that is an aliens face? my response because the face is no where near shaped like an aliens face. there probably is life on that planet, but their face isnt in the planet. his response oh come on, that is totally an aliens face. my response look at the the way the face looks, it doesnt look anything like an alien. his response  well if its not an alien then what do you think it is? my response i think that was just naturally formed there. his response how so? my responese look at the picture, it looks natural. also, you know all of those big wholes in the earth, they were naturally formed, no one just came an dug that big of a whole in the earth. if so, they would probabbly be stuck inside the whole. his response you might be right, but that still doesnt convince me that the face was naturally formed. then i said okay john, how did the aliens face get in the planet? the ground there looks awfully hard. so i dont think it would be possible for anyone or anything to make a face print in it. i dont know how, the alien does know. then i said exactly you dont know how it got there. the alien does, if he did it. all i can say for myself is that the alien didnt do it, nor a man. i believe that it was naturally formed. so ill let you think what you want to think. a few hours later, after him thinking about it, he came to the conclusion that maybe it was naturally formed.