using details from the article, write an essay arguing whether the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. yes, i do thing using this facial action coding system is valuble and it could help alot in classrooms and it is a new way of learning. the technology behind this is the computer uses a type of formula to see what muscles are being used more and see how much wieght is being used on every muscle. lets all be honest here! i know im not the only one who gets bored or off topic when im learning a new thing or two in class. or even in genral like if you wanted to learn something new just on your own and you watched videos and go through diffrent web sites to figure it out. but while your doing all an add pops up all of a suddon and it carries you away from what your doing. lets say if the lesson your trying to learn is in bright colors or in a game format and it really has your attention. would you then click on the add? im pretty sure you wouldnt. usally in class i even get bored with topic we are on and i may zone out at times and the reason is that the things we learn about arnt really eye opening topics. like i usally dont want to learn about them but if teacherscomputers mixed it up a little and made it fun then that would help me and alot of other students out way more.for example a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the computer may add some bright colors to the lesson or make it into a type of mystery game that makes you find out what your learning through the game. that would make it so much better to learn the lesson and us student would be more intrested in the lesson. this technology may not be for everyone.some people may be ok with the normal old boring way of learning and that may be the best way for them to learn new things. other people may think that there are workers watching what they do on the other side of the computer. such as the fbi becasue people have been reporting things like that and they may not trust this new process. honestly other that i think that this is a great idea and we should try this out sometime in the future. it will be a very helpfull piece of technology for the new ways people learn.