the author supports that going to venus is a worthy pursuit by giving information as to why it is important. he describes the importance of it for humanity and the future for humanity. the author says the importance of going to venus and the dangers that come with trying to get to it. imagination is one thing the authors says to support the idea of going to venus, as it is dangerous and even though it is dangerous people shouldnt let danger get in the way of their imagination and curiosity. the author states many things that contribute to his idea of not being afraid of danger. in the text it says, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this states and supports the idea that the author has as to why people should travel to venus. the author is saying to not let danger or doubt get in the way of imagination that we could accomplish impossible tasks as getting to venus. another reason the author explains is that information that could be gathered from venus. it could give knowledge as to why it is the way it is or many other types of information. much knowledge can be gathered from the planet. in the text it states, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but talso because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this staes that it is important to gain insight on the planet and as a way to lead us to as equally intimidating endeavors. the author states another reason as to why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers and the reason is that innovation in technology can be improved making technology that we dont have. innovating technology can help in the future. the text states,nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. the text also states,another project is looking back to an an old technology called mechanical technolgy. systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. this explains the reasoning for needing to go venus. there can be innovation in technolgy that can be improved to make it better than before. to not let danger or doubt get in the way of challenges being accomplished to not let the danger in the impossible stop humanity from extending into more things. this is why the author supports the idea of traveling to venus.