in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author explains why we have yet to travel to venus and supports with evidence why he thinks we should in the near future. the author supports this idea thoroughly in the presentation of the dangers that traveling to venus may present, and informing the reader of the advancements in technology and ideas that may allow humans to one day study venus from up close. thoughout the article, the author uses current technology and past human experiences with the planet to portray the difficulties space travellers may have researching the planet. in paragraph three the author explains the harsh environment on venus that causes spacecraft to malfunction and stop working. the author says, these conditions are much worse than anything humans encounter on earth, and that the atmospheric pressure, ...would crush even a submarine, and, liquefy many metals paragraph . these claims support the idea of the planet being challenging to observe with rovers and spacecraft and presents the idea of humans wishing to overcome challenges simply for curiositys sake. additionally, the author explains the progress humans are making in their pursuit of the planet through the creation metals and machinery capable of withstanding the harsh conditions of the hostile venus. the author presents the idea of a hovering craft on the planet that can escape the severity of the surface the author stating the conditions were not easy, ...but survivable for humans paragraph . the author justly displays this plan by also weighing the negatives. the author states that, ...peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the surface can only provide limited insight on the ground conditions... paragraph  the authros support of the argument through evidence from both sides shows an understanding of the full scope of the issue and allows the author to affect ones opinion more effectively. finally, the author claims that the value in reaching venus lies in the exploration of human curiosities and the opportunity to learn from an environment so close to home and so unwilling to allow humans to look in. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation paragraph . the author believes that the true reward in the exploration of venus lies in overcoming the challenges we will face along the way and through evidence and reasoning supports the idea that the journey is worth it. the author of this article supported the idea that the study of our hostile neighbor venus was worth the risks it presents. the article lays out the dangers and the potential ways of overcoming them, while also presenting the good and bad of the options. although opinionated, this article presents an idea that is based in sound logic and upon reasonable evidence. the author of this article did an excellent job in explaining and supporting the idea.