you hear it all, throughout breaking news to protesters trying to make a difference in our world. pollution is dangerous and people dont fully understand the costly effects to our everyday living. transportation is a way of means by transitioning from one place to another. the most popular way of transportation is the vehicle. a fast and easy way to get to your destination with just a turn of the key, or in this case nowadays, the click of a button. acres of land being towed to create bigger roads, or streets because of the vast majority of people using cars to get around. with each car means more gas or diesel, more gas equals more money, and more pollution. our atmosphere can only take so much from the faulty mistakes we choose to do everyday. places like paris and suburbs in germany are becoming more aware of how much cars can effect our earth. after days of near record pollution paris decided to enforce a partial driving ban to clear some of the air in the global city. the way they enforced this was motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home. the same would apply for the odd numbered license plates the following day. after this, smog and congestion decreased by  percent in the capital of france. other places like bogota, columbia is having car free day where millions of people would enjoy their day outside hiking, biking, and taking buses for work during the day. these decisions and actions cleared the streets in bogota and avoided jams, leaving the people to have a nice day enjoying the outdoors. carlos arturo says its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. this doesnt mean give up cars all in all. rather, limit the use of driving your car. americas love affair with vehicles seem to be dulling down. after , the number of miles driven started to decrease. part of the explanation to this lies in the recession, because tight budget americans couldnt afford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work. sociologists believe if these patterns of decreasing numbers of car owners and people driving that it will have beneficial outcomes for carbon emissions and the enviroment. on the opposing side this has a negative effect for the car industries. the positive effects will benifit future generations to come, with clean air to breathe and a fresh start. by limiting car usage there would be less traffic jams, more people getting in touch with their surroundings and even losing  to  pounds while theyre at it. transportation is a way of means by transitioning from one place to another, it doesnt always have to be a vehicle with so many other options you can choose from. make a difference in the world, one less car at a time.