the development, of driverless cars, is not a good idea. the driverless cars are nonreliable, lack safety, and are illegal in most states. driverless cars are not well reliable. paragraph  states, they can steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are not designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this example tells us that we can not fully rely on driverless cars to lead us safely. paragraph  also states, this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. from this example we can tell that driverless cars are not alert and road ready if we have to continously check and be alert of any mishap. driverless cars not only lack reliability but they also lack safety. paragraph  states, presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. this example tells us that driverless cars are less adequate than human drivers. paragraph  also states, still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. from this example we can tell that driverless cars can cause accidents and are not protective enough to depend on. driverless cars not only lack reliability and safety, but they are also not allowed in most states. paragraph  states, as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. this example tells us that you cant even practice or test drive driverless cars in some states. paragraph  also states, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer. from this example we can tell that if a driverless car causes an accident, no one knows who to blame for the effect. driverless cars should not be out on the road. they are nonreliable, lack safety, and arent legal in most states. all these issues contribute to why driverless cars should not be planned on or even invented.