driverless cars are a good thing to have at times because they have the technology to make a change for the future. smart cars have the capabiltiy to sense things that are coming when drivers have their focus on something else. the cars are amazing because they have the an opertunity to change driving in new ways. with time computerdriven cars will be better than they already are because with time new ideas will keep coming and they will be put to the test to see if they can make them better. they will make thier ideas for the cars better and keep testing new theories for them like in the article it says sensors are nothing new, of course. in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brackes. within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. driverless cars are getting better as the years go on and technology improves. google founder belives that  technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream. he belives this because before s nothing was improved enough to make things that we have today like technolgy has grown alot since then to be albe to understand the math that it takes to make sure these cars are going to be able to do the job they are programed to do. even though driverless cars are good they still have flaws that are not good like their technology can malfunction and that wouldnt be good for anybody in the car if they dont know what to do. in the article it stated that if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? with this being said it puts things into perspective that probably were but not thought as much until it was brought up. also they dont always know what to do in situations like if there are work zones or finding a way around an accident that had occured. one thing that is also put into thought was the money that these automakers and manufacturers are putting into these cars because they are not cheap to build. driverless cars are something that will be in the future becuase of the technolgy for cars rapidly growing and manufacturers finding new things all the time. in the article it says that  the road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to teh destination every day. as time is being put into this more ideas are poping up and more adjustments are being made to make these cars better than the last.