the challenge of exploring venus, is an article about trying to explore venus and the obstacles that need to be overcome. it starts first by telling the reader some information about venus, such as that venus is similar to earth in density and size paragraph . then goes on to say a few challenges like the earthquakes and temperature. however, i dont think the author supports the idea of studying venus though it is dangerous. first, the author doesnt give any information on what we could get out of studying venus. in paragraph  in the last sentence the article speaks as if it will later talk of the productiveness of the mission, however the author says in paragraph ,striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidation endeavors. the quote doesnt say any physical reward that could help anybody. knowledge is pointless if it cannot be used, which the knowledge from or of venus is pointless becuase it cant be used. the author also speaks of the challenges but doesnt solve them well. firstly, the challenges they spoke of include a mostly carbon dioxide atmosphere, sulfuric acid in the atmosphere, an  degree surface, atmospheric pressure is  times stronger than earths the author says its enough to crush a submarine., liquefy many metals, erupting volcanoes, earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. the first solution the author speaks of is from nasa and is a blimplike vehicle as he put it, and would be about  miles above the surface to escape the ground conditions. the issue is its still pretty hot at  degrees fahrenheit and still doesnt have access to new information due to light not being able to go through the atmosphere. the next solution was eletronics made from silicon carbide that have done well in similutions of venuss surface, however it has only been done with simple electronics, which they probably need bulkier electronics to be useful to gather information and send it from venuss surface. then the last idea of a solution was a mechanical computer, which is a machine doing the calculations through gears and levers paragraph . the proble with using the machine is since there is no electronics, how will they recieve information from it? due to the lack of quality of solutions and the little explanation of reward for studying venus the author doesnt support the idea that studying venus is worth it though the dangers. the only reward being the gaining of knowledge is pointless if we cant apply that knowledge, and conditions on earth are definetly not as bad as venus. lastly, the solutions dont work well enough to be useful. such as the blimp, its useless to get close and not gather any information from the planet. therefore, the author has little support that is beneficial in supporting the pursuit of studying venus.