how could a computer help improve a students time in class? the new facial action coding system developed by prof. thomas huang enables computers to transfer human facial expressions into emotions. this is a valuable technology system for teachers and students to help improve learning and teaching inside of a classroom. the new technology could greatly improve student learning inside the classroom. in the passage dr. huang predicts that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. such a technology could help teachers and students both. this would enable the teacher to slow down the lesson to help students catch up and learn or this could help teachers impliment new strategies to keep students focused and interested in learning. a teacher could possibly be able to tell if students are confused or bored but with this new system a teacher could be fully able to control the class and keep students attention. another way that the new facial action coding system could help is to see what students understand a topic and what students need extra help, one on one with a teacher. this would help improve a students time in class by making the student more efficient and also could help teachers become more efficient with time. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. by having a computer in class a teacher could use the time with the students more effectively and this would translate into better homework and test grades from the students. in addition to just helping students with the class the system would allow teachers to see if a student is sad or upset and the teacher would be able to try to improve the students mood. a student who could be helped emotionally at school will value the new system and all of the capabilities of such system. in online classrooms where the students do all work on a computer, the computer could generate strageties for each individual student based on a students emotions and facial expressions. if you smile when a web ad apears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. this would allow a computer to give students a better opportunity to learn at the pace that suits that student on that particular day. this could also allow the instuctor of the class to institute different styles of lessons and more entertaining ways of learning the content of the class. all of the capabilites of the new facial action coding system are extremely valuable to not only students but also teachers. being able to learn better within the classroom will be greatly valued by students and also teachers. also a more direct learning experience with a better connection from teacher to student. finally, better strategies for teaching and learning could be developed with the new technology system. all of the possibilities are very valuable to students in a classroom. lets improve the education of students.