it is hard to imagaine a world with no cars, but would living in a world with none actualy benifit us? truth is cars are doing more damage then we think. automobiles have been with us since the late s and have become a very popular and efficient way to travel, but could having these peices of meatal harm us rather then benifit us? many people believe so, in some countries such as germany have banned the usage of automobiels. in vauban, germany residents have given up their cars to live there. vaban, german is a experimental new district on the outskirts of freiburg, near french and swiss borders. the streets of vauban or completely car free. in this city car ownership is allowed, but only for the coast of , along with buying the house that is a seperate payment. as a result of this coastly parking space nearly  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold their cars to move to here. many people that are not familarized with this way of living would probraly considered this type of lifestyle to be difficult and unefficient but infact ressidents have stated that they are much happier this way and stating when i had a car i was always tense. automobiels are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some highly car intensive ares in the uniteed states. aother countries such as paris have enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. the reasoing being for having a ban of cars is that the smog in paris became so overwhelming that they where said to be able to compete gaints bejin or china which are one of the most polluted cities in the world. bogota, colombia have also started a campagine in which they ban cars for one day and only allowing buses and taxies. the idea behinde this is to promote alternative transporation and reduce somg. this has been going on for three years stright and and has statred to become popular and has influenced cities such cali, and valledupar to join in on the event. this campaigne started in the mid s. the result of havingt his ar free day has made parks and sports centers bloom througthout the citiy, dysfunctional sidewalks have been replaced with smooth sidewalks, traffic has cut dramatically, and shopping districts have cropped up. countries such as germany, france, colombia are not the only ones that have noticed and taken action for the green house gas emisiions. president obama has gone on stating that since  number of miles driven evey year sine then have gone down. also the rates of car ownership per household and per person started to ome down two to three years before before the turndown. if these patterns persists many sociologit believe it will have a benificial ipmact for carbon emission and the enviornment.