many years ago, we invented the automobile. it was a huge breakthrough, that was heard around the world. many people never even dreamed of getting from place to place without some sort of muscle. but today, vehicles are a huge help to our daily lives, but could the emissions be damaging them. over the years car emissions have cause thick, gray, clouds to form over busy cities. this is called smog. many towns are reducing the amount of cars they let citizens use. in one case, vauban, germany, the streets are completely car free. the only place where vehicles are allowed is along the outskirts of the city. as much as  percent of vaubans failies do not own cars, according to elisabeth rosenthal. it was shown that passenger cars are the cause for up to  percent of greenhouse gases. many cities have reduced the amout of vehicles they allow to be frequent on their streets. in paris they had near records of pollution. they enforced a partial ban on driving to try and clear the air. if you were caught driving there was thirty one dollar fine you would have to pay. according to robert duffer almost  drivers were fined. many people did not like this idea of no vehicles. eventually the smog cleared and they took the ban off of oddnumbered plates on cars. as more and more communities are starting to rid of vehicles, pollutionn is starting to decrease. though many people are not fond of the idea, they began to except the fact that life is possible without cars. many communtities have made it easier for citizens to access the essentials they need to supports their families, such as grocery stores. in vauban stores are being placed on a main street instead of on a highway. some cities and communities are taking it to the next step in reducing pollution form automobiles. recent studies have shown that less and less cars are being bought. the answer to help reduce pollution may not be just getting rid of cars, nut maybe using more electric cars. some communities have taken this step of producing and using more environment safe vehicles. though cars are a help in getting from point a to point b, they are a burden on the environment in emitting fumes that pollute the air. as many communities and towns are starting to find other means of transportation, the vehicle era may become exstinct.