there mostly comes a time in the future when cars will be able to drive themselves. many companies, such as google, are getting more and more interested in these cars. there are many positive and negative thoughts about this. is this a good idea? should driverless car be allowed? are driverless cars something that will cause a postive influence? shoudl these cars be allowed to be driven? no, they have to many contraversal statements to be put on the roads safely. driverless cars are very contraversal. these driverless cars have many things that could go wrong. for example, they have driving functions that can go up to  mph but the driver must still control the car after that. in most streets, road ways and most definetly high ways, the speed limit is more than  mph. so the driverless car wouldnt be driverless since it can only control up to  mph. a driver must still take control of the car. that would bring up anothr contraversal apsect. would the driver in this car take anything seriously? the driver would thnk the car is driving so they would slack off and do other things while the car is in motion. this is not safe at all. they would be paying less attention to the road andmore attention to the other things. which could easily cause an accident since the driverless car isnt fully on its own. so thats another negative aspect towards a driverless car. is this even legal to have a driverless car? most drivng laws are made to keep the driver, passenger and pedestrians safe. mostly all lawmaksers know that is best achieved with alert drivers. so if trafic laws are written for cars with a driver, can a driverless car take the road and still agree to the terms of the law. no, the laws are written for alert drivers. the driverless car would have control. who would be responsible if one these driverless cars were to wreck? if the driver is stating the facts, they would say the company who made this car would be. while the company would say the driver is repsonsible. this would most likely result in a lawsuit and more complications to wether the car should even be allowed. it would cause more negatives aspects, implications adn problems towards the driverless cars then good aspects and statements. one might argue that the technology is advancing so cars shoudl also. which brings up another contraversal statemnet. if technology continues to advance, like it does ever day, these cars would never be fully ready to be driven. more and more things will keep being added to them, causing people to question wether or not its fully safe to drive on the roads. google has had cars that could almost drive safely since the year . they drove a decently long distance without a crash, but only in specific conditons. these cars can not be driven independently yet. they still alerted the driver when pulling over, parking in a driveway or when they had to deal with complicated traffic issues. one issue would be navigating through roadwork or accidents. some of the basic things are not fully operatable by the car yet. this causes the diver to still drive operate the driverless car. there are many assumptions that go with these driverless cars. there are many things that could go wrong with the driverless cars. many things are still being worked on so that they are safe. does the need work on it more and more as the years go on and technology approves? who would be truly repsonsible for any accidents or damages? will laws even allow the cars to even be driven? driverless cars should not be allowed. the driverless cars have to many negative aspects. these driverless cars have to many contraversal statements to be put on the roads safely.