in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the possible dangers it may present. traveling to new places of our world is something that can help better our overall konwledge of things and expand our thoughts. the most intriguing and beneficial tasks usually have the most downsides to them but that doesnt mean we should simply walk away from them. even though visiting and touching down on planet venus produces many dangers, it can still expand our imagination and innovation, complete something that has never been done before, and find better ways to travel there safely. touching down on the planet venus will most likely have several deadly dangers to it. on the planets surface, temperature averages over  degrees fahrenheit. that is notable to be over the limit of what a body can withstand even with the astronaut suit on. venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and frequent lightning strikes. these conditions arent like any type of bad weather that we have here on earth because they can much more easily take the life of people. visiting the unusual planet of venus does have many downsides within it, but that doesnt mean we should automatically stop trying to come up with ideas and conclusions and how to get there safely. our travels within earth and beyond it should not be stopped just because of a few flaws. visiting various new places can only help expand both our imagination and innovation. human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. us as humans should learn that we must take risks every once in awhile if we want to expand our knowledge on various important things. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, dspite its proximity to us. this reasoning should make us want to strive for more factual evidence on venus and pursue our understandings. learning more about the planet could possibly help make new advancements that would increase our overall knowledge. sending a spaceship to venus with living astronauts inside of it is something that has never been done before. astronauts should want to make a change to that record because it is good to participate in something thats new every once in awhile. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. it is scary to think about all of the possible threats this task has to offer since it is known that not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades but you also have to think about all of the good things that taking part in this mission may bring. it is okay for people to take risks and step out of their comfort zones because doing this will help our society strive as a whole. learning more about venus in general and the flaws it has will continue to better our information and help us create things that will get us on to the planet safely. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of the venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. this idea of blimplike travel will allow there to be a safe environment for the ones exploring because it would keep them up and away from the unsafe ground conditions. another approach that nasa has already made is simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this idea would possibly only be beneficial for a short period of time but it will still allow us to view a newer part of our world. once nasa and other teams start to gather up more information from the many trips they take, then it will be much easier to find a safer route to venus. despite all of the dangers that are presented by traveling to venus, our world would be more advanced in our understandings of some of our neighboring planets. going to new places and taking risks in our lives can potentially do great things for us like improve our techonological advancements, help us come up with better conclusions and all together just make record history. its not a bad thing to do something different for a change because you never know what incredible possibilities it may lead to.