cars should be able to drive themselves. that would help the risk of drunk drivers. it would would allow the pollution to go down since the car uses half of the fuel of todays taxis. also it could open more jobs around the car industry. so cars should be able to drive themselves for the safety of drunk drivers, lower pollution ratings, and to open more jobs to the people in the car industry. drunk drivers are really ruining peoples lives, or there own life. if google succeeds in creating this driverless vehicle than that could reduce the chance of drunk drivers getting in accidence tremendously. people would be able to get to there destination safer than they would normally. this could help the decrease of drunk drivers today in our traffic. the pollution in todays air isnt nearly as bad as what it can get in  years. cars are one of the main source of the pollution in the air now, and if we can lower that we should. since the driverless car would use half less the fuel, then thats less the pollution. people should take in consideration that the driverless car would help in great amounts with this problem. the driverless car will lower the pollution in our air. many people in our country are jobless. if the driverless car is created fully, who will tend to its needs. this allows knowledge to spread to mechanics. assistance with the car would need to mandetory. if its going to be a safe car then it needs to be a safe car from the axcel to the body work. people will gain the knowledge to help construct the car. jobs are important to people because they need to provide for families or themselves. with the driverless car people will be able to have a job and maintain it. the driverless car should be created. drunk drivers will be handled with. the pollution in the air would lower. it would also raise the jobs that would be needed to maintain safety on the car. so cars should be able to drive themselves for all of those reasons stated the safety of our people, the pollution in the air, and the jobs in the community, that all would be helped with the driverless car.