there is a new technology that can read your emotion feeling that is called the facial action coding system. now i have read an article about that technology and i kind of understand what that technology mean. i think that technology is good for the human becasue example when you have someone in your home that has mentel problems and that person cant talk maybe that person has some problems with taliking so you can use that technology to see how that person feel and what that person need from you. here is another example for the schools, pretent you are a teacher at a school and your school is using the facial action coding technology system in computer, let say your students is using that computer to do school works or maybe serching someting that you tell them to do if they toutch the computer you will know how they feel, are they bored?, are they sad?, do they have a problems with that? or do they want to do your work or not. it depends on how they feel you might change your mind sometimes if they are really in a sad satuations. there might be a lot of kids at school that they dont want to come to school sometimes because they have a problems with their bodies or a problems inside but they still have to come to school for some reason if we that . computer at school we can see how they feel we will know are they feel sad or not sometimes we should give them someday to become happier from sadder school should understand thses kids so everyone will have a happy life with that facial action coding system. they should have sell those computer out by right now because as soon as we have that system more people will become understand another people and they wont hurt to the other person as much as becfore because they will understand a person from inside so i believe they wont hurt each oher not as muvh as now. if that new technology come out people will become less faker than before because they cant hide the truth anymore we will find out if that person is lying or not. if that new txchnology the facial action coding come out there will be alot more happier in the world i believe that the world will become more visiable and we will understand eachother no matter what language we are speaking now we will become a really really big family with that technology. and the last thing is i wish that new technology facial action coding will come out soon.