cars have been used for a very long time now and are a revolutionary invention that completely changed the way humans lived, since it became easier to move from one place to another and increase the size of our cities and mobility in general. automobiles have alwayas been extremly useful and necesary to our society, however, it had too, some significant disadvantages that could have great impact on our lives. having this clear now we can point ouit tghe advantages of limiting the car usage no matter how hard or difficult it might be to the biggest cities or more developed societies. it is important to notice an experiment that was conducted in germany, the city of vauban was finished in  and it is an example of a carfree environment with a few exceptions such as the main street and borders, acording to elizabeth rosenthal in her article in german suburbs, life goes on without cars. in the passage it is explained how people gave up a certain lifesctyle to participate in this new progect and it proves how limiting the usage of car can create a very succesful and less stresful future.  of the population of this city do not own cars, one of them, heidrum walter said when i had a car i was aleays tense, im much happier this way, proving again how advantagous is this experiment. in the other had, there is frances capital paris, which banned driving due to smog. diesel fuel was blamed expressed robert duffer on his atricle, additionally refering to its use which makes up  of the vehicles in france. as a resulf of the fines and free public transpartation on business days the smog cleared enough so part of the ban was rescinded. another example of the advantages of reducing car usage is how its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution added carlos a. plaza, a colombian participating in the carfree day that takes place in bogota every year. this event motivates people not just in the colombian capital to ride bikes and be healthier but everyone around them, including adjacent southamerican countries. for instance, stadistics talk too, and it is possible that america getting over its obsession with cars, which is amazing news due to the fact that mobiles vehicles represent the second largest source of carbon emissions in america, as discused on the end of car culture by elizabeth rosenthal. all in all, limiting car usage  although a difficul decision for most residents of develeped firstworls countries  might just be one of the greatest steps we could take towards helping our envirionment and forging a new society, shaping it a better way, building healthier kids that will excersice and ejoy more the outsides, and that will breathe cleaner, fresher air. we can improve our atmospheres condition refereing to greenhouse gasses and carbon emissions and in addition, lead out economy a different direction, maybe to a better, improved world and society that does not depend on mechanic vehicles.