the facial action coding system or facs is not useful or appropriate in the classroom. paragraph  describes that computers basically watch your face to see what ads to use and it could be used in the classroom to see what you understand however, it is not likely that a teacher would want for their lesson to be altered because that can create some problems. having a computer scanning your face  could also be viewed as kind of wrong and invasive. on the other hand, if people knew they were being watched, they could easily change the appearance of their emotion. people can be very convincing. lastly, technology is not  correct  of the time. things could always glitch and change things for the worse. some might view the concept of a computer scanning your face every time you are in front of its camera as minamally invasive. everyone has different facial expressions that show different things and it could mean the complete opposite of what the computer views it as. paragraoh  describes that a computer can scan your face to see if there is an ad that you dont like and show less ads like that one. not only does that have nothing to do with using it in a classroom, but no one likes ads in the first place and you have to pay to get them removed. also, some teachers like to try and read their student to get a feel of how their day is or see if theyre living their best life. while this is sometimes very sweet, sometimes people like to be left alone when theyre in a mood. this technology could literally increase the percentage of teachers being in peoples business. they already have that dyknow app that screen records all of our screen so they can see what were doing at all times, why would they need to know how were feeling as well? as an actress and show choir student i can safely say that we, in the performing arts community, can definitely put on a faccade. others may not be in either of those activities however, people can still be very convincing. personally, if i knew i was being watched id probably fake some of my emotions. people on shows like greys anatomy and law and order are paid to put on a fake face. their job is to literally be fake for a camera. there are episodes of those shows where people are crying and they look very pained. chances are, they are not really feeling those emotions. arizona robins may have cheated on callie torres but jessica capshaw didnt cheat on sara ramirez. thats fake emotion. they might not be it their character is so they have to play that part and be convincing or they dont get the part. in show choir there are songs where we have to be angry and then suddenly happy and then concerned all in a matter of sixteen counts and if we can to that then we can change how we portray our emotions when we are being watched by a camera. there are so many different applications and softwares tha are in the world now and no matter how advanced the technology may be, it is never always perfectly running. even the latest technology glitches from time to time. technology is constantly updating and changing due to bugs in the software. technology like this could ruin something completely. everyone has a focus face that they put on when theyre reading something or solving an equation. lets say someones focus face looks a little bit angry. just because their face looks angry does not mean that they dont like the question or dont like how its taught or explained, it just means that theyre focused on what theyre doing. if the software misreads a facial expression and changes whats on the screen it could completely mess up what the student is doing. or if the student does need the way of teaching adjusted and it does change. it could cause problems with the teacher because some teachers want things done a very specific way. if something happes with the software and it could inconvenience the student in many ways. in conclusion, facial action coding system should not be put in classrooms. its not completely useless, but it its not very useful either. people dont need their face read to see how they feel about an ad or about a teaching style, thats why surveys were invented. if someone wanted people to know hwo they felt every time they turned on a computer, theyd start a blog. there are really bad actors on this planet but there are a lot of liars and pretenders. if a lot of people knew they were being recorded and faked a smile because they think that their privacy is at stake, it would completely defeat the purpose of the system and it would all be for not. technology is also very expensive these days and this type of thing can easily be hacked or it could glitch and once again, defeat the purpose of the system.