venus is the brightest planet seen from earth, the second planet from the sun, and one of the most dangerous planets for space scientists to explore. at just around  degrees fahrenheit the planet is rich with carbon dioxide, corrosive fulfuric acid clouds, and atmospheric pressure . these conditions alone should be solid reasons as to why the planet should not be touched, but despite this scientists continue to look towards it for research. some of the supporting reasons as to why venus should be explored are actually quite intriguing and can provide good support for reasoning exploration. although the conditions of the planet can be horrednous the fact that the planet gives us earth like pasts to study, vehicles are being made in order to combat the hazzardous areas, and technologies are making studying more possible, the planet may be worth investigating after all. the fact that venus was once like earth is just one good reason as to why the planet is worth being studied. even scientists believe that the planet was previously embodied with oceans that could have supported various forms of life . these long lost oceans are not the only earth like feature that this planet has according to paragraph four venus has valleys, mountains, and craters that also match earths description . these features of the planet are fascinating and can help scientists uncover more of venus past which makes it a great planet to examine. venus has many earth like features worth studying but the different ways in which venus can be visited is also a great reason to continue the research being done on the planet. nasa has been studying the use of vehicles that may be used to study the planet in the near future. they describe it as a blimplike vehicle that hovers over the surface for about  or so miles . this mechanism allows the blimp to stay out of reach from the horrendous temperatures and atmosphere of venus. it also gives the blimp a way to maintain a sufficient amount of solar power . this blimp is one of many great upcoming studies on what kinds of options we have for reaching such a dangerous planet. futuristic vehicles are not the only positive part of upcoming venus exploration, for technology in itself is continuing to evolve and provide ways to research the planet. for example, in paragraph , it shows how one electronic made out of silicon carbide was able to last three weeks under a simulation of venus harsh planet conditions. another type of technology mentioned in paragraph  is from the past they are called mechanical computers. these machines are more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces, which is exactly what type of climate venus harnesses. both of these types of technologies provide a great way to look at examining venus and why the pursuit of the planet is, and can be, worth it. even though venus may be a dangerous planet to explore, its earth like terrain, specially designed vehicles made to withstand harsh conditions, and advancing technology made for research are some of the main reasons why the planet is worth studying. in the future technology may be able to resist harsh conditions and vehicles may be able to reach closer to the surface without being damaged. the terrain may even be looked at more closely to uncover some of the secrets of venus past. before all of these changes can be made they must be looked at, judged, and accepted as reasons to overlook the dangers of the planet and to expand on our knowledge with the exploration of planets.