new technology is being made every single day. wheteher its by computers, or making new video game consoles. technology is always advancing and will continue to advance as the years go on. one new software in particular that has people questioning whether or not it is something made for good use is the ability to tell someones emotions from a computer screen. some people might say that it is a good thing to have this type of software. others might think that it is a waste of time. is this new technology worth something for the human race, or is it something that can cause problems with the human society. i believe that this type of technology is valuable to students and everyday people to help better understand what someone is feeling. people are not always truthful with there feelings. they might say that they are feeling fine when in realality, they are feeling something different. it could be that they feel unwanted in this world, upset, tired, angry, confused, and yes even they can feel happy. if someone asked you how you were feeling, would you tell them the truth? if you were feeling down and sad and you were sad because you feel like you are not getting any attention, would you tell someone how you are feeling? in todays world, theyre so many people who feel like if they told someone how they really feel, that it could possibly upset them for any reason. for some people they share there emotions almost to much. this new software to determine and see how you actually feel, could be the first step into someones mind. i say step into someones mind because we as a society do not know how everyone is feeling. with this new software, it begins with a d computer model of your face. it uses all  major mucles so it can move like an actual human beings face would. the movement of one or mores mucsles is called an action unit. from then on you can determine how one is feeling just by a simple computer analytic. this new software is so valuable to kids and teens espically because they do not always tell you how you they are feeling. they can be upset, depressed, and sad but at the same time, you would have no idea because they would tell you that they are fine. i believe that without this type of software being used, we could never figure out what goes on in someones mind when they are upet and alone. this software could potentially save someones life one day. if someone is suicidle, this machine could determine why they are depressed before they try and do somehting stupid. i believe that this software can change the face of this country. it could bring people closer together.