i think people should stop relying on their cars so much for three reasons. i hope this can change peoples minds about using the vehicles for everything. even going to the corner of their block just for a bite they use their cars. the opening reason why i think people should really limit their car usages is that it causes less pollution in the atmosphere. if drives dont give a limit to their uses of their cars we might end up having global warming. thats not gonna be great. for example before when cars were rarely seen we had no global warming problem, but now that cars are seen all over the places, global warming is near of arrival. the following reason why i think people should put a limit to their car usage is that it would benefit everyone because there will be less traffic. having no traffic at all is a common dream for many drivers that drive to work using the expressway every morning. unfortunely people have to be stuck in traffic everyday because they dont want to let go of their cars. they should experiment other ways to get to work or to even the corner of their block. they should try bike riding to their destations. thats double the benefit. they get to excercise their bodies and not damage the environment with deadly gases that can cause global warming. in the second source by robert duffer he states that congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. my next reason why i think drivers should limit their car usues is because they are basically killing themselves with fatal accidents almost everyday. theres a lot of causes for fatal accidents, one of them is texting and driving. thats the main cause of fatal car accidents. drunk driving is at close second. none the less, if people would just pay attention while they are driving there would be less car accidents, or even better they stop using their cars as often to avoid car accidents. even when knowone is distracted while driving there are still a few car accidents. most of the time thats just a regular accident with knowone losing their lives, but it happens many tims because the streets are so compacted with drivers eager to move. thats why i think people should stop relying on their cars so heavily. to decrease the death rate to a normal level. in conclusion, all these three reasons why i think people should limit the usage of their vehicles are the reasons why the world isnt at its normal levels of natural events in traffic. if citizens would rely less on their vehicles, we would see a change in the air we breathe and less chances of having global warming, less traffic in city streets, and less fatal car accidents with less people being killed.