the mona lisa painting is hard to tell what her emotions are ,but thats why theres science. they can figure out your emotions by looking at your muscles in your face or just by looking at how your eye brows are place or your mouth is placed. they have computers that can see faces off of paintings emotion. all they have to do is make a d model and make the same frown as mona lisa to tell what her emotions are. the students expressions are most likely to be happy and amazed because a computer can do all of this. the students must want to try this on their emotions to see if it works. the students must think the computer does everything , they want to know their emotions even though they know their emotions because they are thinking about it in their brain. just like the mona lisa painting they said that was her happy face because she has  percent happyness in her emotions. you can have more then one emotion in your face. they just have to see the muscles in your face and see how they are placed. it is a cool thing that they can do this so if someone cant talk they can check there emotion to see if their sad ,hurt , or happy. that is really a good thing also doctors can use this to use on a unhealthy person to see how there feeling because not everyone wants to let everyone know their emotion. they can do this on animals even they would have to do a d model of it. this must of took a lot of scietists to do this because they could get lots of money for this. science can do alot of things dealing with muscles and body movement. this knows how you are feeling because your movement in your body. the students must think that there is a other man using the technology to this ,but its the computer. they have to use the computer to get the d models out then the scientists use their brains to figure where the muscles go. the last thing is scientists may want to use this on children at school because it is a fun thing for the kids and it can give them more feed back on more emotions and how they look on students faces. that will help them out with maybe more emotions on certain people they can use it on more painting. they used it on the mona lisa becasue you cant tell her feeling because she has no movement and shes not smiling in her drawing. the students like this because it is a cool thing to look at and see its emotion because its its a drawing ,but with alot of details.