the auther of the text the challenge of exploring venus says that studying venus would be good for many reasons. he thinks it is a good and worthy pursuit and a good direction for people to focus on but a lot of scientis and astrologis dont think it is. the people who dissagree think that it is a bad to focus on because it is too hot and dense to even land on and they think it is impossable to put people on however, the auther thinks that a lot of this is possable its just not gonna be easy. venus is a planet close to earth that is also called the evening star it is one of the britest points of light in the night sky making it easy for many people to spot but people dont know what conditions are like on the evening star and they are not the best it can reach up to  degrees fahrenhite. the auther believs it is possable to study it but if they did it would not be easy they woud have to have the best technolagy and the best aircrafts it would be hard to find idems that could withstand that kind of tec but nasa also have talked about this expadition before. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus they do have electronics that have benn tested in chambers that have survived for up to three weeks in simulated conditions. the people at nasa even have tecnology from back in the s dating back to wwii that could help them with the venus study. the auther was right about it being possable and the technology is definatly coming togeather but their is still work to be done to make this possibility become a reality but that dosent change the fact that it is possable. the auther said it is a worthy pursuit and so dose nasa and with time the hard working people will make it happen beacause its not just the auther who wants this to happen. i think so many people want venus to be studied is becaus their is so much we dont know about it and i understand because after reading the article i am also curius about what mysteries and what it has to offer us. their is a lot of things to be learned aboult venus and it is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers and human curiosity will most likely be what leads us to studying this planet.