the great opportunities of seagoing cowboys he knew it was the opportunity of a lifetime. the seagoing cowboys program lets us help countries in need of food, animals, and much more. people should participate in the seagoing cowboys program because of the traveling, the experince, and the opportunity to help others in need. first of all, seagoing cowboys get to travel around the maginficent world. some might say that it is not worth it because they might get hurt, however,they travel overseas, letting them see the marvels of the oceans.we can also tour an excavated castle in crete and see all wonderful places at the panama canal on their way to pleading countries. in my opinion, joining has its benifets. you can awe at many beautiful places, and might be inspired. secondly, the experience would be wonderful. some will argue and say that you might not even have an experinece at all, but in my belief, anybody can have an experinece during your time at the program. we sail all over the gigantic world and help hundreds of pleading people. you can take a gondola ride in veinice, italy, and see the acropolis in greece, which was very special. i believe that the experience gives us a lifetime of memories after our journies. finally, being a seagoing cowboy gives us the opportunity to help people in need. some might say that you can get badly injured while trying to help others, but it is vital to say that it is more important helping people in need. it is the oppertunity of a lifeime. the cattle boat trips were unbeliveable opportunities for a small town boy.we get to help contries recover their food supplies, animals, and more. join the seagoing cowboys because we get to save hundreds of people, which leaves a good feeling in us for helping others. in conclusion, others should join the seagoing cowboys program because of the traveling, the experince, and the opportunity to save others in need. being a seagoing cowboy is much more than an adventure, it opened the world to us. if you want to help others, please consider joining the seagoing cowboys program.