in the article unmasking the face on mars a nasa air carft viking  discovered a landformation that looked like a face but scientists proved that its a mesa. shadows from marses clouds or from the atmoshpere couldve formed the human like shadow. theorists are saying that there is life on mars but dont have enough evidence from the article to prove so. nasa is wishing that there was evidence that there was life forms for the sake of their budget. these are some reasons that the conspiracy theorists are wrong. when the viking  took the photo of the mesa the maritian skies couldve been cloudy,or the vikings camera couldve been foggy. scientists have ruled out the idea that the picture couldve been formed by some type of life form on mars. some scientists have concluded that the are is just another mesa. which is common around cydonia,but only with unusal shadows to form the human face. these are the reasons that scientists have ruled the area being a mesa. here are some more better reasons that prove that the picture from the article is just a mesa. on april ,  michael malin took a better photo of the mesa and uploaded it to a jpl website. but not everyone was satisfied with just this picture, the therorists were stills skeptical about the photo since it was still a little blurry. nasas mission controller prepared to send another spacecraft to amrs for a better higher resolution photo. these are some better reaosn that scientists have ruled out that there is possible life form on mars. nasas misson contoller garvin explains better reason on why the area is just a mesa and not a alien artifact. the photo that was taken in  was during the martiain winter,a cloudy time of the year. the cmaera on board the spacecraft had to peer through whispy clouds. on april ,  mailns team captured another photo of the area on a cloudless day on mars. the camera that mallins team used was at its highest resolution so the picture couldnt be clearer. garvin says if there were objects in this picture like airplanes or egyptianstyle prymaids you would be able to see it!, garvins reasoning for this is because during  if you where looking at the photo from a computer you could zoom in three times more to get a better quality picture. in the article unmasking the face on mars there have been theorists that have concluded that there is alien life form on mars,but only from a simple picture that was taken in . over the years scientists have been sneding spacecrafts to prove these theorists wrong,which they have. in  sciencists sent a team under the leadership of michael mailn to take another photo of the mesa,once they captured the photo theorists still beleived that there was life form on mars. in  nasas misson controllers sent mailns team again to take another better photo during a cloud less day on mars. these are the reasons that the pictured caputed in the article is just a mesa not a alien artifact.