fellow citizens their are many advantage to limiting your car usage. with a wide range from not getting a ticket to helping the enviroment, and its a social trend, driving cars are now a thing of the past. in vauban, germany a community where only thirty percent of its entire population owns vehicals. the advantages for not owning a car are displayed in this upscale community by the ablity to walk, and ride a bicycles to stores, shops, and restaruants. the secret to this the innovative take on this community, is by not placing these all of stores, shops, and restaruants in some crowed mall, but accesible from a mere walking distant. also a great way to burn off calories and in time put an end to obesity. by reducing car usage smog and other pollutants in big cities can be drastically reduced. in paris congestion of smog was down sixty percent, the way they got people to stop using cars was by putting a fine driving your car for the day almost , drivers were fined thirty one dollars that day. another example of this is in bogota, colombia here most the millions of people were willing to give up car usage, a program that was started in the mid s called the day without cars with its goal is to promote an altenative transportation. as a result of this added  miles of bicycle track, parks, and sports center to this city. lower emissions of green house gases are also helping the enviroment with the help of day without cars program. people are slowly drifting away from their cars. the miles driven per person in the u.s. has dropped nearly nine percent since its original peak in . many things have been suggested to reduced the car usage in the u.s. the number of car ownership per household and per person has come down three years before the downturn of car usage that started in the . people in the u.s. are also more likely to retain a drivers license at an older age as to opposes to the younger age groups between toyearolds. in conclusion, the age of cars are slowly coming to an end. people are planing for the cleaner and healther future that lies ahead of us, where pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation are woven together into a connected network. the revolution is upond us.