dear state senator, im not in favor of keeping the electoral college. i wouldnt like to keep the electoral collage because under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president.we are used to voting for the president and along with that president we would also have the counting of electoral votes, its wrong. for example, if you lived in texas, and wanted to vote for john kerry, youd vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to kerry. who are the electors? they can be anyone not holding public office. who pick the electors in the first place? it depends on the state. sometimes state coventions, sometimes the state partys central committee, sometimes the presidential candidates themeselves. all i know that it isnt fair. all of are hard work voting shouldnt go towards them. it should go towards the person we are voting for. isnt thats why we voted for them? so we can see them suceed. making us feel like we suceeded because we made them feel welcome and worthy. can voters control whom their electors vote for? not always, and thats the problem. do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? sometimes. and thats why this needs to stop. at them most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend thime in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states. during the  campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including rhode island and south carolina, and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. if anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in ohio, they have yet to make it. in conclusion, its official the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. the best argument in faor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. and the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. bob dole is right abolish the electoral college! i hope you take sometime to think this over.  proper_name.