driveless cars are coming ? would you trust getting in a car where its guiding you and you little or no control ?i know i wouldnt i would be terrified the thought of me in a car moving with no control ,its crazy. everything in the world has mistakes or changes that need to be made .the driveless car could be good for months but one day just malifuniction and break down while your in the car . i would not see my self investing my time ,money,or think about getting in a driveless car. driving isnt nessicarly exercise ,but driveless cars will cause more obisity in american than there already is .since  google has been working on this driveless car . its  they may feel like its okay they are ready to be used and cause thousands of deaths . its a risk a billion dollar company can make because they are wealthy . dr. werner huber says we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way . driving shouldnt be fun .all your focus should on the road not trying to have fun when your life and others life is on the line. you shouldnt get entertainment at all while driving listening to music i understand .just the thought of having fun while driving  is obsurd . this year the car should be realesed .if it has a wrong turn in the project america or other countries will have shorter days than we already seek . we have enough causes of deaths already from cancer , to gun violence , to heart attacks  strokes. i just feel like the whole driveless thing is really out of proportion. we need to lower the numbers of deaths and higher the numbers of jobs and other serious things that are going to help the world today and not hurt it by bringing more pulition . the driveless car only goes  miles per hour .the speed limits change on every street or road way. people have road rage and might get upset because the driveless car is going to slow .road rage and drunk driving are the top two ways wrecks happen. some people may think since their in a driveless car it could be better, you still have to control things in the car from the turns to the brakes .i agree with banning the new invention like , california ,nevada and flordia .why create something when it could end more lives ?why put america at risk ,these companys dont think about these things because they know they have money and plans if anything drastic would go wrong . google has said their cars has went half of a million miles without a crash ,but you still have to help the driveless car operate .i feel like we shouldnt innovate what we already have in the world today .having and coming up with new invetions and recreating things are nice .somethings we just need to leave alone .their are already millions of wrecks each day .do you think driveless cars would help that number go down or cause more deaths ?