many americains are unable to drive, whether it be from disabilities or out of pure fear. americains could feel at ease with driverless cars though. driverless cars could provide a safe and efficent drive for everyday americains. driverless cars are safe, efficent, and even smart. safety is a key factor in a driverless cars hard drive. sensors, antibraking, and even driver assistance are all key safety functions in a driverless car. these help better protect the driver behind the wheel in case of emergency. driverless cars made by google have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. this shows that driverless cars are not only safe, but even efficent. although safety is huge concern, being efficent is a whole diffrent matter. driverless cars are efficent by allowing the driver to have full control of the vehicle and even making sure the drivers paying attention. these cars can be equipped with special touch senserss, which would allow the car to make sure the driver has ahold of the steering wheel. this makes sure that if the car is in need of driving assitance, the driver can safety comply. by allowing the driver full control, this makes the car efficent and smart. being efficent is one thing, but being smart is a whole diffrent ball game. these cars respond to their surrondings all the time. with the use of a tech called lidar, it uses lazer beams to form a constant d image of its surrondings. this helps the car better navigate on roads and in traffic. these cars are not completely driverless though. if their is roadwork ahead or a big amount of traffic, the car allows the driver to take control and maneuver the car out of the situation. special sensors in the steering wheel allows the car to know if the drivers hands are on the wheel. this makes the cars not only safe, but very smart. in the end, driverless cars should be in development because they are safe, efficent, and smart. these cars are capable of withstanding everyday traffic efficently and even safetly. cars like these could potentially help thousands of americains in their everyday life. these cars could revolutionize americain life for the better!