in my opinion, joining the seagoing cowboys is a fantastic opportunity. if you get the chance, i recommend that you sign up as soon as possible. i did, and my experience was amazing. let me explain why. one reason that you should join the seagoing cowboys is because you get to help countries in need. the seagoing cowboys are a part of the united nations relief and rehabilitation adminstration, and provide countries with cattle that the countries might not have because of war. you also get the opportunity to visit many gorgeous and fascinating places. on my trips, i got to visit europe, china, venice, and even the acropolis in greece, and many more locations. if you like to travel and see new areas, then becoming a part of the seagoing cowboys is an opportunity of a lifetime. even if youre not very into traveling, but you like working with animals, joing the seagoing cowboys is still a great idea. on the trips, you spend the majority of your time working with horses, young cows, and mules, which can be a wonderful opportunity for a fan of animals. but the trips arent all work. you can still fit in time for fun and pass time with a lot activities, such as baseball, volleyball, fencing, whittling, etc. even better, though, you can become more aware of people in other countries and their needs, which can make you more sympathetic and kind to people who are from different countries, especially countries that are poor and arent the best places for people to live. these are just a few of the reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys. as i stated before, the seagoing cowboys is a fantastic opportunity, and if you ever get the chance, you should join as soon as you can. you get to help out countries in need, visit many beautiful and unique places, and get more experience on working with animals. the trips are also quite fun, and there are many activites that you can do, especially after the animals have been unloaded. you can even learn about people in other countries and their struggles, which can prevent you from being ignorant, and that awareness can make you kinder. this is all why you should definitely consider participating in the seagoing cowboys.