i agree with this new technology that can read students emotional expressions. many students today especially high scholors are more emmune to depression. with this new technology being able to recognize students emotions can be useful. it should be used the same when students get their vision and hearing checked. every student in the school should be checked by the technology to read their emotional expressions. someone might be going though deep depression on the inside but seem to be fine on the outside to where they dont show their depression. my oldest sister was depressed but didnt show it, we could have lost her to suicide. i wouldnt want anyone else to go through what my family did if they can just get help by the new technology. this new technology is to tell the six basic emotions and which emotions the person is feeling more. sadness and being angry are the two emotions that should be focused on more. somone who cant express their emotions can take this test and end up getting help from others who can help this person in makinging them feel loved and cared for. it could also help in school when students are confused or bored with the lesson. this technology can read the students emotions and help the teachers help their student comprehend what is being taught. in the article it states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. having this at school could be very useful to students in many ways. reading this article made me think about my facial expressions and how advanced we are getting in technology. people today show their emotions by using facial expressions. in the article it states, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression. us human preform whats called calculation its when we can tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look are their face. this article making mona lisa smile, now made me have a different perspective on others and my emotional expressions. after reading this i do support the technology that can read students and other humans emotional expressions.