many people rely on their cars that they do not think about limiting car usage. however liming car usage can have a positive effect. less car usage can mean less pollution, more humjan interaction, and can save people money. maybe people should look into the idea of car usage limitations. when you go to a big city like paris, france or beijing, china you can look up and see the smog caused by pollution. pollution can be caused by things other than cars, like factories or paper mills, however car pollution is a big contributer. when car usage is limited for just one weekend the pollution and smog can decrease by incredible numbers. it may seem like pollution is here to stay, but just by half of the population reducing car usage we can make heavy smog a thing of the past. limited car usage can also cause more human interactions. people using public transportation or walking on the sidewalk can lead to people talking and making new friends. when waiting for the bus or subway you could start a conversation with someone new. that person could become you new bestfriend or your future husband. maybe they could just be someone you talk to on the way to work each morning. the samething can happen when walking on the sidewalk to your favorite cafe. you could accedently run into them and start a conversation. maybe you happen to like the same shows or restaurant. being in your own car alone can cut you off from the world, which is why car pooling can also be good. the four people in the car are all using one car instead of four different cars, so they talk more. this causes more human interactions with everyone in a car together. car pooling can not only cause human interaction, but can also save money. you do not use your car everyday meaning you do not use as much gas. gas is very expensive and not paying for it as often can save hundrends of dollars. each person that is carpooling can switch who does it when so that not one person is paying for all of the gas and driving all the time. this makes everyone save money, which can be spent at businesses making the econemy rise. limiting car usage may not seem like such a big deal with only little effect, but it can make a huge difference. limited car usage can cause less polution, more human interaction, and can save people money. this might make you rethink how much you use your car and if you should limit your usage.