many people think that the face might have been an aliens. i think that the face is a natural landform because scientists beleive that the eyes,nose and mouth were cause by shadows. some scientists believe that the face was an alien artifact. scientists have used better camera that could even show a small shacks. some say alien markings were hidden by haze. first, i think the face was caused by natural landforms because the eyes,nose, and mouth were caused shadows. a few days after the the picture, nasa unveilded the image and the caption noted huge rock formation, which resembles a human head, formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose and mouth. some scientists still disagree saying it could have been an aliens face. when looking at the picture, there is a shadow of the rock. if it was an alien, why havent scientist found any other alien like? second, the face was formed by a natural landform because when you look at the  picture it is more clear than  or . the clear version shows that it had no eyes,nose, or mouth. garvin said as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. scientists are able to see pictures closer than before. garvin also said so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on ground or egyptian style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! all the new technologies can get the actually picture more clearly unlike the picture from . then, scientists have better technoloy, they are able to go to mar with new machines. scientists can even go near the face with new spacecraft adn get a better picture. other scietists think that alien markings were hidden by haze. even if they were hidden, scientists would be able to find it by now. finally, the face was formed by natural landform because it was caused by shadows, and scientists have better technology. on , scientists used a camera which were better than the camera they used on . this is why the face was formed by natural landform.