there is a lot of technology being made to try to help human communication. computers can read the emotions on the face of a human. isnt that awesome !? this could help out with things that some humans dont want to say. like depression or worriness ect. however some people still say that this technology will not be useful. i toatally disagree ! think on the brighter side. with this new technology it could be a little easier on the students. it could help the teachers know what type of mood the student is in. this would probably help by the teachers showing empathy to the students. also this could stop conflicts with students. when two students are feeling angry you could remove them. i think this technology is very valuable. also having a computer that know how your feeling at the moment would be such a big help. if it knows your feeling sad it could post ads to try to cheer you up. if your feeling happy it could play music to go with your spirit. when you are feeling confused about something , it could ask do you need help ? also if you get bored with something it could make the next assignment different. evidence to support my claim that this technology is valuable is all through making mona lisa smile.  imagine a computer that knows when your happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. a classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored,dr. huang predicts. it could modify the lesson, like a effective human instructor. it also could be valuable by helping make computer animated faces more expressive.most human communicvation is nonverable, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang.so computers need to understand that, too. this technology called the facial action coding system reading the expression of studednts is very valuable. it helps with showing empathy,it helps understand some reasons behind things ect. this technoly is so valuable because it can help stop so many conlicts, failures and save students education. if this technology keeps evolving no wonder what theyll have in the future. maybe technoly that actually coversates with you with a real brain? only time will tell.