making mona lisa smile althrough author desrcibes how a new technology called the facial action coding sytem enables computers to indentify human emotions .using the articles ,arguing whether the use of this technology read the emotional expression of student in classroom. when looking at the new technolgy called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions .this technology is valuable for e the expressions emotion of a students classroom because ,this technology can calculate the emotion of a student .looking at the article it said,the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles .movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit then dr. huang relies on the work of psychologists ,such as dr. paul eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise ,anger ,disgust, fear,and sadnessand then associates each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. this technology help calulate each facial muscles that is showed. another reason why this technology is valuable to student and classroom because this technolgy can help with what the student is feeling for example,if you smile when a web ad appears on your sreen ,a similar ad might follow .but if you frown,the next as will be different.a classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bores ,dr. huang predicts .then it could modify the lesson ,like an effective human instructor the same technology can make computer animated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery.most himan communication is noverbal,including emotion communication,notes dr. huang.so computers need to understand that,too.that make this technology useful recongnizing a student behavior last this technology can help indentify the different between a genuine smile and a forced one such as a fake smile. in the article is said ,in the real smile , the zygomatic major ,which is the muscles that begin at your cheek bones is lift the corners of your mouth. also the muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabreaus make crowsfeet around your eyes .in a fake smile is saidbut in a false smile,the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a differnt muscle,the risorius .to an expert ,face dont lie these muscle clues are soemtimes used to spot when a smiling politican or celebrity isnt being truthful. which this technology is very valuble to see if a student is faking a smile. this technology is great for finding the student emotion and class .for example, help see if the student is bored of confused in class or even faking a smile.