many people are wondering why more researchers are concerned about rising carbon emissions around the globe. carbon emissions are gases that are released into the atmosphere by transportation and other types of industrial manufacturing. lately, there has been a change evolving in different areas as supported by each source, that is moving toward car free cities. however, most citizens are also wondering what are the advantages of limiting their car usage, and how will it effect the life around their community there have been ways of doing this as stated in these sources. in source  in german suburb, life goes on without cars , by elisabeth rosenthal, it explains how in vauban, germany, the residents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few... people have gone before they have given up their cars paragraph . the statistics show that as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here to limit car usage. as it seems economically and environmentally effiecient, people such as heidrum walter feel when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way paragraph . the people in this area have noticed that  all of their development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change, said by david goldberg, an official of transportation for america, a fastgrowing coalition of hundreds of groups in the united states... paragraph . comporable to source , source  paris bans driving due to smog , by robert duffer, states that after days of near record pollution, paris had enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city paragraph . people were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a  euro fine , paragraph , and almost , drivers were fined, according to reuters an international news agency headquartered in london paragraph . most believed that it was a rivalry between paris, france and beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world paragraph . because of the tremendous fog, delivery companies complained of lost revenue, while exceptions were made for plug in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying several passengers. also, public transit was free of charge from friday to monday, according to the bbc paragrpah . source  car free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota , by andrew selsky, states that in bogota, colombia a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombials hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car free day... paragraph . they participated in this special occasion consecutively for three years, banning cars, but allowing taxi cabs, and buses for the day without cars in the captial city this promoted other transportation methods, while reducing smog output. any people who violated this day were issued   fines paragraph . businessman carlos arturo plaza said, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, as he rode a two seat bicycle with his wife paragraph . this day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mid s paragraph . parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city... paragraph . source  the end of car culture , another article by elisabeth rosenthal, provides more information towards this evolving movement nationwide. not only is change occuring in the previous countries described, but the united states has started to be part of the change. ... goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions..., will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in american behavior... paragraph . numerous researchers are contemplating a fundamental question has america passed peak driving? paragraph . over the years the united states of america has gained notoriety for its broad expanses and suburban ideals, which has long been one of the worlds prime car cultures. over the years, there has been an assembly line in detroit, michigan during the s s and the model t gave americans the way to take a spin in mustang sally during the midnight hour, while listening to wilson pickett paragraph . overall, most countries including america, have seen changes in their economy. the number of miles driven in  dropped... and the unemployed werent going to work anyway, but by many measures the decrease in driving preceded the downturn and appears to be persisting now that recovery is under way paragraph . rosenthal states that there was a recession, and that the unemployed werent working, but regardless, the people that were working still couldnt dodge the recession, which ultimately impacted not only the automotive industry, but everything else. car companies like ford and mercedes rebranded their businesses around the world, as it is ford is an american car and mercedes is a german car paragraph . many sociologists believe it will it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind power plants paragraph . one thing that most of these people can agree on is that different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long term cultural shift... paragraph . all of this information can help lead citizens to new cures for shifting this change on the right universal pathway to preserving the atmosphere, ridding us of global warming and greenhouse gas effects.