some people say that the face on planet mars is just a natural landform is it really? maybe it is maybe it isnt. some people think that the face was an alien formation of some sort. mars, along with many other planets have strange things on their planet. whether its a crater, a wierd looking shape, or whatever it may be. it could just be that it was formed like that. have you ever been walking outside on a sidewalk or even found something shaped, or formed into something that you have seen before it may be a face carved into a rock, or something carved into cement. maybe that is what happened with the face on mars. in the text it says, although few scientists believed the face was an alien artiifcat, photographing cydonia became a priority for nasa when mars global surveyor mgs arrived at the red planet in sept. , eighteen longs years after the viking missions ended. in the beginning of the sentence it says that few scientists think that the face was an alien artifact. that might be true but it says that few scientists believe the face was alien. few isnt many. the text has something else that will amaze some of you, and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orginal viking photos. thousands of anxious web surfers, were waiting when the image first apperared on a jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. the text said it all. they have a picture to show that the face is just a natural landform that this planet has made. and it may just look happen to look like a face. as you read on in the excerpt it says, what the picture actually showws is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. the key word is landforms, landforms form all over earth why not on other planets as well? some people may still be conviced that it was an alien artificat that did all this. they may think in their minds that nothing can look that much like a face some things actually can. again if you go outside and say you find a rock that is shaped funny, then you pick it up and it looks like a face, unless someone did that on purpose, that was earths creation. after reading this article, and writing this, i still am convinced that the face on mars is a natural landform. it all makes sense the pictures, the explantation, the mesa, etc. but again some people may think otherwise that the face is a alien artifact.