cars have been helpful to citizens since before the s. they transport us wherever we need to go and allow us to get to our destination faster then walking. cars are more bad then helpful to human beings and nature in many ways. limiting car usuage is probably the smartest thing in helping everyone in the world and keeping our planet clean. instead of driving a car everyday which makes a big difference can also effect us to start walking once in while and effect our exercising. there are many advantages in limiting car usuage such as stopping air pollution, lowering gas prices, and worrying about our health. citizens will never stop driving cars even if the cars are flying in the sky, but it would be an amazing way to start  of people to start using cars for only needs. an advantage in limiting car usage is stopping air pollution. air pollution has been a big deal since all transportions such as cars,train, and airplanes were created. if us as citizens stop air pollution, it can drop a high number of people that have conjestion problems and stop smog from appearing. also, the change in temperature of cold nights and warm days will cause our cars to trap the emissions which is making it even worse. limiting car usuage to eliminate pollution we see everyday can cause a cleaner air that we breath and preventing alot of heart problems. also,pollution does not just affect us but animals too. by driving our cars daily,polluting the air can cause an animal to be extinct. gas prices are an important thing to a car. citizens pay weekly to add more gasoline to there car which is expensive. decreasing the amount of time we drive a car can give us twenty dollars back into our bank a week. gas is what causes air pollution to enter the air and cause us humans to have health problems. having a car really makes alot of things complicated and stressful with money,health, and our planet. also, taxes on gas causes us to be upset because we get our money taken away to keep our veihcles on the road to get where we need to go. limiting car usuage will help everyone have less problems. limiting ourselves to driving a car everyday will help everyone. if we started to walk more or have hybrids , that helps the planet and us rather then polluting and suffering under gas. biking is a healthy way of transportation because we are exercising and not wasting money on gas. we do not need to stop driving because it is necessary that we need veihcles to go places and take us to see other people as well but limiting ourselves to driving less then  days a week,  hours will help everyone. even completely not have having a car is a brilliant decision for people who do not depend on driving or spending money on gas. we would be alot more caring towards nature and having more advantages towards car usage.