with technology advancing you can drive your own car like how you see them in the movies. technology is advancing to the point of driverless cars and they will be seen more in the near future. though severl might think that having driverless cars can be dangerous, the technolgy advancing will make it to where you might not have to buy a car in the future. driverless will be safe to drive on the roads even without a driver. sensors on the car can keep you from danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. sensors are nothing new, but with the technology advancing since the s automakers can make a car that allows far better responce and control than a human driver. with futher improvments on computer hardware and sensors, automakers can design car that can handle more driving tasks on their own. the anitlock brake and driver assticance system has made its own way on helping the full invention of driverless cars. sebastian thrun, founder of the google car project, believes that with the technolgy progressing consumers can have a driverless cab take us wherever we would like to go. along with the sensors the radar will help with the antilock system to make that dream come ture. bmw has already annouced the development of traffic jam assistant. its a car the can handle driving up to  mph, but touch sensors keeps the driver holding the wheel in case of a malfunction. the human driver must remian alert and be able to take over in certain situations. manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. several may argue that a driverless car is not safe. a variety of car companies have and are developing safety devices to assure the safety of everyone. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup displays. automakers and manufacturers are assuring your safety while deveopling the future. safety is the number one key to the adevances of driverless cars. from sensors, antilock brake and driver assistance systems, and development for the advanced technology automakers and manufacturers are assuring your safety. that is why they are developing the technology further to insure that consumers are safe while they have made technological advances.