most people think that driving is a top priority. there are other ways of getting from place to place. there are many advantages of limiting car usage. for instance, there will be no more pollution, most people stopped driving, and many people will gain plenty of excercise without the use of cars. there are many other positive ways to get around the city instead of driving a car. this world already has enough pollution, but with the limitations to car use there wont be. cars these days give off extra gas that is harmful to the animals, plants, and even people. according to source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky, it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. this cause is a good way to lower air pollution. for example, many women and some men face the struggle of having breast cancer. on certain days there will be a walk to help cure breast cancer. it wont stop it completely, but its a great cause to help cure it. according to source  in german suburb, life goes on without cars, by elisabeth rosenthal, automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middleclass families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes. and that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. the efforts are strong and with more people being included will help make the air pollution lower to a better percentage. for example, when people are sick they have to take medicine in order to get better. this world and the atmosphere will become a better place to live if more people get involved with the limited auto use. driving isnt in the number one spot on thingstodo anymore. most people stopped driving in america. according source  the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal, recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. the change in fewer people getting a car will also be a good way to stop traffic in the cities. for instance, if someone brings in chocolate cupcakes, but no one except one person likes chocolate, then they would take more for them. same with the road less people on the road the more room for people who want to or need to drive to some place. also in source , as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . a lot of people cant afford cars or even think they are a waste of money. for example, no one would buy something that they dont nessecarily need. people would take the money and use it for something more important. there are many advantages of limiting car usage. when people stop driving, that means there wouldnt be a lot of people on the road. there will be more space for people that have emergencies or important business errands, or people that just want to drive. without many cars around due to limited auto usage, people will have the advantage to excercise. there are many people that are overweight and need help to fix it. according to source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky, in a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, and skated to work during a carfree day yesterday. without cars for a limited time would be a great idea to take control and work out. it helps people live a healthier life style and build muscle. for instance, some kids are forced out of the house for atleast an hour of play time and get on track to become healthy. not just children should be doing this, but also adults. although when someone needs to get to some place, taking a car would be quicker, but having no cars has advantages too. some people might complain and be too lazy to go ride a bike to the store, but as a result in the end, the person on the bike will be in better shape than the person in the car. there is nothing wrong in staying fit when there isnt an option in driving a car somewhere. there are other ways of getting from place to place. there are many advantages of limiting car usage. for instance, there will be no more pollution, most people stopped driving, and many people will gain plenty of excercise without the use of cars. there are many other positive ways to get around the city instead of driving a car.