is reading espressions by computers good everyone experences diffrent things every day no matter what they do. people may always be distgusted by going somewhere or even leaving something valuable for something thats not worth a probably a penny. a lot of people are happy for there own reasons might be seeing the sun shine. or even hearing birds singing we dont need a computuer for these when we know how to read emotions. a computer desgined to read or emotions on calculate emotions, facial expressions, and impressive calculations no bodody needs a computer to read what we our feeling. when someone asks if your ok from what they are seeing from your eyes face or acting they try to help they dont calculate emotions for someone. in paragraph  how can a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel?. do we type what makes us sad and a robot answers with a question or something silly or something out of subject for the answer. in paragraph  the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. if it just looks at the human muscles than theres in issue becuase we could be hurt and not be sad, or something else it could just be we hurt something or just lost a tooth we dont need the calculations to tell us how we feel. facial expressions is when we are show if we are happy, sad, angry, and surpirisesd. in paragraph   emotions are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like smiling broadly. everyone can read peoples expressions unless they just look the same everyday of the week. therapists are trained for this to see how people are to read to see how they feel if they feel bad or good. in paragraph  by weighting the diffrent units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece. the computer might be better for paintings made by people or even a pictures in a book, and games. we can preform impressive calculations in our lives to help each other everyday. in paragraph  for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look non her face. not everyone is good at looking at facial expressions or how somone is acting out if someone takes the time to help there friends out or even somebody they can see that they can read emotions well enough without a computer. the conclusion is we dont need machines helping us with our emotions. if we do we gotten lazy or even just they cant read it or they dont want to read the facial expression on there face. some of us are glad we can help others for not ourselves without the help of tech we dint need tech in every part of our lives. what we need is people that can help or even want to help us out. the computer is looking for what we normally hunt for when making sure someone is ok we dont need it to calculate emotions for us, looking into our facial expressions, and we can perform impressive calculations on our own if we try to