venus the evening star would be a worthy pursuit to study despite the many risks and challenges that come along. venus has insights just waiting to be discovered, observed and samples to bring from the earth. exploring venus does have its challenges but should in fact limit us to explore the planet. humans exploring venus should not be stopped by the challenges that our sister planet throws at us. the reason for this is because nasa is looking at how humans or astronauts can stay on the planet without perishing to the harshest conditions venus has. instead, nasa wants humansastronauts to stay on the planets atmosphere where it is the least hostile conditions the planet has to offer. in the article, paragraph  it states,nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jets airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. furthermore in the paragraph you would find that the atronauts will recieve solar power. another obstacle that was a problem in order how to get fuel.solar power would be plentiful... a solution like this helps the idea that exploring venus to study will not stop human curiosity. another challenge that nasa has to find a solution for is what materals and technology to send to venus for the astronauts to use. the temperature for the humans that will visit venus will have to live in tempertures of  degrees fahrenheit. this is a problem for common metals that are in mordern day technology. the atmosphere of the planet would melt the metals that there composed of. instead, they working on how to change the materials of the tech they want ot be along side them to the planet of venus. nasa has simplified electronics devices and gadgetsout of silicon carbide. this can be found in paragraph  and states,  for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another solution that nasa has come up with was the idea of using old technology that has to be used mechanically. such devices from the s and used frequently in world war ii. these are used by levers and gears that make calculations and do not require electronics at all. this information can also be found in paragraph . it states, another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking ,but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. this is nasas other soltuion to record the studies and findings found on venus. in conclusion, venus has many obstacles and dangers. however, this shouldnt stop us to explore the face of the planet and disocver more what the planet lies beneath the dark envious clouds it has. venus is worth studying and despite the dangers it presents, human curiosity will only allow us to futhermore find solutions to the planets obstacles they have waiting for us.