driverless cars are the future of transportation. the technologies that we have right now limit us in what we can do in the field of driverless cars but sometime in the near future we will have fully driverless cars. car engineers are already pushing the envelope on what they put in cars as far as technology and computer systems. there has also been a rise in the number of cars that are running with electric engines, which will be necessary to driverless cars. these three pieces of evidence are all reasons why cars of the future should not require an active driver. the technologies that we have today are amazing to older generations that thought that having a car was crazy. even with our advanced technologies we still do not have advanced enough technolgies to have fukky driverless cars. as the passage stated, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. this statement shows that even companies that have the latest and greatest technologies are not able to make a truly driverless car. even though we are not able to make a fully driverless car today, our technologies are still advancing at a higher rate than ever before. the technologies that we have in cars toaday are truly amazing and extremely advanced compared to what the standard of technology was in a car ten years ago. that is because car engineers are working their hardest to put as much technology as possible in the cars that they are making. the  ford focus is supposed to be able to park for you and it is able to tell you when you are okay to change lanes on the interstate. tesla has projected for a car to come out this year that is supposed to be  percent driverless. these are just two examples of car engineers trying there hardest to put the most technology in vehicles as they can. as you can see this is being done by both luxury brands, such as tesla and bmw, and by everyday brands, such as ford. one of the main problems with running a carr that is completely driverless is that there needs to be a main frame that the cars computer systems can run off of, and that main frame starts with an electric engine. almost every car company now a days makes at least on vehicle with a completely elctric engine. this is good that electric engine cars are starting to be made usable and can now start to be perfected because electric engines are necessary to a fully driver less car. a fully driver less car will have a lot of computer systems that are necessary to opperate the vehicle. these computer systems will all need a main frame to run off of which means the majority of the car is going to be elcetric anyways. wouldnt it make sense for the engine to be on the smae page as the rest of the car. just think, instead of you have to go fill up your fully driverless car with gas and then having to go charge it, you could go charge it and refuel the engine at the same time. the technolgies to make a fully driverless car are not avalable to us yet but they will be in the near future. car engineers are already making cars partially driveless so it is only a matter of time until they are fully driverless. electric engines are already found in a lot of cars and they would be necessary in a fully driverless car which means we are going in the right direction. it is only a matter of time until we will have all of the technologies necessary to have fully driverless cars. so the question is, will you be picking up your next car from the dealer ship or will it be driving to your home?