is driving a car really that crucial? do people really need their own personal means of transportaion? around the world people are limiting their usage of cars. the advantages of limiting car usage are lower pollution, you can decrease your expences by not having to pay a car payment or insurance, and many people have started to limit car usage so you dont have to worry about standing out socially. pollution is a big issue when it comes to driving because cars cause a lot of pollution. in paris a partial driving ban has been passed to try and clear the smog out of the city. on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day duffer . , people were fined but congestion was down  percent. this was done becuase paris has more smog than other european capitals. smog is not the only reason you should limit your car use if you dont have a car at all you are probably saving a lot of money. if you limit your car use to the point where you dont even own a car you can save a lot of money. you wouldnt have to pay your car payment and you wouldnt have to pay for insurance either. the downside of this is you would have to rely on other means of transportation and it would be hard to if you lived in a large city. if you lived in vauban germany however, you could bet away without a car.  while there have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking, planners are now taking the concept to the suburbs . . . . vauban, home to , residents within a rectangular square mile, may be the most advanced experiment in low car suburban life rosenthal . in this suburban area people have given up their cars and turned to smart planning. some people are not worried about the money or pollution involed but are more concerned about they will be accepted socially. social acceptance is what holds some people back from limiting car use. even for those people limiting car use will not be a problem because in the united states car use has declined. americas love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. when adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped steadily there after rosenthal . this means that either americans are going to keep steadily declining from using cars or this is just the younger generation and once they grow up they will have to get cars to go about their routines as adults. the main reasons for limiting car usage are lower pollution, not spending as much money, and not having to worry about social acceptance. it is for these reasons that limiting car use is not only good but it is an advantage.