what it that? how did it get there? will we be attacked by marshans? yes, these are the questions that a lot of people asked nasa when they found an interesting photo on mars. the picture is supposedly a face, but to astronomers, it is just a rock formation. hundereds of people think that there was a human head on mars, but from what astronomers had to say about it, it was the truth. in , nasa got their first look at the face on mars. a couple days later nasa relased the image of the face to the public the caption was simple as it states in the text, huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. after that, it was a pop icon, attracting people into learning more about this planet. the face on mars became very popular when it came to scaring humans. according to the text it states it has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! in films, as always, hollywood would tweak the truth to have more people come and see the movie. this was partly the cause of people believing that there is life on mars. however, astronomers are saying that there could have been life on mars because, of dry river and lake beds on the surface of the red planet. still, that does not prove that there were marshans. astronomers are still trying to convince people that there is not life on mars. according to the text it states what the picture actually shows ins the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. this is showing what it really looks like. besides, from background knowledge it is not possible for a human to live on mars. there is no oxygen for us to breathe, no water, and no food. nothing. technology has advanced in the past  years, showing us clearer pictures in space. this is incuding the face on mars. it will forever be a mystery, but from what astronomers have said it will always be a rock formation.