to our fellow citizens the advantage of limiting car usuage allows us as citizens to be able to save money for smart planning. for example in source , it states that the united states seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement calledsmart planning. smart planning allows us as citizens to be able to walk the places we have to go. there are , residents that live within a rectangle square mile away from a store. but instead we have those that rather drive a car and waste not only there gas, but the money they could be using for other things. on the other hand, in france they use diesal fuel which was making up  percent of their vehicles compared to reglar gas thats makes up . percent in western europe. in bogata, columbia they took many other ways to travel and get to the places they wanted to go to. which did not cause so much traffic jams during that time. they made a goal at the time to promote alternatove transportation and reduce the smog. after bogata,columbia started that other places such as valledupar and cali joint the even that was taking place. other places developed places to park at. the sidewalk you walk on were even made smooth. traffic was no longer conjested. in america the car rates are starting to decrease . for example in souce  it talks about how obamas ambitions to curve the greenhouse gas were unveiled. since the gas prices has risen so high, their are fewer people buying cars. the driving rate has went back down to where it use to be at in . it also says that the car rates went down because most people are not able to purchase cars. some people rather walk around or take public transporation or carpool with others because the rates of gas are getting higher and higher. younger people driving has decreased. younger people behind the wheel are at risk. anything could happen. to improve safety the have created transportation in most states so you het on a bus, carpool, plane, and walk just to get to the places that you need to go. in conclusion, limiting car usuage is a better way to save money and it also a safer way for you to travel.