cars. everyday the average citizen uses a car to get around wether it be for groceries or just going to their job. it has gotten to the point that many people cannot imagine the idea of living without a car. for those few people who have made the switch to not using a car daily however, have experienced some good things about life without a car. in the passage set it explores the different positive side effects that can come along with not having a car from real life situations. there are many different things that can happen with just this one change and some of these examples you might not have thought about before. the first two sources talk mostly about the environmental changes that having no cars could bring. source one focuses on the greenhouse gasses that are produced from car usage. the article states passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe . . . and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. this is a huge deal because greenhouse gasses are belived to be responsible for global warming which could become a huge threat. source two continues to bring up the air pollution problems that are ocurring in places around the world. air pollution can cause a variety of problems from people having problems breathing to plants dieing. the problem has gotten so bad that paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. the problem of smog has gotten so serious that a whole community had to ban driving which is insane that its gotten that far. limiting car usage could take car of our earth the way it takes care of us. the last two sources, sources  and , look at the way that limiting car ussage could improve our communites. source three talks about how that cutting back on car ussage could benifit different parts of our surroundings. near the end of the passage it says parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city. it then continues to list off individual things like rush hour traffic being cut down and sidewalks that were in poor condition are perfect again. the last source talks about the economic benifits that having less cars operating could bring. as a result of the recession people were forced to get creative on how to save money in order to get by. one thing we did was cut back on the amount of gasoline we used which in turn led to us cutting back on the amount of driving we did. this boosted our economy and there in no reason why it cant continue to boost our economy even further if we cut back our car usage even further. in conclusion cutting back on how much we use our cars has many advantages that will benifit every person living today. there are even more advantages that were not mentioned in the sources above that will improve the world even more. along with there being a ton of advantages, there are little to no disadvantages. think to yourself of at least four advantages of increasing the amount of car usage. how many could you think of?