people all over the united states, even the world, drive their cars to get to where they need to go work, school, the mall its a normal thing. but, the increasing number of greenhouse gas emissions are not normal. imagine our world crumbling down, our air supply at its alltime minimum, the exeding amout of smog forming around us, our families and friends too ill to breath all because of cars. along with many advantages, there should be a limit of car usage worldwide. in the article paris bans driving due to smog, it explains the drastic change in smog formation, leading paris officials to temporarily ban driving. though a small percentage cictizens citywide ignored the ban, the pollution was lessened enough to end the law after a day. adding on in a different source written by andrew selsky, bogota started the revolution of a carfree day once a year which promotes alternative transportation and reducing smog. the productivity of this event has caused other countries to do the same, lessen vehicle usage. although there are a small number of cities and countries that have reduced their car usage, people can not hold the reliance on those multiple thousands of responsible citizens. said in the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal, ... americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. and that is without putting an effort like vurban. vurban is a small city in germany that has little to no cars. stores are purposley placed on a walkway or a main street which eliminates the excruciatingly long car rides needed to get to a specific place. because of telecommunication, sociologists believe that sooner or later people of america will take iniciative and there will be no more vehilces, that the internet will be our form of connection. therefore, eliminating the threat of greenhouse gasses. during times of panic and frustration one is tempted to blame. if the beautifully lush world we live in goes crashing down, we all are the ones to blame. we, the ones who use our productivity wisley, will know we did our part limit the usage of cars.