the use of technology that is able to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom would be very valuable. there would be a number of benefits if there was such technology availiable. this technology would not only benefit the students in more ways than one. if schools had technology that could read the faces of students and modify the lessons, it would increase the students chances of success. in the article, dr. huang claims, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. if the lesson was altered to improve the facial expression of the student, there is a huge chance that the student will become more engaged in the lesson, resulting in success. when a student is bored in a lesson, it is more than likely the student will not pay as much attention to it as well as they would if they were truly interested. confusion may cause frustration which would lead to a more difficult learning process. a student who is actually interested in a certain lesson has more of a chance to become excited about the lesson, making the learning experience more enjoyable and easier to learn. in the article, dr. huang says, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. this being said, most students will more than likely not verbaly express when they dislike a certain lesson. most would show their unhappiness through facial expressions. because a teacher may not be able to fully read a students facial expression, it would be more effective if computers were availiable to read the expressions and alter the lesson for the student. technology that is able to read the facial expressions of a student would benefit the student and the teachers. the student would be more engaged in the lesson, and the teacher would have a better understanding of what grabs the attention of his or her students compared to what drives his or her students away. the new technolgy would make a students more confident their skills, leading to a better, more successful educational system.