i believe that the face is just a natural landform on mars because no one has any reall proof that it is made by aliens and the astronauts might have just gotten lucky and taken the photo when the shadows were in the right place. i think that there is no proof that aliens made it because even nasa said that is was just, a huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth, i believe that this quote means that not even nasa thinks that the face was formed by aliens they just believe that it was just shadows on the rock. another example from the text that makes me believe that it wasnt made by aliens is that, people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars, i believe this supports the claim that there is no proof of aliens because if there was then nasa would have already put in the papers so that could get money to go and explore mars but, since they havent put out any information about mars obviously they havent found anything to prove that there is life on mars. the second reason i believe that it was not aliens who made the face is because the astronauts might have just taken the photo when the shadows were in the right place. i believe this because the text states that, what the picture shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west, i believe this piece of evidence supports the claim because it proves that the shadows were only causing an illusion there was not eyes, or nose, or mouth they were only shadows that were in the right place. the second piece of evidence that i believe supports my claim is,  scientists figured it was just another mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like and egyptian pharaoh, i believe this supports my because even the scientists believe that it was only shadows that made it look like the rock had eyes, nose, and a mouth. in conclusion, i believe that the face is not made by aliens because there is no proof it is made by aliens and the astronauts might have just taken the picture while the shadow made the rock look like a face.