would you be able to tell an emotion of someone just by looking at them? prof. thomas huang thinks so, with the help of his latest invention, the facial action coding system. this is a software that is able to read emotions of the users, and formulate a new type of lesson to make it more interesting. the facial action coding system is being used to calcuate emotions for promotional, visual, and learning benefits, and for students in the classroom, this technology seems like a plausible idea. one of the many uses of this coding system is for promotional uses. the artical reads, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different . this goes to help companies know whether or not you enjoy their product. the software will learn what you like and it will know your emotional preferances towards certain ads. by using this technology, it can recognise if you are pleased, and will give you ads you can enjoy and feel comfortable watching. this use of technology would be useful in the classroom because it would limit the content of ads that are not helpful on computers. when a student sees an ad pop up on their screen, confusion will arise and that will let the sofware know not to play ads like that again. this software will help restrict content and make using the internet more enjoyable for students. visually, the software is important to society. an important use of this software can be used during video surgery. the sugery can be seen in more detail and the doctors will be able to percieve emotions clearly. this is not only useful for doctors, but for students as well. by being able to recognise the emotions that people are going through, like pain or fear for example, students who are training to be surgons can watch these videos and take notes on how to improve technique and accuracy. these students will use the technology to recognise flaws and be able to improve upon them. the facial action coding system is useful visually, from video games to video surgery. while these two aspects are important, one of the main uses for this technology is for learning and growth purposes. a classroom computer could recognise when a student is becoming confused or bored , dr. huang says. by being able to see when a child is becoming confused with his or her lesson, the computer could adapt the lesson to be more entertaining or effective. this use of the software could be vital in being able to properly equip students with the knowledge they would not have learned well otherwise. the technology could be used almost as a human instructor. the computers are able to understand facial movments and read reactions, which will also show us what the teacher needs to change in the lesson. this software could change the entire education system just because of the ability to read the students emotions. the uses of the facial action coding system are uncountable. you can use this to encourage and limit promotions, enhance the visual aspects, and improve learning in the classroom. this software can be used as a guide and as an administrator for students while they are learning new material and surfing the internet. technology like this is valuble for a student in order to live up to their fullest potential.