humans are very curious creatures and with that curiosity we have gone on to explore and understand many concepts of life. weve gone on to explore our planet but now its time to exlpore others. in the article the challenge of exploring venus,the author explains about what challenges lie ahead in trying explore venus. even though the author explains the challenges that come with exploing the planet he is able to make comebacks on how to solve these challenges. with this strategy the author does a good jobs supporting the idea that studying and exploring venus is worth it overall. in the article the author presents the following problems, no spacecraft surivied the landing for more than a few hours, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide, clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid,  degrees fareheit, atmospheric pressure is  times greater, erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting stirkes with so many problems that the author has presented, it seems like it isnt even worth going to venus . but then he starts to provide solutions. to avoid all of the harsh conditions the author explains that nasa would have scientist float above to fray, which just means that scientist would just float above venus and study it from afar. along with that there would be a bunch of solar energy and low radiation. so far this only provides a solution to dodging harsh conditions but we still cant get close enough to get a sample of anything. for that to happen we need to send something down into venus. the solution the author provided is  nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. they also think that mechanical computers woud work too. which makes calculations by using gears and levers, they also can be more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. making a robot of this could mean it would have enought time to collect samples from the planet. now that we have the solutions why should we go through all of the trouble just to study venus? well paragaph  states ,astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well have been the most earthlike planet in our solsr system. long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. if venus was once like earth then maybe we could learn about our planet by taking a look at venus and not only that it can be very close by in terms of traveling. on the last pragrpah the author explains how exploring venus will help with on gaining insight but also lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors overall the author does a good job on convincing the reader that we should explore venus and that it would be worth it in the end. he is able to provide solutions to the challenges and does a good job explaning how exploring venus would be beneficial. he is able to convince me and hopefully others that the planet is worth exploring.