venus is one of the closest planets to earth and is also reffered to as our sister planet. we have sent many probes to venus, yet many have not survived more than a few hours. venus may be very close to us compared to other planets in our solar syestem, but it is far different in its characteristics. in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author shows how venus is dangerous but still worthy of studying by giving us evidence and examples about venus and its features. the author gives us statistical evidence on how our planet is different from venus. he explains that its temperature, atmosphere, and its acidic clouds are making the planet uninheritable for humans. the author writes, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds that are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planetss surface temperatures average over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet.  the other spits out many facts that support his claim that exploring venus is a very dangerous job.  degrees farenheit is very hot and would not eb suitable by a human. in fact, all of these feaures would make it hard for a human to live on venus. all these points can help prove that venus is still worthy of studying even though there are many dangers because it should interests scientists and others to find out how these conditions came to be, what could survive in these harmful conditions, and even possibly how to make it possible for humans to live there. the author also uses examples to support his claim that venus is inhospitable for humans. humans have many needs in order to survive on a planet and venus does not qualify for many. the author writes such an environment woud crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to teh deepest parts of our oceans and would liquify many metals.  in this quote the athor is referring to the pressure of the planet inside the atmosphere. if a submarine could not survive the pressure, i doubt a human could either. the author also says venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in out solar system and it has erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. this is impreessive beause even probes that are specifically made for going to venus, cant even survive on venus. this proves that venus is very dangerous but still worthy of studying because it challenges scientists to find new ways of making stronger probes and new ways to study this planet that prove effective. the author uses many peices of statictcal evidence and examples to prove his point that venus is worthy of studying even considering the dangerous conditions. it is worthy because it has insanely harsh temperature, atmosphere, atmospheric pressure, and other harmful characteristics. would you want to study venus considering its deadly differences?