do you drive a car? well if you do then you havent heard about countries all over the world who are limiting their driving. people all over the world who have stopped their driving are saying that it is a good thing. some people are happier without a car then when they did have a car. people are having car free days. in america, people are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. in vauban, germany residents have given up their cars. their streets are completley car free. you are still able to buy a car but there is only two places to park and you have to pay alot of money to do so.  percent of the people who live in vauban do not own cars and  percent sold their car to move their. people who live their say that they are happy and stress free without a car. in the united states. the evironmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities and legislators are starting to act. in bogota, columbia they have a car free day where citizens are not allowed to drive cars. the only transportation they are allowed is buses and taxis. the goal they are trying to enforce is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. the turnout was large, and for the first time, two other cities, cali snd valledupar, joined in on the event. according to carlos arturo he said that its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. the day without cars is part of a campaign that began in bogota in the mids. parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city, sidewalkes have been replaced by smooth sidewalks, and new resturants ans shopping districts have cropped up. the united states had long been one of the worlds prime car cultures. its the birthplace of many cars. but americas love of vehicles has been cooling. the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped thereafter. at the mobile world congress they stated that pedestrian, bicycle, private cars,commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. driving has decreased over the years. not having a car does not stop you from meeting your friends either. there is the internet, cellphones, car pulling apps which has made shared van services more popular. to conclude, not having a car wouldnt be such a bad thing. many people would aslo agree to this. in columbia they have a car free day, in vauban, germany nobody drives there. also in the united states their is a lower presentage rate of people buying cars and getting their license. people are happier without a car and that says alot about how stressful having a car might be. not owning a car might be more safe for your everyday life. not having a car definetley helps make the environment a better place.