a teacher lies at home sick and specialized substitues had been low all month. her students at school sit unprepared for their upcoming test with a major lesson still to be taught. it seems as if this crucial knowledge will be absent as well as the teacher who is the only one who could both provide the information and make sure it is understood to her students. however, thanks to the technology provided by the facial action coding system, her students will be prepared. an incredibly valuable resource in the classroom, the technology provided by the facial action coding system has the ability to recognize the surprise, anger, and fear, that make up confusion on the faces of children in the classroom and adapt lesson plans and learning objectives that would contribute to an overall increase in performance. as stated in the article, in response to this recognition of confusion, the computer who is instructing the lesson would change certain aspects of the lesson in an attempt to make them more comprehendable to its audience. a powerful teaching software paired with the facial action coding system would form an adaptive learning program that could compensate for a teachers lost days due to illness, or a lack of teachers alltogether. the only thing necessary in future classrooms could be supervisors for the students and their smart computers a place holder for an effective human instructorhuang. in america alone, many schools face a deficeit of proper teachers capable of teaching specialized subjects. computers with this adaptive learning software would be capable of more effectivley teaching various subjects due to the many safe sources of information available on the internet. the computers ability to recognize where an individual may struggle is crucial because it would also be able to recognize what alternative methods were effective in helping the student to understand where a teacher may have formely failed to do so. these specialized learning programs would effectivley cause a general increase of performance in schools across the nation resulting in a more educated group of students prepared for college, and eventually the workplace. a technology such as the facial action coding system would have a tremendous impact on the work force by reducing the rate of drop out students and increasing the rates of educated students attending colleges. the new generations that have been schooled with this technology will be more likley to find specialized and higher paying jobs, or to discover solutions for local, national, and international issues. in reality, a technology such as this is revolutionary, and the impacts made as a result of its widespread use would be groundbreaking.