you should join the seagoing cowboys because not only do you get to help people but you get to see amazing sites around the world like i have and you get to travel all over the world. the text states,luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china.another reason you should join the seagoing cowboys is you also get to care for animals and bring food to them so you could get a bond with animals so it would be easier for your job of taking care of them. the text states,they had to be fed and watered two or three times a day.one of the other reasons you should join the seagoing cowboys is that you could have fun especially on return trips when the animals were uploaded. the text states,luke also had time to have fun on board,especially on return trips after the animals had been uploaded. one reason i joined and you should to is you be can with you friends if they sigh up and you all can have fun taking care of the animals on the boat. the text states,luke and don sighned up. another reason you should sigh you is if you turn  and on a boat you have a chance to get to do that for your service so you can do what you like for service instead of the military. the text states,when my draft board learned that i was a cattleboat trip,they told me to just keep doing that for my service, one other reason you should join like me is that you could always be busy. the text states,caring for the animals during the crossings kept luke busy. one important reason you should join is it can toughen you up because of how much you have to carry like the oats and hay. text states,bales of hay and bags of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship.one reason i joined and you should to is that you can also feed and water the animals so you can learn responsibility and know what to do with animals. the text states,they had to be fed and watered two or three times a day.one exiting reason you should join and i did is you get to see many countrys and their sites which are very beautiful. the text states,besides helping people i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china.another reason you should join to is you get the benefit of helping people in need and you know you did the right thing and that is a great thing to do. the text states,it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs, one other reason i joined and you should is you get to be with a lot of other people and it is very wonderful to get the good feeling because you helped someone. the text states,to help these countries recover their food supplies animals,and more, nations joined together to form unrra the united nations relief and rehabilitation administation.one other reason i joined is you get to take of young animals and ship them over seas and you just get to encounter many different animals. the text states,unrra hired seagoing cowboysto take care of the horses,young cows,and mules that were shipped over seas.the last reason you should join is you get the pleasure of feeling good because you know you did something right by helping these countrys in need. the text states,it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs,