i believe that using the new software, the facial action coding system, has promising application to use it is in a classroom to read the emotional expression of students in a classroom. so the teachers would know how their students is feeling, and how they are doing in class. the reason i agree with this new technology is because, well in the passage it says the facial expression for each emotion are universal observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling as broadly.they use a video imagery, that tracks these facial movement. by weighting the diffenet units, the software can also indentify mixed emotions. so even if the students dont show facial expression, the technolgy can tell how they are feeling, and so the computer can change it up and help the student learn better. also the second reason why i agree is because the computer will know when youre happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad migh follow. but if your sad, the next ad will be differnt. also it can help students learn better, in the passage it says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. so if a student is confused, the computer will make the lesson more understandable. so the student will learn better and dont need to struggle and will help the teacher. the third reason why i agree is because the computer can tell if the students are lying about their emotionn. it says in the article but in a false smile, the mouth is streched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle. the computer will spot when a smiling is fake or not. in conclusion i believe using the new technology to read the emotional expressions of the students is indeed valuable.so the student will understand better in class and every student wont behind, and will make the teacher life easier.