in this article making mona lisa smile, the author describes how the facs enables computers to identify humans emotions, but it isnt that reliable. for instance, you could look as happy as the sun, when the clouds are gone, but be so sad. we rely on technology to do all of these things for us, but computers are not always right. this is a really cool system, but i dont think its  accurate. some of us will rely on this system to see what their emotions are, but they cant actually tell. there are many advances in this article, that i cant really tell where the disadvantages are. for example, us humans rely on all this technology when we could just figure it out ourselves. you cant rely on a computer to tell you your exact emotions. its just like looking something up on the internet, coming to find out that it wasnt the right answer. the internet is not always right, there are many questions, and many wrong answers to those questions. so i dont think that the computer can tell yur emotions. that would be cool, but it wouldnt be right. you could be smiling so hard that your face is about to fall off, and even though its the fakest smile, the computer would read it as happy. secondly, you could be so happy, but look like youre the most depressed person on earth, but the system isnt going to think that. the thing about this system is that we find it so satisfying, because oh my gosh, a computer can tell my emotions!?, but the answer is no. we want to believe its true, but in real life, i see the happiest people look so sad but they arent. we see what the computer sees too. we can see what we look like, just like our computer can for this system. finally, if we cant tell what we are feeling, how is the computer going to? its not. in the article, it tells you to look in the mirror, raise your lips at the corners of your mouth, then squint your eyes slightly to produce wrinkling at the corners of your eyes. then holding that, raise the outer parts of your cheeks up toward your eyes. after the it asks if the mirror can give you a suggestion of your emotion, or can your partner. honestly, the answer for that is no, only you know how youre really feeling. the facs is not valuable for many reasons. computers cant tell how youre feeling, nor can anyone else. also, the internet is not always reliable, which it has gave people wrong answers. you could be so happy, but look like youre just a mess, and the computer wouldnt say youre as happy as you are.