the article the challenge of exploring venus is an article that explains why studying venus is such a challenge and tries to create the idea that studying venus is worth peoples time despite the threats that are present on the planet. although the author presents some evidence that explains why people should invest time into studying, there is not enough evidence presented to show that venus is worthy of exploration despite the danger that it imposes. rather it explains the lengths scientists today are taking to tackle on this challenge. a major issue of this authors attempt at suggesting that venus is worthy of pursuit, is that the author mainly explains why trying to explore venus is a challenge. as the title suggests, it really isnt trying to pursuade the reader into thinking that venus is worth exploring. while the author does give us a reason as to why scientist are still trying to visit the surface, there is nothing explicitly written about why travelling to venus is worth pursuit besides venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. and recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit. the evidence that he uses to explain this is with the geology of the planet. however, this is not enough to support the idea that venus is worthy of pursuit despite the dangers it presents, thus making his idea lackluster because of its lack of evidence to support the idea. despite the issue mentioned above, the article does a great job of explaining different methods and studies and the circumstances that scientists and researchers are are trying to overcome to study venus. giving figures of the percent of carbon dioxide blankets on venus to the atmospheric buildup of venus. the author thouroughly explains why venus is such a difficult planet to explore and gives insight to how scientists are trying to overcome this obsticle. using evidence from nasa showing how they are using simplified electronics made of silicon carbide that have been tested in a chamber stimulating the chaos of venuss surface to create more useful devices that can be used in exploration. the ending of the article our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. really helps to show a viewpoint of why scientists should invest time into studying venus. the article the challenge of exploring venus suggests that venus is quite a challenge to study and gives many reasons as to why that is. however it fails to support their idea that it is worth studying despite its dangers. this is shown through how the article is more about how scientists are trying to study venus, instead of why we should study venus.