technology improves every minute and it seems like there is no stopping. reading emotions on a persons face can be confusing sometimes, so prof. thomas huang, of beckman institute, and prof nicu sebe, from university of amsterdam, worked together to come up wiht technology that can read human emotions. using emotion reading computer can be useful when it comes to school, because teachers and students deal with different emotions from their classmates colleagues every day. the first benefit is that it will help teachers and student figure each others emotion. second, is it will make others be more active. lastly, it lets others know what your emotions are. first of all, because there are so many facial expressions that teachers often have difficulty reading their students emotions and lots of times that causes confusion among each other. for example, the text states that, the facial expression for each emotion are universal, observes dr.huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees od expressionlike not smiling as broadly. this technology will be able to help teachers and or students have an easier way of reading each others emotion. in advance, it can calculate the different types of emotions that a person may be expressing all at once. the text states, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece. secondly, it will help others be more active, that meaning students will show more happier emotions if the teachers can understand them. more over, understanding students emiotions will help teachers have more of a positive way of viewing their students. in addition, recognizing a student emotional expression when learning a lesson can help the teachers teach more effectivly with the help of the technology. for example, the text states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confusd or bored, dr huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. third, although letting others know your emotions can sometime be scary because some emotions can mean weakness, the computer can give specific emotions that a person is expressing. when you see a friend or teacher sometimes it is very hard to tell their emotions that they are expressing, but maybe with this technology it will be easier for us to understand them. because most human connect nonverbally, our emotional communications is considered nonverbal communication and the computer has those skills. the text says, most human communications is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang. so the computers need to understand that, too. in conclusion, using this technology in classrooms can be very useful. it will help teachers and student figure your emotions.