studying venus is dangerous but there is good insight we can find in this. first,in the challenge of exploring venus the author says earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. since it has a lot in common with earth it is good to have a litle insight on this planet. in the article it says that the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features sich as valleys, moutains, and craters this shows how much earth and venus have incommon. this also gives us an opertunity to take a planetary visit to venus in the future. despite the dangers it could cause on someone. next, in the reading it says that venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxid blankets this is one example of how dangerous venus is. in the article is says also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperatue of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to the sun this is another example of how dangers venus is. however going to venus is not a bad idea beacuse life form could have been there in the past. people believe life forms could have existed beacuse of the examples like caters, moutains, and valleys. despite venus being the hottest planet in our solar system. then, on that note venus is not the cloestet planet to the sun but has the highest tempature than all of your planets in the solar system. however studying venus can give us insight on what to make to prevent for somone or something burning on its surface. while we have been studying venus all we have seen is a look from a ship orbiting above the planet, that gives us little intel on it surface. we get little intil from that beaucse  most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. however if scientists seeking to conduct venus will have to get closer to the planet. lastly, in the reading it says venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky but not all people know that venus is not a star it is a planet. however to a amateur stargazer it may just look like another star. venus is called earths twin beaucse of how alike they are in distance. some scientist think this is intersting and want to look into this planet despite the dangers of it. some scientist have looked into venus but only have sent unmanned trips. the reasoning is the ship would only last a new hours at the most on venus. in conclusion,venus is a every intersitng plaet to look into. despite the dangers it can cause.