limiting the use of cars seems like a crazy idea but if you really think about the importance of cars now a days does not seem like a big deal. people are starting to realize that cars are not the only way of transportation. according to the article, the number of people driving tend to decrease every yearsource  s paragragh  p . on the other hand driving can be more beneficial than walking or riding a bike at times. the purpose of the essay is to explain the advantages of limiting car usage. for all you nature lovers, limiting cars would seem like a good idea. if more people walk or ride bikes, the percent of air pollution would lowers p. in the united states, it is proven that up to  percent of greenhouse gas is caused by carss p. cars can be very dangerous if they are driven by the wrong people. driving under the influence can cause many accidents because drivers tend to go to fast or drive really reckless while intoxicated. choosing to walk or ride a bike instead of driving can be more benefical because of the amount of exercise people can get out of it. one con to driving is having to worry about traffics p. when not driving you do not have to worry about anything slowing you down. there are many advantages to walking instead of driving that many people do not realize. for example, when walking you do not have to deal with bad parking, being fined for bad driving, or even washing your car which can be a hassle at timess p. on the hand, there is nothing wrong with driving at times. a car can be more useful than walking when it comes to going long distances. now a days everybody is always in a rush and based on where you need to go a car can get there at a faster rate. accidents can still happen while walking or riding a bike just maybe not as frequently. people can even use smart cars if they are so worried about air pollutions p. to wrap things and get to the point, driving less cars can be more benficial. walking and riding bikes and avoid less traffic and accidents. the percent of greenhouse gas caused by cars would probably go down and air pollution would not be such a big problem. another benefit of walking is getting exercise. while cars do cause many problems as far as pollution and accidents, they are not a bad idea.