in this article about the development on driverless cars, i was persuaded to support the side of the argument that is against driverless cars to be used in everyday life and to take the place of human taxi drivers. i am against the idea of computers taking over human jobs because i just personally do not think it is a safe and smart decision. i think that no matter how hard google, nissan, or any other car manufacturer tries, there is absolutely no possible way for anyone to take into consideration everything that can be accounted for when driving at any point of the day. there is no computer system or screen writing that can tell the future and predict what will happen a few miles up the road and prepared to take the actions necessary when they are seen best fit. while i understand that sensors would be placed into the smartcars, i believe that the human eye and the human neurological system is much more precise, accurate and aware of the many things going on around them when driving on any street that a sensor may not be able to comprehend in time to safetly steer the passanger out of the way of danger. in paragraph , its stated that if the technology in the smartcars fail or have a malfunction which causes injuries, who would be to blame, the smartcar manufacturers or the human who was in charge of operating a car that is supposed to operate itself? many questions like this, i assume, are being raised in many different forms on the account of public safety. for the obvious reasons, this is why many states refuse to allow tetsing of the computerdriven cars. also, it is clearly stated in the traffic laws that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times, as stated in paragraph nine. it is only common sense that many consumers of automotive transportation would rather drive the car they have purchased instead of the act of driving being sdone buy a robot whom they as the consumers do not undertand the full properties of. for this and all of the reasons listed above, i believe that we as society are not ready for smartcars and would like to choose to stay safe and intheknow of what and how we use transportation.