in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.the author is right he should go to explore venus. venus is the closest plant to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. venus is one of three planets that orbit the sun at different speeds. to have beter knowledge of our future we need to know everything around us. one reason, why we should explore venus is because there might be life on that planet since it is so similar to earth. in the challenge of exploring venus, in paragraph , the author says that ...long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. it is explaining that venus had oceans like the earth and might have life in it. in paragraph , the arthur also says that there is erupting vocanoes, earthquakes, and lightning strikes. the earth has the same features as venus. in addation, the nasa is trying their best and finding new beter ways to travel to venus and how to survie. in paragraph , the author says nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics mad of silicon cabide have been testedin a chamer simulating thr chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conitions, that is explaining that nasa is trying their hardest to find new ways to get to venus. in paragraph , the author also explians a way that they try to get to venus wich is, ....many reasearches ar working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to conribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. there is also another side, it might be really dangerous and millions of people can die from going to venus. in paragraph  the author says that, ....each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landind for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. that means that lots of people died after the landed on venus in a few hours, no one can stay on venus more that a couple hours, but venus is worth of going there and exploring it becasue it can help us alot with our future. in conclusion, we should go to venus and explore thing in there. we should go because in is really similar to earth and lots of people are really excited. venus has great things and great adventures waiting for us humans to explore.