cars have been around since the early s, but now it seems there is no need for them. the younger generations have not been getting drivers licences and technology is making it easier to ride with someone else or telework. it is an all out war against automobiles and the united states isnt the only one fighting in it. vauban, germany, bogata, columbia, and paris, france have all joined the war against personal cars. how to win a war against cars stop owning them. vauban, germanys population is doing just that. over half of vaubans population sold theirs cars so they could live in vauban, and over seventy percent dont own a car. if people dont own cars, then there is no need for parking. now, without parking lots or garages all over the place stores and schools can be closer to home. for those that require a car to get to a farther away work there are two parking garages, but to own a spot in one of them one you must buy a home there and pay forty thousand for the parking space. residents of this experiment have even gone to say that without a vehicle they are less stressed and happier. joy was not what paris communters felt when france closed down the streets to certain vehicles for one week. why would they close the streets smog bad enough to rival one of the most polluted cities in the world. paris is usually the european city that has all the smog,  micrograms to londons .. so the government decided to do something about it. for five days they alternated from even licensedplate cars could drive to odd licensedplate cars could drive. to appease everyone without cars the government made public transportaion completly free allowing those without vehicles to still get to where they needed to go. in the war against cars public transportation has played a big role. take the city of bogata, colombia for example every year they have a completly car free day where everyone takes public transportation or walks. due to the day without cars public transportation is better than ever, as are the sidewalks. busses have nicer interiors and are more accomodating, and old, cracked sidewalks have turned into smooth, flat sidewalks that are safer for everyone. some might say that it is impossible to live without cars, because of illnesses and the lack of safety. however, in vuaban, germany people are less stressed which acounts for many immune systems shutting down. in paris, france they were able to clear their city of smog in five days, without smog there would be nothing to hide the sun on a nice day letting people get vitamen c also while keeping their lungs clear. in bogata, colombia public transpotation and sidewalks have improved tenfold since the day without cars started as has safety. without cars there are no accidents, people cannot injure others by drunk or reckless driving, and it allows the police to watch for crime instead of speeders. overall our society would benefit grately from becomeing carless.