the face on mars is a natural landform. i say that because the unusual shadows thats out in space. the camera that nasa was using wasnt the best at the time. and the evidence shown was of the face on mars is that its a natural landform. thats my three reasons why the face on mars is a natural landform. in space there are a lot of mysterious things out there and unusual shadows are one of them. nasa unveiled the face on mars for all to see. the caption under the photo said huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. nasa is basically saying that its a big rock formation that looks like a human head because of shadows. thats one of my reasons why the face on mars is a natural landform. my second reason why its a natural landform is the technologycamera. in  technology wasnt at its best back then. but, the viking  captured a photo of what is predicted to be a face on mars. nevertheless, on april ,  a cloudless summer day in cydonia mars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maxiumum resolution. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. my final reason why the face on mars is a landform is because it is a landform. scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. also the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, landforms common around the american west. it reminds me most of a middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin.  thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isloated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. in conclusion, the face on mars is a natural landform. its a natural landform because the unusual shadows in space. the cameras they had to take the picture with. and finally, that it was a landofrom like a butte or a mesa.thats why i think the face on mars is a landform.