studying venus is a worthy pursuit because us human beings love to study more than our planet . studying venus is very risky due to the fact that its the second planet closest to the sun, so our chances are very low to get a something similar to a rover on venus without it melting or getting destroyed by the atmosphere in paragragh  it states that modern computers are enormously powerful,flexible and quick, but tend to be more decliate when it comes to extreme phyiscal conditions  . venuses atmosphere is almost  percent of carbon dioxide blankets and it is very thick . it also averages over  faherenheit that is  times greater then what we experience . so if our devices go on venus it could be destoryed , even if some people volunteer to surf venuses atmosphere is very dangerous because any of our devices can enterupt venuses  daily routine  putting our people in harms way. in paragragh  it states that astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may once most earthlike planet in our solar system . also, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys , mountains , and craters . in paragragh  venus is also referred as earths  twin , venus is the closest planet to earth in erms of density and size , and occasionally the closest to distance too , so it would be a good story if we found a safer way to study venus . in paragragh  the author states that ,  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value , not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself , but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors . venus has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely but challenges like that make it real easy to study other planets if we accomplish our first task . in paragragh  it states that ,each previous mission was unnamed ,and for a good reason , since no spacecraft survied the landing for more than a few hours.so we do have some research that is unknow to us for good reasons so if continue too keep running test and mission and fix our mistakes venus can be very easy and safe to study .