wouldnt it be great to hear that just by citizens limiting car usage they are kind of making the world a better place? instead of driving from place to place, they at the park, or taking a nice walk around town, or maybe even having a little fun ice skating. its exciting to hear by just walking anywhere instead of taking a car or a motor vehicle, you are making the enviroment better. also who doesnt love less traffic in the streets? limiting car usage has so many advantages, you maybe just have to get out of your car to see it. imagine walking down the street and hearing the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional sound of a distant motor. in vauban germany, most streets are completely car free. heidrun walter said when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. passenger cars are responsible for twelve percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and fifty percent in some car intensive areas in the untied states. polution is a huge problem, not only for us but for the enviroment. just by limiting cars,you can reduce gas emissions. in the the passage it says that in the untied states, the enviromental protection agency is promoting car reduced communites, and legislators are starting to act, if cautiously. paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. almost four thousand drivers were fined, and they also had thier cars impounded due to some of thier reactions to the fine. large traffic went down in the capital of france after five days of intensifying smog. in the passage it says that cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. they blamed deisel fuel because france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. all these car fumes and bad polution can cause many dangers and car usage has a big part in this problem. by limiting car usage, the smog in paris cleared enough on monday for the ruling french party to rescined the ban for odd numbered plates on tuesday. in another place, bogota colombia, it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only busses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of seven million. they did this so they can reduce smog. the people who didnt follow the rules while this day was in progress, they faced twenty five dollor fines. this day can do good for many people and can give you many opportunitys that you havent got to do before. in the passage a businessman named carlos arturo plaza said its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air polution. he said that while riding a two seat bicycle with his wife. the usage of cars is not always need, having a little fun wont hurt, taking a walk, going to the park is always a good thing. even if it rains, that wont stop the people from participating in this day. car usage isnt the worst thing in the world but there are many advantages when you dont use them. polution decreases, as well as smog. you have a day to enjoy the outside world. while you do that think of the gas emmisons you arent putting in the enviroment. people dont really notice it but polution has a big effect to global warming. just by limiting your car usage, you can be doing a favor not only to you but the enviroment and the world. now isnt that great to hear?