with the new driverless cars there are both negative and positive aspects. the technology is upon us, but it is unsure whether our society is quite ready for this new and dramatic change. not only would driverless cars change our own habits, but it would also change how the world works around us. driverless cars would positively influence the world around us. common mistakes that are made daily while driving could be prevented when an individual is using their driverless car.the text states that drivers could engage in multitasking such as texting while driving until they are needed to take over. in todays world, cell phones and popular social media demand our undivided attention. with smart phones and other possible distractions, a smart car would allow the driving individual to focus on ohter things while they move onward to their destination. the text states that laws are very focused on keeping drivers, passengers and pedestrians safe. with safety being a main concern, driverless cares could greatly impact an extremely common cause of death. car craches happen daily and with the help of advanced technology could easily be prevented. when a typical driver might go to fast on a dangerous road, a driverless car would be watching the driver and correct the speed, making sure that no person is at risk. although, a driverless car may correct common mistakes, since their was a demand for transportation, technology and the ability of man has come a long way. where once unpredictable conditions were used such as horses, there was an advancement to henry fords automobile that changed the way america and eventually the world went through everyday life. a driverless car would most effeciantly fit the needs and wants of the modern world. although a driverless car may be deemed as a positive change, there are also negative alternatives. the text states that the expense of these cars are simply impractical, along with the idea of smarter roads. the text also states that although driverless cars would prevent many instances, a driver would still need to remain alert and ready to take control in the case of a car crash or road construction. another example of an issue would be in the event of a car accident. the technology may fail and if an individual is injured, it might be difficult to know who is at fault. driverless cars could be deemed as an idea that needs more advancment and control before being avaliable unto the public. in conclusion, driverless cars would have a positive impact on society, preventing accidents, transporting the distracted people of the modern world. driverless cars are definately something to be considerd considering todays technology.