the author uses many things to describe about studying venus. first, the author describes that venus is the second planet from our sun, second, he says that venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of destiny and size, and occasionnally the closest in the distance too. finally, he describe that nasa is also on other apporaches to studying venus. first, the author describe that venus is the second planet from our sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant, but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging to place to examine more closest. venus is the closest planet from the sun so it has more powerful than the other planet. next, the writer says that venus is the closet planet to earth in terms of destiny and size, and occasionnally the closest in the distance too. earth, venus and mars, the other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speed. they all had a different speed from the sun. these difference speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and other time to venus. venus is sometimes right a round the corner. in space terms, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud drap world. each pervious has unnamed, for some good reasons, spacecraft survived the landing for more then a few hour. this issue explain why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. finally, the writer describe that nasa is also on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplied electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old technology called machanical computers. by comparison, systems that use machanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat and other forces. in conclusin, the author uses many things to describe about studying venus. he uses so many good things to study about venus, describing that venus is the second planet from our sun, the closest planet to earth in terms of destiny and size, and occasionnally the closest in the distance too. he also describe that nasa is also on other apporaches to studying venus. a lot of people study about venus.