the technology called the facial action coding system, or facs, that enables computers to identify human emotions is a way to destroy the teachers way of teaching because dr. huang quoted, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, and then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. in this argument, if the computer can do such, then there is a high chances that the job to teach will be replaced. in an intellectual students view, it is best to be taught directly from a human teacher since it has emotions, efforts, and its struggles. there is also another reason why this technology isnt the best to teach. the author states that, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang. so computers need to understand that, too. its only because then the teacher cant be that person who only teaches, it got their students as their great friends to talk, to trust, and to learn from them. without teachers, then what do the computer teach? there is so many informations in a computer, yet the teacher teaches only one subjects. its best to be taught by a teacher who can be your friend you trust and to learn, as well. another reason why it is not best to have facs is because of this text that the author states, for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a smiliar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this is what is not great in the classroom. the students might not be entirely happy, or frown. they would be bored most of the time, and if that happens, an ad will try to make the students smile, which means it can leads to inappropiate ad such as pornography, online games, etc. its a valid reason that facs shouldnt be in the classroom, and isnt worth to have it. another reason that facs shouldnt be accepted into the classroom is because the auther states this from the paragraph  about ads example. they can be a lot distracting if youre taking a test as well as quizzes. ad changes based on your feelings, which means it would bring out games that makes you excited, and play that game, which will causes a huge amount of distractions in the classroom. in conclusion, it is best not to bring a facs to a classroom. youll only get distractions from it. its also recommended to be taught by a teacher since it can teach you one subjects you choose, and possibly makes you better than before. the emotions may be important, but in a teaching matter, a computer technology that can identify emotions isnt important at all.