driverless cars are not only a great thing for common folk, it is also a revolutionary idea that is being put into action right now. picture a world where routes are more accessable, anybody could use this product, and less accedients would happen because ai driven cars. back then, we didnt have the knowledge or technology to even test these sorts of ideas. as time goes on, man has created and gained the needed knowledge and technology to improve on our daily lives and society. driverless cars are one step into the future. since it would be more time and money consuming to build better roads, we can only resort on the car. the car can easily be modified, manufactured, and tested. you cant go on and magically change the bridges or the humans that drive can you? the only thing er can do is better our cars for everyday citizens. gps can finds ways to guide the car from destination to destination. you wont have to deal with angry drivers or crazy trafic because the driverless cars will know where to go. they will also do it with ease. you and your family could get to said destination with ease and perfection. taking the fastest and safest routes whilst the passengers and enjoying their time. no more trafic jams or late meetings. all thanks to driverless cars. driver licenses will become a short coming with these types of cars aswell. there would be no reason for testing to see if the driver can drive because the car will be doing the driving! the only thing youd be doing is buying the car. anyone, from elder to todler, will be able to get in the car and enjoy the view of the city as the driverless car is criusing about the streets. and as you are in those streets, you can possibly use other types of innovative ideas that have been implemented into the car. voice commands, television, games,etc... they can all be placed inside the car to fit the needs of the buyer. all of this is possible because cars are so easy to modify. when driving, you have so many negative things being pushed into your general area as you are driving. civilians, clueless drivers, bikers, drunk drivers, and you, are in risk when driving. with the car being ai controlled, you wont have to deal with any of those hazards. if the car detects strange or threatening behavior in its area, itll simply take another route or avoid the danger. driverless cars dont have to deal with emotion. theyre not angry or scared. driverless cars deal with the task that has been givin to them without hesitation. some will accept the future, few will become it. driverless cars are nothing more than the surface of a brighter tomarrow. better roads, easily accessibility, and fewer accidents are todays tomarrow. the more wider our ideas get, the better we become as people who inhabit this world. driverless cars are one step into the future. are you willing to take the step with us?