wouldnt it be fantastci if you are just sitting in the drivers seat and listening to music, reading a magazine, or just amusing yourself as your brand new toyota does all the driving for you? the google company is thinking of smart ways to impress people with a car that drive automatically. the invention can eventually come up with positive advantages having a spinning sensor that is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at wheel. there may also be negative aspects on this where the driver or manufacturer can seriously interfere with the law. i develop an agrument for the driver less car because the car includes rotating sensors, can prevent the driver from causing accidents, and can be very financial. the driverless cars can have a positive aspect by sensing the outside world that atually make the cars highly productive. for example, many companies started the invention with special test tracks and used their knowledge to actually develop the car to use the outside world. berkeley used magnets with polarity that surprising worked well to use massive upgrades. companies even developed special sensors to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. this demonstrates that companies use their intelligence to create a special car that can make their ideas benefical to any. the second reason to why driverless cars are benefical is that they can prevent any major accident. for example, as the car steers the driver must be alert which helps the touch sensors to make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel to take over when a situation is required. this proves that the cars can help the driver to not run into a severe problem by having helpful aids like vibrating seats that wake up the driver. financial purposes and causes is the most essential thought to explain the purpose of driverless cars. people becoming really interested in the driverless car can make the company have a high financial cause. also, it can help other companies to improv the same idea for an excessive business. for example, if the idea improves audi and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by  as the truly autonomous car strectes on ahead of us. this proves that when business is excellent other companies indeed will introduce their new inventions. the driverless cars made by famous companies is likely to connect the outside world, prevent servere accidents, and become very financial in the business. for example, using the rotaing sensors makes the car run successfully, vibrating chairs can make the driver not run into accidents.