when you live in the united states, you use cars everyday, so you wouldnt understand the positive impacts of limiting car usage has on everyday life. some small towns in germany, paris, and colombia are carfree citys. in the passage in german susburb, life goes on without cars , writen by elisabeth rosental, she tells her readers that a suburb in germany, vauban, has street parking, driveways, and home garages generally forbidden. rosenthal states that not having a car can actually bring happiness. when i had a car i was always tence. im much happier this way, said heidrun walker. in the second article, paris bans dring do to smog , by robert duffer, he tells the reader about the struggles paris faced with polution in the air. he states that they made a system where one day they would have even licence plate number stay home one day and the odds would stay home the next. after trial and error, they came up with a solution, and it helped the smog go away. if cars were banned completly the air we breathe would be so much cleaner, and less foggy. the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescrind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. in the third passage carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota , by andrew selsky, it talks about a car free day that takes place once a year in the town on bogota. the passage also states that people hiked, biked, skated, and took buses to work during the car free day. selsky states that the goal of the day is to promote alternative transportation and reduse smog, which brings back the fact that not using cars reduses polution in the ait. the other reson banning cars is a good idea is because it redused stess, because you dont have to deal with traffic, find a parking spot, or worry about being late to work because you have to stop to fill up your tank in the morning. its a good oppotunity to take away stress... said buisnessman carlos arturo plaza the last article the end of care culture , written by elisabeth rosenthal, talks about how americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. i beleive people are finally coming to the state of mind where public transportation is the faster, easier, and more afisiant way. another reason it is better than having your own cars is that it is safer. ...public transpotation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resousrces, lower emissions and improve safety. the main advantages of limiting car usages are happiness, lower in polution, lower in stress, and increase in safety.