the use of technology to read students emotional expressions might be the new advacement of science. this technology uses different muscles in the face to uncover what a person might be feeling at the moment. in paragraph  it states, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. this use of technology uses the muscles, orbicularis, zygomatic, and risorious to distinguish any fake emotion. this software will help many students and careers to come. this technology should be placed in classrooms as a helping tool. teachers can not read students minds and help each individual when they are confused. using this technology will make the job of teachers so much more easier. the students will now, using this technology, advance in school and understand every single topic that they are faced with. as it states in paragraph , his new computer software stores similiar anatomical information as electronic code. this shows that the information gained in this software is reliable and should be taken advantage of for our students. students finally have a way to rely and get help. by using this emotion recognizer it will help understand nonverbal communication better, giving us a sense of the human body and how it expresses emotions by not talking about it. paragraph  reinforces this idea by saying, a classroom compute could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. although it has its cons the idea of this technology over all will benefit the students. by modifiying a classroom towards how the students are feeling will improve grades rapidly and the knowledge that the students will consume. the more technology kids are exposed to in the classroom the more they will learn. this device will improve generations and help them to actually understand what the teacher is talking about. it will help universities get through a career easier and more positions in the job industry will open up. this software will help many students and careers to come.