limiting car uses will change the enviorment in a dramatic way. vauban , germany  residents dont use cars, they dont even have room for cars. the only way to get a parking space is at your house which you have to buy for ,, along with a home or large garages at the the edge of the develpoment. streets are completely carfree besides a few streets on the edge of the community.  doesnt even own cars. heidrun wlater, former car owner says when i had a car was always tense. im much happier this way. they are healthier and less tense because they walk, and bicycle keeping their self fit and active. paris , france  banned driving due to smog. evennumbered plates one day then the next day oddnumber plates, the ones who did use there cars they got a fine of euro . they did that for five days. , people were fined and  people had their cars impounded due to there reaction to the fine. a car being droven every other day helps out with the polution. it cuts back on the polution if its not running putting it in the enviorment. its like if you drive once a week then you are only putting a little bit of polution in the enviorment. you arent putting as much as you would be if you drove everyday a week. bogota , colombia  they walk, bike, hike, skate, and take buses to work during the carfree days. its been the third year in a row that they have had this day. the goal is to reduce smog and it works. violaters are fined . more cities like, cali, and valledupar joined the event. they are taking a stand against polution and cleaning up the smog. the bicyclers made  miles of bike paths. just for this day. this is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said business man carlos arturo plaza. united states of america , president obamas goal is to curb the green house gas emissions. everyone is asking has america passed peak driving? in  americans drove  per person below the peak which in january  thats where we were. cars per house hold has came down. there are cellphone apps now a days thet help out with car pooling. instead of driving yourself to work ask your coworkers to switch days with you. some days you drive them to work and other days, they drive you to work. you both would be saving on gas and putting less polutuion in the air. people from the ages  to  yearsolds are just getting thier license, while older people maintain their license was the research mr. sivaks has found. many people just get jobs where they can walk to work, use public transportation or car pool with friends. walking, riding a bicycle, hiking, and skating are all ways to get somewhere without creating polution. if there is a way to cut back on polution then you should take that oppertunity. carpooling with a friend, or coworker is also a way to cut back on polution. instead of two cars coming from an area to go to the same area they should just use one car to go to that area instead of taking to cars for it. my point is save the enviorment and create less polution like paris, bogota, and vauban. they created way to help out the enviorment, you take a stand and you make a change.