the challenge of exploring venus? the famous evenig star also called the planet of venus. the star with more misterys and reason for be studied. venus is a planet,one of the that componed our solar system. venus the point of light in the night. the planet with the second place in our sun. this paper will talk about the mencioned planet venus and their curiosides that has as why do have the second place,the elements has venus,if has life in venus. venus is the second planet in our solar system, also venus is the closest planent to the earth according the density and size and distnace too. ? venus,earth and mars our other planeth neighbor,orbit the sin at different speeds. tha? is means we are closer to mars and other times to venus. our earth run around of the sun doing a eje of simetry. that is way sometimes we are closet to venus. venus is a little planet and always are closet to the corner. talking in space terms during the whole existing the humans are sent spacecraft to find out information about if exist life over there. but each mission was unmanned and the scientifics can tell since no spacecracft survived the landing for more that a few hour. according the article, some factors contribute to the reputation of venus as a challegin palnet for humans study,despite it is proximity to us. venus after mentioned as a little planet is a one a planet with  percent of carbon oxide,thats means we were the carbon dioxide for survived. venus has corrisive sulfuric in the atmosphere,that is a danger for us health. according the article it has a temperatures over  degrees fahrenheit because mercury is closer to the sun and sun is closest to venus. the nasa is back of all that. they are studing all about venus. some studies show nasas possible solution to the hostilecondition on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. in space terms and referent to the article. venus was probably covered largely with ocean and could have supported various forms of life the studies show that venus accordin the information the venus planet has a surface of rocky sediments and includes familiar such as velleys,mountains,and craters. thats means venus can be our another option for a planetary visit. in conclusion, i can say that venus is a option that we have if sometimes will happening on our earth. that is a option for life. venus is a planet that it will be innovation and technology for survive. venus is a despite the danguerous,we can have resistant to pressure. venus can be our salvation.