throughout the years of my life i noticed something about my family that didnt really bother me as much as it does now. my family seemed to have a dependance on motor vehicles. everywhere we went we drove there, whether its down the street or around the corner, a car must be used. as of now i can see the affects of those actions, like global warming, pollution, and the hole in the ozone layer , as well as huge amounts of stress. all of those should be a good enough reason to limit car usage. by reducing car usage you can reduce the harmful affects too much usage can bring to the world. in the article paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer, duffer discusses how in paris the smog was so overwhelming that they actually had to threaten citizens with fines to make them keep their cars at home. now i know some people were against the keeping your car or you will suffer a euro fineduffer , but im sure they will understand when they arent walking around paris with medical mask over their mouths. responsibilty comes along with owning car, from keeping the gas meter from going below e to changing the oil and tires. all of those responsibilities can bring an abundance of stress on anyone. so reducing car usage would reduce the amount of stress on a car owner. as explained in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, a community in vauban, germany has gone on without the use of cars. the amount of stress on the citizens must be extremely low due to the fact they dont have to the deal with the responsibility of taking care of a car. heidrun walter, one of the citizens there stated when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,rosenthal . less car usage in the end will reduce the amount of stress placed upon someone. the reduction of car usage is gonna benefit the car owner in the end and everyone else because it will help our environment and also reduce unhealthy stress. so instead of driving everywhere try to ride the bike, carpool, or even ride the city bus. pursuing these actions will benefit you as well as your community.