this is for the facial recination i say yes to it becuse it can modify the students lesson so that the student is not bored with the lesson. sure it might cost a little to make this happen for the students but they are this nation future. the program that they are using will let the help out the students to get better grades with other thing . to help in thir life when they are in math class and they do not understand what is going on the computer will send them a little message to ask them to see what they need help with in the lesson. the program that they were using reconized a  year old painting that is all kinds of other things wrong with the painting . they were able to get the stats from the old painting they were  happy  distigusted  fearful  angery . the computer will scan all  mucles in ure face that make the emotins that you feel every day. the emotions that you feel in ure day are happy,sad,cheerful,mad, these are some of the emotions that you feel in a normal day in ure life. the thery of emotions are when you make a face it helps tell how ever that you are feeling. world renowned drama coach constantin stanislavsky. he tells his actors to reproduce faces to help them out better with all of there things that they are doing to help them be better actors. in one part of the story it says imagin a computer that imagins when you are sad or happy when and add pops on ure screan and it can tell that you are not interested in the add so it finds better adds when it is time for one to pop up. most humans have a nonverble type of way when they see each other. when leaonardo devinchi painted the mono lisa he had information the human body. that he had found out when he was diesecting peapole so that he could find out more. the computers that he dose with all of these things . the devise all have all of the soft ware on these little electronic codes that help if distiguise between which faces that the person makes when they are happy fear and other. with having this kind of tech we can do amazing things like figger out who is going to freak out and kill somone or somthing elses that is crazy when peapole go crazy for som odd reasone. this will prpobly save somone life in the long run with this kind of tech that is avalible that we are able to use. with it will give you facial feedback when ever you are using the device that has this program on it that you are able to use with it . these are my reasone for all of theses things.