you may have heard of the new driverless cars! you may heard all the cool technology it has and how you will be the coolest if you have it. but even if you will be the coolest will you be the safest? that is the real question you should be asking yourself. my personal opinion on these high tech. driverless cars is that it should not be the next big thing in the world. i say that these cars are no doubt cool but i still would not buy one and put my life in risk. i keep saying how these cars are not safe and i believe that because you never know when the car will just start messing up and put you and everyone around you in danger. all technology messes up and has glitches every now and then so who is to say these cars wont. even though the company says the driver still will not be able to text and call. i know for a fact people will. people will think that the car has everything under control when that is truly not the case and they will stop paying attention to their surroundings. we need cars that people have to take control of and pay attention so they will stay aware and off their phones. also if you fall asleep at the wheel it says that the seat will vibrate but if you are a heavy sleeper of if you were just extremely tired who is to say that vibration will wake you up in time before crashing? also i believe people would get extremely bored just sitting there and having the car do all the work for them pretty much. even though it says you have to keep your hands on the wheel you are still not steering you are just holding the wheel to let the car know you are still in the car and paying attention. these companies are saying that safety is their main concern but i just dont believe that is the case sadly. never knowing if when the car may mess up is just down right scary. i just strongly believe these cars should not be on the roads. i believe they should just stay at car shows and be looked at but never driven. another thing in paragraph  it states that  traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver. i totally agree with them it is important that a alert person is behind the wheel controlling a automobile. these traffic laws make it illegal in some states to test self driven cars. in conclusion i just stongly believe we should just stick to driving the cars ourself. we include technology so much in our daily lives already. is it really necassary to have cars that can control themselves? not it is not. all the reasons i listed above are really could questions you and the people who make these cars ask themselves.