the mona lisa is an old painting. painted in the s during the italian rennisance by the renowned artist, mathmetician, and architech leonardo da vinci. so what does an old painting have to do with the current age of modern technology and industry, it makes a good test run for a new advacement in computer tech. in this day and age technology has gone leaps and bounds beyond what was possible, such as be able to read and caculate the emotions which could be useful considering the fact that it works on the face of a painting. how we caculate the emtions on a face is rather simple when we are given the six base emtions. a base of six emtions is good to work with and the author states that ,eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadnessand then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial musclesdalto . from these six emtions and reading the facial expressions we can caculate out of one hundred percent the level of emtion. it feels odd to put emotions on a scale if  to  as it raise the philisophical question if emtions can be quantified. the more interesting question is how can this computer software read mixed emtions on the face, and with that question in mind dr huang gives us this answer ,by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiecedalto . with this computer being able to read mixed emotions and caculate a number from there is a marvel. it does bear a question. what must the computer see tomread these emtions. where does this idea that we can read emotions stem from in relatin to this advancement in science. the key that opens the gate to reading emotions isnt hard to find as regular people do it everyday. in the article the author says that humans do the same caculations as the computer everyday, and then provides us with this ,for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her facedalto . most days one can look to their friend and family and see something there. when a mother smiles at her children and her children smile back it is obvious that they are happy. the same is also true when a son and father argue, as when one is angry the other is bound to follow. humans are emotional creatures and our emotions can and often drive the emotions of others. what da vinci did to impress people through his art was that he captured emotion, it can be hard to translate emotion of life to canvas however ,yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotionsdalto . art in all forms is expression and the mona lisa is an expression of the emotions of a lady capture too last or a long time. the fact that the computer can read and detect emotion in such an old painting is amazing but it does allow one to think in doubt of this new technology. what happens if someone is faking emotion to get by. insuarance of success is nice and the doctors who havemspent time and hard work want to be as efficent as possible, so it makes sense they are confidant in their software to read real and fake emotion. the doctors explain that the computer reads muscle movement, and what these movements do is ,they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced onedalto . if this is true then the efficency must be incredibly acurate. the movement of muscles in genuine emotions must be relaxed and not forced like in fake smiles. this forced smile tense the muscles in a way that makes them look different to the computer. truly facsinating as even humans could use this recongnition in small ways. the best utilization of this is pointed out when the author says ,to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthfuldalto . this is rather scary in though and yet intriguing in its own right. when people put up false fronts one has to ask why should i trust this person. a better question raised is what does this mean for people going forward. overall else this technology is intriguing and ciuld be useful to people. it could find use in court to tell if a suspect is faking emtions, it could lead to identify false fronts of politician. the uses for technology that advances foward like this, is that there is no limit to what can be done but imgination. useful, intriuging, and slightly scary, the expectations place on this device will be something for many to look foward to.