driverless cars would be a great thing to have in the future or bad thing in the futrue. it doesnt allow for many mistakes to occur because of the fact that the car is drivning itself. th only possible problems are when the driver does have to control the car, he or she will not be ready and the car will crash. however the car will not crash on its own causing less crashes and less opputunites for cars to crash. in my experience with driving, there are numerous amounts of people who cannot drive properly, this will limit the amout of driving the person actually has to do, causing less problems to occur. however the price of the car and all of it gadgets is a serious issue. it is to assume most people cannot afford something that high tech. i think this will cause more problems in the aspect of drinking and driving because people will see it as they arent driving so it is okay, when in relaity it is not okay. i see driverless cars be a horrible idea in the future becasue all the senors needed for the car to work, and the lawsuit issues with the driver or manufactuer problem. all of the senors needed for the car to work can be an issue. what happens if one of the senors malfunctions and doesnt work, what happens to the car. the car most likely will either not work and become a regular car. positionestimaitng senots on the left rear wheel, a rotating mirror, four automotive rada senors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. the most improtant bt of technology in this system is teh spinning senor on the roof, dubbed lidar. these are just the beginning of the senors needed for the car to work. the likeihood of something breaking is high and the price to repair that one piece will mostly likely be high as well. if the dubbed lidar wasnt to work then the car wouldnt be able ot preform properly, and cause more accidents, injurys, and even deaths then what is currently happening today. the complacations betweem whose at fault, the dirver or the manufactuer, as well as the legal state of the car in states, is a serious problems that the driverless car cannot, for the most part control. in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. it isnt even legal in most states to practice this car. obviously the car isnt the safest as of right now, in   years maybe, but now in present times no. also whose is at fault if someone is to crash, the driver or the manufacturers. the driver is preconcevied to beleive that the car drives on its own, so they wont brother ot even try to drive the car properly. however the manufacturer feel as though they were warnerd so its the drivers fault. hosently the whole situation is confusing, but one way to solve the problem is the elimante the cause of the problems, the driverless car. i see driverless cars be a horrible idea in the future becasue all the senors needed for the car to work, and the lawsuit issues with the driver or manufactuer problem. there are too many problems still witht he car, that is not to say that inthe future maybe, but i just dont see it happening. the idea seems like a good idea but it is just something cannot be carried out properly, and that is the number one problem with the car. i would like to see the car be successful but i just wont happen, with some serious steps taken. once the car is fully driverless and no work by the driver is needed then the car will be successfull but until then it will not work.