life goes on without cars.rosenthal.there are many advantages of limiting car usage. two advantages to limiting car usage is it reduces smog and it helps with greenhouse gas emission. to start of with limiting car usage helps with the reduction of smog. to illustrate,in the text paris bans driving due to smogduffer the city of paris decides to put a ban on drivingon monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine .the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day.duffer . this ban was put to good use by some but others still did not follow with the ban about , people were fined. people will still find away to break a ban or regulation that is put out . this just shows how many motorists are actually out on the streets of paris but still a good number of people went through with the ban. many people did participate inthis ban,it helps reduce the smog that is desperatley needed in this city. to further illustrate , in the text carfree day is spinning into a big hot in bogota. selsky. bogota, columbia decides to put into place a carfree day to reduce smog. violators faced  fines.selsky . also like the ban in paris this ban was put out to help with the cities problem with smog. in a capital city of over  million and people trying to get to work and on with there day of course there would be a problem with smog. the smog can cause many problems with the enviroment and health of the people in that community,especially in a city with a hot climate like colombia. also two other cities joined in this car free day cali and valledupar. in both of these stories the ban  limit on the usage of cars is for the one problem that many big cities face like paris, botoga , beijing and many moresmog. to continue , limiting car usage also helps with greenhouse gas emission. for example, in the text in german suburb, life goes on without carsrosenthal one of the reasons that vauban, germany decided to become a carfree suburb  is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduc greenhouse gas emission from tailpipes...rosenthal . passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emission in europerosenthal  by having this city in germany go carfree its going to help that  percent of greenhouse gas emisssion go down. also, with that many cars in vauban the enviroment is healthier which makes the people in that city healthier more stress free. another example is in the text  the end of car culture.rosenthal. with less americans buying cars and driving less  president obamas ambitious goals to curb the greenhouse gas emissionrosenthal  is beginning to happen. the greenhouse gas emission will be reaching a decline with the miles that people are driving going down. if the driving rates continue to go down and obamas goal to reduce the greenhouse gas emission in the u.s. will go down and the country would not be responsible for up to  percent greenhouse gas emission in some parts of heavily populated car areas in the united states. limiting the usage of cars can help with greenhouse gas emission. in conclusion, there are many advantages to limiting the usage of cars. two advantages to limiting the usage of cars is it reduces smog and it helps with greenhouse gas emission. having a limit on car usage helps with the well being a the community.