in this article the author talks about how nasa took pictures in  of a rock formation on mars that happened to look like a face. in the article they bring up reasons to believe that is is a natural rock formation instead of an alien, yet there are still people who believe that it is an alien. in the article when the author starts talking about the face on mars they give many reasons as to why the face is a natural landform. one way you know that the face is a natural landform is because  years after the original picture was taken nasa went back and took newer pictures that showed that it looked as if it was just a big boulder on mars. in the article it states, and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos.... revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. this shows that the face was just one or a couple of years, but it went away and is now shown as a flat rock surface. another way you know that it is a natural landform is because in the article it says that when the original nasa picture was taken they captioned it saying that it was a rock formation. in the article it says, nasas viking  spacecraft was circling the planet, snapping photos of possible landing sites for its sister ship viking , when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face....a few days later nasa unveiled the image for all to see. the caption noted a huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head. this explains that even though the people at nasa also thought that it looked like a face they still said that it was just a rock formation that happened to look like a human face. there are many more reason to believe that the face is a natural landform and there are really no reasons why someone should believe that the face is still on mars, but we arent getting good enough pictures. in the article it mentions a lot that the face on mar is just a landform and that even though people have come to believe that it was an alien they really should believe that it is a landform because there are so many more reasons to belive that.