i believe that we should leave the world of driverless cars alone. i think there will be too many problems with the cars in the future. for example, what if theres a glitch or other problem with the car while someone is driving the car and injures somebody. whose at fault for the accident? if we move forward in the process of creating driverless cars its going to cost a lot of money for the project. they would have to come up with the money to buy the car, the cameras, the computers, the gps, etc. it would cost a ton of money. not to mention all the labor costs, and what about the roads? they would have to find a way for the car to drive on the road. doing anything to the roads would be bad enough. how much money do people want to spend just trying to make a car that drives itself. we would spend all that money and then the car would have too many problems. roads are being made and taken up all the time. to make this car they would have to find a way to make the roads to where the car could drive on them and then find a way for the car to recognize where those roads are. what are they going to use so the car can find the correct roads that are safe to drive on? that is definetly something that they would need to figure out. another problem is what are they going to do with all the other peoples cars that dont drive themselves after they do all this work just to make a driverless car? are the roads still going to be able to be driven on by old cars that arent driverless? i think that there are too many questions that need to be answered before we even consider making a car that drives itself. if we do create a completely driverless car, how much will it cost? they wouldve spent propably thousands if not millions on the car, so how much would it cost? if they make the car, i think it would be one of those things where only certain people could get it because it would cost so much. just for them to break even on the car they would propably have to sell it for a ton of money. i believe that we should not move forward in the project to build a driverless car. there are too many quesions that need to be answered. they would have to find many different way for the car to work, like the roads, gpss, the computers in the cars. there is to many things for them to work out. i dont think the world is ready yet for driverless cars. maybe in the next fifty to a hundered years or so, but not yet. the world just isnt ready for it yet in my opinion.