my position on driverless cars have a very negatice impact on it. i have a strong opinion on why i think driverless cars are very dangerous and a waste of money or time. it requires lots of skills and time for it to become somewhat of a driverless car, even with it needing a human behind the wheel just incase something goes wrong or the driverless car doesnt know how to react to it. the driverless car i think personally, is a very outrageous idea to even begin to think or waste any sort of knowledge on it. starting off that the driverless car hasnt fully became self sufficent on its own. in parargraph  it states, google cars arent truly driverless. so why call it driverless when it still needs help of a human to get it through issues and hard tasks. it also states that the car still needs help with dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. dont you think humans would be parnoid or get bored of always having to wait for the car to let them know its their time to take control to take over. how would humans stay focused on the road at all time when the car is doing somewhat of the whole job. in paragraph  it says  considering putting cameras to watch the drivers are ramining focused on the road, but do you realy think that will have a healthy and safe out come? no. coming on to how much money it will take to put these skills and fixing up the issues for these driverless cars. starting off how will you get people or maily the goverement to helo you out with these risky cars.the cares require many sensors according to paragraph . they need sensors for many things on the car and in the car for it fuction properly and effectivly. they need them for brakes, roating sensor on the roof, a video camera in the near and back mirros, a gps, ect... many sensors just for the car to take off. that right now is big bucks that maybe isnt worth it, when its not even mangable byitself. but if you havet thought of it yet, the roads and highways still need sensors for the cars to pick up on what they need to do. and what if they dony work? was it just a waste of money? it also states in paragrapgh  that  required massive upgrades to exsisting roads, something that was simply to expensive to be practical. now coming in with thw law. law basing off the cars off if they are safe enough for people and for their surroundings. it states in paragrapgh  that onlt safe car has a human driver in control at all times. so why put people lives in danger just to test out a driverless car. also states  most states its illgeal to even to test computerdriven cars. they are still trying to figure out if these cars are even relibly safe for people to even get in them or the cover on their laiblity. who will they balme when someone gets majorly hurt over a driverless car?  driver or manufacturer. at the end of the day, i think personally that driverless cars are just a waste of time. a waste of a discussion with all the negative consiqunes that these cars can cause. i dont think these cars deserve to still have a chance to continue to progress in the future or have a chance to develop. these cars arent meant for people to be driver themselves or family on an everyday life.