driverless cars are not something that we need invinted. the only reason people would want driverless cars invented is becasue theyre lazy and dont want to drive themselves. we are able to drive our cars we have now, drivers ed classes will have to undergo new information to teach, and people who already know how to drive a regualr car will have to learn all the new ways that are avaliable to oporate the cars. it will waste a lot more time and money when driverless cars come out. there is nothing wrong with the cars we have now. we are fully capable of driving cars ourselves. its a lot more accurate and safe if humans oporate vehicles and not technology. what if an accident occurs when the car is opporating itself? do we blame the car since it was the one driving or the person behind the wheel because they could have taken over? a lot of lawsuits and money could come from accidents with driverless cars. if we stay with regular cars we wont have to worry about wether to blame the car or the person behind the wheel. drivers ed classes will have to be taught differently than they are now. teachers will have to take the time to learn new material they have to inform everyone on that are taking the classes. and the classes will probably be a lot more expensive since youll still have to learn things they teach now plus all the new information with driverless cars. people will be less likely to take drivers ed because of the cost rising. so there is less moeny being taken in by the school that offers the class and less fully educated drivers on the road opporating vehicles. people who already know how to drive the cars we have now will have to learn the new laws of driverless cars and how the road ways will be different. itll be a lot of unnecessary time take away from them just to learn something we dont absolutly need to know. and itll probably cost them more money in some way by learning these new regulations brought on by driverless cars. driverlesss cars are a waste of thought and technology. they will just make us more dependent on technology and cause us to be more lazy. were alright with driving the cars we have now, drivers ed classes will have to change to fit what is needed to be taught with the new cars, and people who have already learned how to drive will have to waste time learning new things about driverless cars.