in the article about driverless cars, it talks about how driverless cars can help people. but can they? driverless cars can be very dangerous in some ways. people can fall asleep just as easily as driving a normal car. they fall asleep in these driverless cars because they think oh its in control, i can snooze for a bit. when no, you cant. you have to be alert at all times. in paragraphs  it talks about how authorities and the law are getting involved with these driverless cars ideas. if the law doesnt approve of the driverless cars ideas its beacuse they are aware of the people and children walking across the streets or crossing roads. if the driver in the driverless car isnt paying attention to the pedestrians, the car might not stop in time for the driver to take control. driverless cars do have benefits though. it does help alert the driver with any dangers up ahead or construction up ahead and has the driver take the wheel. but like what is said before, there are still some issues. driverless cars cannot navigate on its own, you have to steer and be in control at all times if you want to get somewhere. the car isnt knight rider. we still have to pay attention to the car and its surroundings and one day, it might be too late, and you crash because you couldnt get ahold of the wheel because the car wouldnt shift it to you. in paragraphs  it talks about sensors in the cars, which is a good thing, but they could malfunction and then youre messed up from then on. the sensors help to alert the driver with anything that is out of its control. but it still cant navigate and that isnt very helpful, now is it? these are reasons the cars can be dangerous. so in conclusion, driverless cars arent all that great. they still have faults and could easily malfunction and then you dont have any control over the car anymore. these cars are not safe for anyone, and a drunk driver could easily take advantage of that. no car is going to be perfect, itll still have dents and scratches in the long run and just like any other, it willeventually crash. drivers need to be aware of these cons instead of focussing on the pros. because no car will be perfect nor will it fully develop to drive on its own. its not a living thing, its a machine for transport. try focussing on what could go bad, before you get behind that driverless car and find out in the long run. are driverless cars really driverless? think about it before you buy one.