this new technology would be valuable reading students emtionals because we can tell how they feeling, can help them out in class and when you like a certain ad. this are reason how the new technology could be valuable in class for students. the first way it would be valuable for the students in the classroom by telling how the students are feeling. when we look at our friends face we can tell if they are sad, mad, happy etc. with the new technology it can tell use what emotiones they are really happening. for example the author states the software can identify mixed emotiones. the technology can tell us if we should go talk to them, leave them alone and try to give them advice. this is one way how the technology would be valuable in the students in the classroom. the second way it would be valuable students of the classroom by it can tell if students need help. when teachers teach they dont know if students are getting the lesson. with the new technology a classroom computer could send an alert if the student not getting the lesson. for example the author states a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this well help teachers if they need to change there plans for the lesson or say it in a different way so the student wont be confused. this is the second way the technology could be valuable because help teachers know if students getting the information down. the last way the new technology would be valuable for students in the classroom is by seeing if someone likes a certain ad on the computer. in the article the author states  when a ad pops up and you smile it could send similar ads but when you frown it send a different one. so when a video game ad pop up the student good like that ad and go to website. this well help because the computer well know certains ads you like and dislike. this is the last way the technology can be valuable for students in the classroom because the computer well recognize what ads student like. this are three ways the technology could be valuable to students in the classroom because it could tell how students are feeling, how students could be help and what ads do students like.