families all over the world use cars on a daily basis. cars help us get to places faster and in a more convinient way. using cars eventually comes to a point were the enviroment can no longer take much of the diesel fuel, therefore car usage should be limited because its releases toxic gas to the enviroment, more excercise would be done, and more bicycles would be put to use. limiting car usage would not only help people, but it would help the enviroment too. first of all, toxic gas is released into the enviroment due to the burning fuels released by the exhaust pipe in a car. according to robert duffer, paris typically has more smog than other european capitals...last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found this shows how cars produce so much smog it harms the human beings lungs when inhaledsource . also as stated by elisabeth rosenthal, passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emission in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united statessouce . this represents how much burned diesel gas we are brething in instead of oxygen. there is a  in  chance that you will breathe in diesel fuels instead of oxygen, in the areas of high concentrated cars. therefore, more excercise would be done by people who limit their car time. scince more bikes would be used the entire body is in motion ion other to get from one destination to another. usage of bikes would also help prevent the leading cause of death in america, obessity. new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do a proliferation of carsharing programs across the nation these new inventions keep the united states busy and keep them from using cars, a busy city such a new york, would benefit more from the usage of bikes, trains, skateboards and skates because if not it could end up like paris, a city full of smogsource . bicycles are a great way to get around easily, parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewaalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping districs have cropped out, this excerpt explains how society has improved the conditions for bicyclist and skaters. the fixing of sidewalks helps bikers stay on a safe and smooth path to their destination. the excercises produced will help the body stay in shape and healthy. to conclude, limiting car usage is something all people should be aware of. if we limit car usage, the enviroment would not be as harmed by burned fuels, people would excercise more, be more active and stay healthy, and finally more bikes would be put into a good use. limiting car usage is a great idea and would bring more reasources and needed thinbgs to the community.