the president is our leader. and you dont want some people picking who your next leader is gonna be. i think we should change to the popular vote because in the electoral college you dont get to vote for your president and its unfair to voters. how do we know who were voting for if we vote for somebody else to vote for us. just let the people vote for who they want. in the electoral college you dont vote for the president, you vote for somebody to vote for you. what if he decides to pick the other competitor? you wouldnt know. in the popular vote you get to vote yourself. bradford plumer says under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. source , paragraph  i wouldnt want somebody voting for me. id rather do it by the popular vote and vote myself. its not even fair for the people. its not fair at all. even bradford plumer agrees with me. he says its official the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. source , paragraph  he also says ...the electoral college is unfair to voters. because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning... source , paragraph  thats not fair at all. they only go to states they know theyre going to win. some people may say that they trust the slate of electors. richard a. posner says ...each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee and that trust is rarely betrayed... they rarely betray the presidents votes. it really does matter if its just once in a while because when they betray the votes that prsident has to stay for four years. i wouldnt trust them with my vote. they could betray them just like that. and we could be stuck with the wrong prsident that nobody wanted. i wouldnt trust the electoral college. i would trust in my own vote. im not going to let someone else vote for me. they might pick the wrong president. its just not fair to the people, to give there vote to someone else. this goverment is by the people for the people. by the people. that means we should vote oursleves. not give our vote to some people that can turn their back on you in a heartbeat.