venus is a plant that we want to to see how it is. how it can be a other plant like earth but there good thing and bad thing about venus. like in the article it say  earths is twin closer to venus and the earth in terms of density and size. yes, we know that it is close to us but we want to see hoe venus is how does it feel when you are on venus. how does it feel ,see, even tonch.we want to know that we want to know that venus ca be a other earth. it been a decades seen a spaceship try to get to venus but they couldnt something havppen to the spaceship when they try. the atmophere over on venus is  percent of carbon dixide but sometime if you have a lot of carbon dixide it can make you sick.amd the atmoosheric is  time greater then our. plus venus have the hottest surface temperature of any plant of our solar system.long ago venus was covered up with water but now there not the much is left from it. in the nasa national aeronnautics and space adiminstration at one point in time they seen human to study. vens but it didnt let them land beacuse there was something wrong of the air on venus. that venus atmosphere wasnt good you couldnt go out of the spaceship.that the scientist seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand of venus of how risk was it. nasa was working to make a ther spaceship to go but they made a smice to of venus. to see what they need to make the spaceship better to last long then day.they want to study venus to see there a other plant in it.there was this other project that they waws useing this technology calle mechanical computers. they think that will work they want to try but in s those devices were frist envisiond. just a imgine of a cell phone that was meating tin by comparison . the peopel who trying to study venus so we can have a other plant to go to. it will take time to study it and see how it is or what wrong with it but human really think it is a plants from the other. they will find a other plant but the bad about venus its like in the middle but we can find a way to make it a place for human can live at.