technology has helped numerous people throughout time. the works of a facial action coding system could help with a great deal of situations. they could help students that do online schooling with being taught a different way. it could let people know what kind of mood someone is in without talking to them. facial coding is another way for technology to assist everyday life. facial action coding should be used. online schooling could become even better. people often go to school with a teacher so when they are confused the teacher can work with them. if computers can have this kind of facial recognition then the teacher would be able to see when you are confused. the text states,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. students can sometimes be worried about asking questions and looking stupid this gives them a chance to still learn the material but not be worried. people will be able to tell when someone is upset. occasionally, when working for a resturant and getting someones order a hostile customer might walk up and it will be unknown they are in a mood until talking to them while with a coding system preparing for an angry customer is eaier. friends will be able to know what kid of feelings are going on around you. people sometimes lie about their emotions to everyone but this will be a way even if someone is lying it will know. people who are suicidal will be easier to keep an eye on. when someone is sad and depressed research has shown that they can keep it bottled up and no one will know until it is too late but this technology can help prevent that. technology increases in everyones life everyday. it is meant to make our lives easier. being able to see someones feeling from a screen will make talking to someone better. the use of tchnology has increased so much that having something that can tell emotion might help with the people around us to not feel so weird to talk someone. the way that it can help your mood was said that,if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. ads can be annoying when looking at something interesting but if you have an ad about something that is important to you then you are more liekly to enjoy the web page you are already on and potentially make another purchase. facial action coding should be used. the facts have backed up howit will postively affect people and their lives. teachers will be able to teach and reach the maximum amount of learning. people can tell what kind of mood someone is in and choose how they should talk. technology is so advanced that it will be useful in getting conversations started. there is nothing wrong with wanting to see how someone is feeling and what kind of mood they are in.