autonomous cars are making a statement who wouldnt want to benefit from a selfdriving car? autonomous cars can really change the way of everyday transportation however, this can also be a bad thing. changing a part of our daily lives could really be a hassle, but a selfdriving car could help in so many different ways. safety is a key issue here, but autonomous cars are built with safety as the first thing in mind. techonology and engineering are key to these cars, and weve reached a point in time where almost anything is possible. i am for the development of autonomous cars. however, i believe they should still require human skills to be driven. technology fails at times, so thats why i am more for semiautonomous cars. humans are capable of so much intelligence, and with modern day technology advancing, semiautonomous cars can really assist us in our day to day lives. if autonomous cars are a success, there should be restrictions regarding our safety and the safety of others. safety is a major concern with cars. with normal cars, there have been times where a car company has had to recall certain vehicles with unnoticed, longterm issues. with autonomous cars, car crashes are nonexistent. according to the article, their googles cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash... car crashes are one of the most awful experiences a person could go through. they are life threatening and killer. car crashes could leave a person in fear of driving or simply sitting in a car. not one person should have to go through that. its not easy going through one with car crashes being minimalized to nothing with autonomous cars, the roads are safer for everyone. since technology is improving, autonomous cars are looking better than ever. the technology included in a driverless car is very possible however, it has not yet happened. semiautonomous cars have been a success  they allow easier driving with just as much awareness. semiautonomous and autonomous cars have the ability to save thousands of lives every year, maybe millions. cars are built for a persons safety on the road  autonomous cars are no different. in conclusion, i am for autonomous cars. without a doubt, i trust the idea of semiautonomous cars more than autonomous cars, however. there are pros and cons to an autonomous car, but an enormous pro of autonomous cars includes the major concern of safety. according to the article, not one crash has happened with independently driving cars. car crashes are life threatening, and not easy to go through. this is why i am for autonomous cars. more lives can be saved everyday, every month, every year.