mercedes, bmw, jaguar, and audi. what do these car companies have in common? less people are intrested in them, limiting car usage in certain places has lead to the popularity and need of owning a car decrease. which so that there are advantages to limiting car usage such as less polution and less traffic. to begin, limiting car usage can lessen the amount of pollution in the air. pollution is a topic used when hybrid cars are being talked and how they use less gas and pollute less but what about no pollution at all. how can we stop pollution? by no longer needing cars because passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. elizabeth rosenthal paragraph . fifty percent in the u.s. of greenhouse gas that is outrageous. as americans we need to see that the greenhouse gases are causing all the global warming and animals becoming extinct because the enviroment around them is changing in ways they arent used to. limiting greenhouse gases is a must if pollution one day is going to stop. also, limiting car use can benefit getting rid of the amount of useless gases in our atmosphere. as humans we need oxygen to live but in our atmosphere we currnetly have less then twenty percent of oxygen. we breathe in nitrogen, hydrogen, carbon dioxide, etc. in order to get rid of one or two of these gasses we need to limit the car use because limiting car use will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions. elizabeth rosenthal paragraph . cars make up so much of our gas emissions which is a huge reason to why the air is so mixed with many different gasses that our body just dosent need, and so much smog and air pollution that is heating everything up and killing our planet that we currently inhabit. unless we have colonies on jupiter and mars it seems like we are only killing ourselves. to continue, limiting car usage can help lower the amount of traffic on the street. when diriving people always get mad when there is traffic or if they are caught in rush hour, why not just say getting to my job is a two minute drive i should just walk. plus traffic can cause accidents wether its someone in a hurry, or road rage, or just a complete accident, they happen. france at one point banned even number licence plate cars from driving on certain days and odd number licence plate cars on another to limit pollution, but one intresting stat from when they put the restrictions in place congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. robert duffer paragraph . traffic down sixty percent in such a large city which also has to help the tourist who dont have to wait so long for their taxi driver to get to the eiffel tower. having traffic down such a huge percentage is an enourmous thing to have in a large area like that because an accident in that city can ruin a lot of peoples days so limiting car usage can help in that situation. also, every year in cloumbia they have a day without cars to limit pollution and to encourage everyone to get out more and to walk and run around in the city of bogota which is the city in which the day is held. columbia limiting there use even if its once a year is great where rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic. andrew selsky paragrah . limiting car use for one day a year even helps for one day of traffic where rush hours have very little traffic where the only people on the road are the people who dont want to follow the day with no cars. having the little bit of traffic extremely helps tourist and people who have to use cabs to get around the city to go to work. to conclude, major car companies like bmw and jaguar need to watch out because not only is the popularity in cars not as high anymore, the need for them might be just as low because of countries stepping in and limiting car use to help lower the amount of pollution and traffic as they are helping to make the world a better place.