accoriding to some theories, there is more than  solar system, and each one of them contains plants, and in the studies of all these solar system and planets rotation around a sun, there are  plants which are aike, venus and earth, and them being unique makes it worth to study about. venus, is one of the brightest point of light in the sky, and the second planet from the sun. it is also referred as earths twin. according to the author,humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this coulddraped world. each previous mission is unnamed, and for good reason, since no spcaecraft survived the landing for more than a few housrs, even though this happend the narional aeronautic and space admisitration has been compelling ideas for sending humans to study venus, and make it possible for them to come backe. venus has a different enviorment as earth more hotter and more more pressure, which also makes it hard to survive on it, but it still has some feautres that are analogous to those on earth. the plant is just like earth, with rocky sediments, valleys and mountain.the nasa has been working on projects, like looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers, which were envisioned in the s, and were used during world war ii. nasa and other scientist are woking really hard, so that we could recall the venus, can sometimes be our nearest option and also we can be safe and survive there too. the author believes that we should not be scared or have limits to our thoughts becuase of danger and doubts, but we should expand to meet the very edge of our imagination and innovation. studying more about venus is worth it, if we have any problems on earth, we always know that have anothe option, we could move too other plants like the venus. by studying more about veus, we could help nasa to achieve they goal of landing on venus safely and making some machines that could last long enough to contribute meaningful to our knowledge of venus by groing through and bearing the heat and air temperature of the venus.