driverless cars are a sign of laziness, driving is one thing that i believe drivers should have to do. individuals can not have everything handed down to them, driveless cars should not be legal. the cars would be in better control of us than we are with them! cars that do not have to be driven by humans should not be allowed, every car that is seen on the road should have to have a driver behind the wheel at all times, not just sometimes but all of the time. the law focuses on keeping drivers safe most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. the law of driving has to be safe for individuals to make it to their destinations, if the car companies put driveless cars out on the road that could be a risky move. cars are meant to have drivers behind the wheel at all time. in many states it is illegal to even to test computerdriven cars. i agree with it being illegal one hundred percent, if it is illegal to even test driverless cars in some states then it should be illegal in all states as well, the roads will continue to be a lot safer without the cars that have drivers not focused on the wheel. there could be so many problems with the driverless cars automakers are continuing their work on the assumpton that the problems ahead will be solved. computer driven cars could have so many problems, there are so many what ifs. the cars computer system could stop working which then could shut the whole car down, you would then have a car that is not fuctionable, which is not safe for you or other individuals traveling. we used to not have the technology to even be able to do this back in  the sensors werent there, the computers werent there, and the mapping wasnt there. individual had gotten by without the driverless cars so i think we could get by too. the need of having cars that do all the work for us is a sign of laziness and i do not agree with it. the models of these cars are also using destracting technologies, because individuals will become bored while waiting to drive, it would be a challenge to sit and wait to drive while your car is doing all the work. dr werner huber, a bmw project manager states we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way, some manufactures hope to do that by bringing in car entertaiment and information systems that use heads up displays. even though these displays can shut of instantly when and if the driver needs to take over makes it even more risky. these designs are meant to entertain you while you sit and wait for your turn, but they are really just new destractful ways for the road. driving is already dangerous, but adding new entertainment devices make the roads even more dangerous. if an individual is in the middle of being entertained they arent just going to quit what they are doing which could cause an accident that didnt have to occur. now while the driver watches the road or is attempting to watch, the car will aslo watch the driver, using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. drivers could become more destracted, focusing more on the camera and what is tapping rather then the watching the road, which could also cause an accident that isnt neccessary. driverless cars are not a good idea, they will cause limitless destractions that will just make the roads more dangerous. our cars that we control are better off than the automobiles that we dont. cars are meant to have a controler and with the driverless cars the car would be controlling us. lets not cause more of a risk for drivers then what there already is, safety is important and with these cars safety is not guranteed.