the face on mars is just a natural mesa or buttle on mars. it was not made by aliens or anything else, although it may seem in likeness to a human face. i know for a fact that the mesa is not a martian carving, it is too much like a mesa. the first image of it cannot be trusted, the linses are ancient compared to todays photography lenses. although you would like to belive in the mesa, it is not clear enough to be seen in the lenses as what it really is and all that makes it look like a face are two holes and two hills. the lense from the satelite that tooks the first picture was foggy and unable to clearly make out the complete image in great detail, as someone without their glasses could easily mistake another animal for their pet. they then got new, beter quality lenses and could make out the image better. they saw the mesa for what it was, a natural rock formation, weathered by time. it was an easy mistake for the old camera, along with the distance to make the mesa out wrong. the new technology was able to provide a much clearer image of the mesa and that it was not a face. you may say that nasa faked the photo, hiding life on mars, though they have no reason to hide it. they could only benifit from a discovery such as life on another planet. it may even be found habitable to humans, given some time and oxygen. we may gain our own technology advancement through trade with the other race. nasa has no reason to hide the existance of aliens or to fake the photo, they would gain nothing. erosion has done much to help the mesa look as it does now, shaping the land to its liking. it could have easily made the hills and caves on the mesa, also, the sun cauld have been at just the right angle, shadowing the caves. erosion is a long process and is always going on. the face is just a happening of erosion. that is probably how the facr formed. in conclusion, the face on mars is little more than erosion, sunlights shadows and a bad camera. that is all it is and can be, nasa would have no reason to hide it as anything else. the conspiracy theories are just mad beliefs of crazy people who think the world is against them. the discovery of a new race would be quite amazing, though. there would possibly be so much we could gain from the knowlege they might have.