when fossil fuels are burned up it causes severe harm to the atmoshpere and is harzadous to society and everything around us . there are many disadvantages and advantages for using any type of veichle and burning up fossil fuels . cars can take you wherever you desire faster than any other type of land transportation but in the process of traveling in your car, your car is in the action of burning fossil fuels that later on will turn into harmful gas which hurts the enviroment around us . recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, drving less and getting fewer licenses each year . every year we should decrease the amount of cars being used because excessive car usage can be a big hit to the atmoshpere and your wallet . there are more advantages of limiting car usage than disadvantages because humans dont really need cars to naviagte their way in life. excessive amount of car usage can be really harmful as well to the people driving on the streets . there are likely more accidents if the population of cars on the streets increase because if one tiny crash occurs and the streets are over popluated that one tiny crash can now become a huge crash with the other vechiles around it . cold nights in france and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions and due to this lots of smog was created and the roadways were shut down to its lack of vision , this couldve been provoked if diesel fuel wasnt over used in france. limiting car usage is a great factor because there so if it happens , less car accidents will occcur , the action of global warming will decrease , money being spent on gas will decrease and our atmoshphere wouldnt be all gassed up with burned fossil fuels . many people also suggested that everyone should cut down the car usage and all the fossil fuels being burned up because it causes lots of stress , heidrun walker is a mother of two and a media trainer stated when i had a car i was always tense . im much happier this way. as a result to walkers statement , many people agree with her because when you have a car you have to worry about buying gas and what if you dont have money for gas, what if you dont make it on time and you need to go pick up your child , there are so many what ifs and problems when having a car . when not having a car you can save up lots money in your bank account , you can take care of the atmoshpere by not burning and using up fossil fuels and you can decrease the percentage of you getting into a severe car accident . limiting car usage brings alot of advantages to yourself and everyone around you and also some disadvantges . many people can benefit from not having or limit the car usage because it can save you lots of money and take care the enviroment your living in . there are many solutions to get somewhere rather than using a car that when using fossil fuels to harm the atmosphere it raise the percentage of global warming . limiting car usage can help save the planet , cause less deaths around the world , save money , reduce the percentage of global warming and allow living things to breath oxygen and not harmful gasses that can hurt the respiratory system .