fellow citizens, i would like to talk about the advantages to the incipient idea of limited car usage. limited car usage is the limitation of cars used in a certain area, however, the limitations all depends on the area. some places in the world completely ban cars, in which you would need to pay a fine in order to even keep your car, much less drive it. other places simply have limitations on a particular days, in whish on those days if you drive a car you may or may not be fined. the main advantage of limited car usage, is that it can reduce pollution in an area. also limited car usage, although not obvious, can also help reduce car crashes. if there is one major problem in the world that has yet to be solved, it is the amount of pollution, smog, and greenhouse gases that has accumilated throughout the earth limited car usage, however, can help reduce that problem. according to robert duffer, paris enforced a partial driving ban when days of nearrecord pollution occured. last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found.....the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday duffer. also in bogota, colombia, they have carfree days which help reduce air pollution.  its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution , said buisinessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. selsky. also, citizins of limited car usage areas do not seem to mind and even enjoy not having a car, for example heidrun walter from vauban, germany, states when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way rosenthal. as shown by evidence, citizens agree that limited car usage not only helps the places overall environment but also the earths environment, and some citizens of limited car usage areas do not even seem to mind it. in addition, limited car usage can also reduce fatal car crashes. although this second advantage is not as major as the first, in some perspectives, it is still important. limited car usage seems to be linked to less people driving, as i infered by this evidence there has been a large drop in the percentage of  to yearolds getting a license.....a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and  rosenthal. with less people driving less fatal car crashes are bound to happen due to the fact that less people are driving. although i may not be right, i feel as though two or more people bumping into each other while walking is not nearly as fatal as two or more cars bumping into each other. in total, although limited car usage may not seem to have many advantages, the few that it does have are detramental. limited car usage has the advantages of not only helping the environment, but also helping or maybe even saving citizens from fatal car crashes throughout the world.