the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computer to identify human emotions by letting know people detect exactly how other people are feeling without being tell about it. it had been created a new software to develop the knowledge of the emotions of others. although, new applications of thisgeneration can calculate math homework. the monalisa has been used for this discovery, dr. paul eckman is the creator of facs, also they uses a computer to created d model of the face basics emotions. first, the author describe how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computer to identify human emotions by a computer. this portrays that the technology has been update to let people have more knowledge about this new era. the monalisa has been used for this discovery. the text says shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. this show us that by just looking at their face we cant notice all this emotions on this paint of leonardo da vincis. second, the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computer to identify human emotions just by looking at their normal face. this shows how the technology have been update upon all this year, every year that pass, more discovery are treaten at the world. dr. paul eckman is the creator of the facs. the text says  eckman has classified six basic emotions happines, suprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. this means that the new discovery of dr. paul eckman can identify  basic emotions. third, the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions by showing people thier emotion in only one picture of them. this new technology shows how people can have their knowlegde in this topic withot being an expert. to do this discovery they uses computer to created a d model of the face basics emotions. the text says  the process begins when the computer construcs a d computer model of the face all  muscles in the model must move like human muscles. this means that all the  emotions are associated with each charactheristic movements of the facil muscles. in conclusion, the facial action coding system is usesfull to know the characteristic movement of the facial muscles.