to most, driverless cars sound like a thing of the future. something that could never be introduced now, with the technology we have currently. but to a select few people at google and major car companies, driverless cars are an idea that has been around a long time, and will hopefully stay around a long time in to the future. driverless cars may sound cool, but the risks, danger, and cost outweigh the positive attributes the idea has. driverless cars are vehicles that can operate on the road without a human controlling them. this idea has been around for a while, and throughout the years different companies and scientists have been experimenting with these types of vehicles. so far, these cars have only been able to drive on thier own on specific conditions. google has had driverless cars since , but these vehicles were only able to operate with no driver on specfic roadways. they werent able to turn on to driveways or work through traffic without a driver. the amount of research it would take to make a car that could operate fully on its own would be staggering. the amoutnt of money would be outrageous. there cant be a wellfunctioning driverless car that can operate on ordinary roadways unless there is a large budget and research fund, two things that are very hard to come by in our economy. researchers have begun to figure out that the way to improve driverless cars may not lie in the car itself, it may lie in the roadways. in the late s, general motors experimented with a driverless car that ran on a special track embedded with electrical cables. these cables sent radio signals to a reciever on the front of the car and had the power to control the vehicle. since then, smarter roads have been tested many times, and they have worked well. but, these roads would be extremely expensive and to put electrical cables in all roadways would take a large amount of time. without smart roads as a main option, companies have been forced to go back to the car and attempt to make changes to better the functions of the car and the safety without spending too much money. this has proved almost impossible. bmw has announced development of a car that has special touch sensors so that the vehicle can steer, accelerate, and brake by themselves, but notify the driver when the road requires human skills. other companies have followed suit, putting special sensors that allow the car to do some things on its own, but alert the driver whenever they are needed. none of these developments are truly driverless cars, but they are going in the more modern direction. but, these cars do have a downside. if a driver did get hurt while using one of these vehicles, who would be to blame? the car company or the person in the car? technically the person is supposed to be ready to drive at any time, but any accident could also be the cars fault. the safety danger and these complications with the law overshadow the convience of the touch sensors in these cars. driverless cars seem like a convienent and modern alternative to regular cars. but in reality, the money it would take to implement smart roads or make a better functioning driverless car is outrageous. the risk of danger and not knowing who is at fault in a crash are also factors that prove that regular cars are the better option. driverless cars may be the better option someday in the future when our technology improves, but these special vehicles are not the right choice now.