exploring venus some people think that we should explore venus because venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size and the closest in distance too. some people call it the evening star, and is one of the brightest point in the night and even a simple person stargazer can spot it. also, in our solar system venus is the second planet from our sun. since, venus is simple to see from the distant and safe it has proved to be a very challenging place to examine more closely. earth, venus, and mars is our other planetary neighbor, and orbits the sun at different speeds.the difference in speed mean it that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. venus is sometimes closer in space terms humans hace sent multiple spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. scientists are even discussing further visits to its surface. astronomers are amazed by venus because it has once been the mos earthlike planet in our solar system. while ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and may have supported various forms of life.to this day venus still has some features that are probably analogous to those on earth. venus has a surface of rocky sediment and includes famaliar features such as valleys, mountains,and craters. nasa is planning on working in other ways to study venus in parapgraph it states there ideas  for exmple some simplified electroncis made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condition.also they have another idea of using old technology in parapgraph   another project is looking back to an old technology called computers these devices were first envisoned in the s and played an important role the s during world war two. the thrill challenges by venus has value not only the insight to be gained on the plante itself but also human curiosity. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of the density and size and some people call it the evening star and brightest in the night sky. scientist want to explore on venus and have curiosity whats on the planet venus .also scientist have other ways to explore and find out about the planet venus.