ever wonder what is like if every one stop using their cars? imagine how the world would be now. the earth would be clean, we dont have to be worring about the air pollution no more. many countries are eliminating cars and making people walk to work, school and the mall or somewhere else. in vauban, germany every one has given up their cars, the streert parking, parking lot, and garages are forbidden. almost everyone goes walking or they ride their bicycle. vauban is a carfree city. many people sold their cars to move in vauban, so that they can live peacefuly and not be so stress over a car. cause of this idea almost every country is starting to do this. this will help the world to be a better place. in paris,france, they have ban driving due to smog. paris has been recording the pollution and they have realize that it got out of controlled. people who drives motocycle they would be fined, they would have to pay . almost , drivers were fined according to the agency. car traffic when down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. diesel fuel makes up  percent of vehicles in france. paris has more smog that any other european capitals. scientists have found that paris had  micrograms of particulate matter, that is the highest compared to london and brussels. now the smog had cleared enough because of the carfree. in bogota,colmbia, carfree day is spinning into a big hit. people that live in colombia hike,bike,skate or take buses due to the carfree. it has been three years that colombia have been doing these. they banned cars except buses and taxis in the capital city of  million people. their goal is to remove smog and to promote alternative transportation. colombians that dont not participate and use their car will get fined and they would have to pay . carlos artura plaza says its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower pollution. he rides his twoseated bike with his wife every day when they have carfree day. other cities from colombia decide to participate on this event. this campaign had started in the mids, over  miles of biclyce paths have been created. in recent studies, americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes. last yera a study was found that young people driving has decreased  percent between  and . in usa there has been a large drop in percentage of  to  years olds getting a license. in other states like new york, they have a program that you get to share bikes. if other countries satrt doing the carfree day campaign it will help the earth, there wouldnt be no more smog and air pollution.