have you ever wanted to join the seagoing cowboys program? well let me tell you why you should. we have lots of fun things fo you do to, and more for you to explore. the seagoing cowboys program is a fun club were you go on long trips across the ocean to deliver things to the army. in this program, we have lots of fun things to do, and lots of things to explore. in my past years of being in this program, i have traveled across many oceans and have been able to see china and more. this program allows you to travel the seas and see things across the world that you though you would have never seen before. this program has many fun things to do. while you are on the sea, you can play many games including dodgeball, basebal, tennis, boxing, and many more. me and my friend always played these games in the empty pens that held all the animals that we brought to the army. going on these trips allows you to have some free time to yourself, and travel around the world. spending time with your crew mates can teach you things you never knew about them, and become closer friends. the seagoing cowboys program will allow you to travel around the world and explore places that you have always dreamed of seeing. these trips include, italy, china, florida, and much more. i have been working here for  years and each year i get to see new places. during these trips, you get to care for horses and much more animals. although traveling on sea can lead to many pros and cons, its a very fun expirememnt that i think you need to try. joing this program was one of the best things that i have ever done. it has allowed me to meet new people, and explore places that i thought i would have never seen before. why dont you try it? i promise it will be the best thing you have ever done. trust me, i though i was going to have this job until i found a better one, but no. i hope you can trust me, and be sure to think about it. this is why you should joing the seagoing cowboys program. we have lots of fun things to do, and much more for you to explore. i hope to see you here next year.