so you think that aliens created the face that is on mars? that is funny, there hasnt been any sign of aliens found yet anywhere. the shape made is most likely a cowensidence. it is also made up from shadows that are on the planet. if you look in the article unmasking the face on mars it will tell some of the facts that are givin in the paragraph above. my team at nasa were deffinitly in shock,we had thought that it looked like a egytion head. we observed it for a minit and then laughed it off. but like i said before it is an elosion and it was just shadows that were on the planet. i am guessing that some of the featers are also from craters on the planet. im going to take a shot in the dark and say that you most likely thought it was from aleins becuase you have seen it on tv and you have to beleave every thing on telivision. well what about this,the weather man said it was supposed to be rainy out side and was going to have a temperture of  degrees,well it is bright out side and  degrees. are you seing my point now? the movie you might see might have something that seems to be very full of facts and might seem real but anyone can do that but still lie. some people said neal armstrong was fake and a set up on telivisoin,just for show you might say. but we have evidence ulike you. we have photo graphs and things that came off of the planet. dont you dare try to argue with someone that knows what they are talking about and has worked in this kind of inviroment. you might not beleave it but you have to learn things from the past that happened at the station and things that have been descovered,so that you dont think that you found something new but in reality you are trying to do reaserch on something from long ago. now tell me again why you think a fictional character would have made a face on a planet. ohh yes thats wright becuase you can sit on a coach and beleave some shiny screen tryed telling you. now does that mean you really think you think something like big foot also egsist. does that mean that you saw that movie planet of the apes and thought that there might be a planet that apes rule a world and have humans work for them. you seem like a bit of a fool if you think that,that would be true. come on use a bit of common since and past knowledge. didnt you ever pay attention in school?