often times i go to seventh period looking at my classmates and see only blank expressions. like me, theyre tired after an enitire day. it is difficult to tell how they are feeling and what are they thinking. i am positive that my teacher struggles with the same issues. she often says things simiilar to use the next  minutes to get  or  problems done. i dont blame her for the classs lack of enthusiasm. but now shift to the middle of the day, where people have the most energy. mixed emotions appear, as well as mixed facial expressions. how can a teacher effectively teach if heshe is unclear what students are thinking? in nick daltos making mona lisa smile, dalto discusses using technological advancements in facial recognition to detect exactly how people are feeling. if a classroom uses technologically assisted facial recognition, one would see the following three benefits to a learning environment more focused education, increased collaboration with students, and creating a safer learning environment. in making mona lisa smile, dalto cites dr. thomas huang, a professor at the university of illinois. dr. huang predicts that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. in the first case where a student becomes confused, the teacher now knows what concepts the student is struggling with. this is a major advantage to the traditional school setting. in many of my past experiences helping fellow students, i have found it beneficial to know more about the student. i could relate better to the student, and better predict what could be a possible weakness. with a computer more accurately assting the teacher, the teacher can better address the weaknesses of the class or student. since the primary goal of the educator is to educate to prepare students for the future, a computer assisted classroom would benefit the teacher in spotting weaknesses. in the latter example where the student becomes bored, a computer would spot a student who is not paying attention. the teacher, who often teaches a class of over  students cannot detect a bored face as easily. by focusing on a student who has mentally shut down, the teacher could potentially take disciplinary action, or quickly wake up the student such that the student misses less material that was taught. in both cases, a computer assisted classroom would bring a more focused education to students. dr. huang goes on to predict that the computer could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this would relate back to the first example made. by creating a more focused curriculum, teachers can collaborate better with students. it is rarely possible, perhaps even impossible, to teach a class without proper collaboration and communication between teacher and student. by collaborating with students on a more individualized level, the student receives help and education directed at hisher needs. i look back at my personal experiences, where i have needed help on one particular topic. for example, there was a point in my ap physics class that i needed a detailed explanation of a topic, and i stayed after class to talk with my teacher specifically. such a computer assisted classroom could help teachers and students alike receive better collaboration, further leading to a better education. finally, it is necessary to note the main point of daltos work. his main argument is that computers can help understand the way humans feel. additionally, a computer can carry out raw calculations millions of times faster than humans can. with the recent events involving gun violence in ohio, kentucky, and florida, it is critical to ensure the safety of the students. at my school, staff now glance over each student entering the building, looking for possible weapons. if a computer assisted school patrolled the doors looking for signs of anxiety, anger, depression, or any emotion that may show signs of intent to harm, a faster response could be delivered before any event occurs. for a long duration of time, the columbine shooters had displayed emotions of intent to harm. if columbine high school was assisted with this type of computer technology, perhaps the threats would have been neutralized before fifteen lives were lost. with the help of a speedy computer scanning through hundreds of emotions every day, it would better protect students attending that school. this would contribute to a safer learning environment for students, which further presses the need for this technology in schools, especially in todays society. to wrap things up, it ought to be clear that this new facial recognition technology has many benefits to schools. perhaps the only disadvantage would be the cost however the benefits clearly outweigh the cost. nick daltos article discussed the techniques of using such a technology, and these techniques benefit the school setting greatly. after analyzing the examples presented, such technology used in schools would provide more focused education, increased collaboration with students, and a safer learning environment, all of which are advantage to schools seeking to provide the best education for the future generation.