the world of technology is changing everyday thanks to scientist around the world. these scientist create new ways of live and helping. scientist have now created a technology called the facial action coding system which enables people to find out what emotions others have. people are debating on whether or not we shout use this facial system and i believe we should, here are my reasons on why. the facial expresions for each emotion are universal, according to professor dr. thomas huang, of the beckman institute. what he mean is that there are a lot of emotions in this world and several expressions can be used for the same emotion. if were using the same expression for several different emotions how will we know how someone feels. with the new emotio software we can tell what emotions or mixed emotions someone has. this would be helpful in a classroom because a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. if a computer can recognize that then it could help can the lesson into something more effective for students. some students arent going to come right out and admit theyre bored or confused, they sit in the chairs the whole class period not admitting to either of those emotions. if we had computers that can recognize emotions then there would be no students sitting in class dumbfounded or bored out of their minds. there has been many times where students zoned out because they were too bored to pay attention to the teacher. not many teachers can tell when a student is bored unless they zone out of a disscusion or presentation. so if we had facial systems then we could have a computer readjust the disscusion to make it more entertain. we could also find out if someone is bored or confused ourselves by if theres a fake sideways smile or if our frontalis pars lateralis muscle raises our eyebrows paragraph two, showing our confusion. the world could make a difference in the classroom if we got the facial action coding system in all classrooms. no more confused students, no more being bored. this is why i believe having facial reading technology in the classroom would be of value for many people.