the reseacher believes that this planet can have a human life for our feature and even though the planet is dangerous there is still hope that it can help us to survive more. and the planet they are talking about is venus. the reason why venus can be dangerous is because human sent numerous spacecraft to venus, but none of them was able to touch the planet and they been doing this for three decades. this atmosphere is almost  percent of carbon dioxide. and also on the planet surface the temperature average is over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than our own planet. this condition are far more extreme than anything human experience on earth. venus is the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. the reseacher cannot take a sample of rock, gas, or anything else from the planet because it can be effective. but despite the danger there are other great thing about venus such as venus is the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus has these surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and crater. and also venus is very close to earth. many researcher are working on innovation that would allow machines to last long enough to contribute to the knowledge of venus. the nasa has an idea for sending a human to study venus because if the spacecraft wont land there safely then they would have to send a human over the planet. on the surface of venus would allow scientists to this vehcle hovering  or maybe more miles in the landscape. its just like a jet airplanes traveling at a higher attitude to fly over many storms anf wouls avoid the unfriendly ground coniditions. on the surfaces the temperature woukd still be toasty at around  degrees. but the air pressure would be close to a sea level on earth. the solar power would be plentiful and radiation would not exceed earth level, but survivable for humans. the nasa is working on the electronic that is made of silicon carbide and it was tested in a chamber on the surface and it haved lasted for three weeks. the nasa is using old technology called mechanical computer and this device was used for the world war ll. but this device can be used for calculation by using gears and lever, so it can require electronics. in my conclusion, i think that venus can be a great place for the human to lives just by reading this article it shows me that there are ways to make the planet venus as a better place. even though there are danger in the planet reseacher are trying to find out if it can be a life long planet.