everyone has heard of the planet callled venus. which is the second planet from the sun and it is also famous for the beauty it has which other planets dont. for that reasons many researchers have tried to study venus but none have accomplished to do so. the challenges the scientists face might means to end their life but its worth it. the planet venus, which is also known as our planet earths twin is the closest to us yet far. it once was like our planet earth, mostly might have been covered with water but as time passed by it became rocky which shows the features of valley, moutains, and craters. according to the article, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valley, mountains, and craters. the researchers have failed stay long in the planet to study it due to the temperatures, which is over  degrees and atmospheric pressure it has. the suface of the planet is so hot that it is like volcanoes erupting, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes which make the people who wants to study the planet unable to enter the planet safely. the national aeronautics and space administrations nasa is looking for ways to study the planet. the nasa has an idea to send humans to study the planet venus by looking for a good conditions on the surface of venus which will allowed them to study the surface of it. it might not be easy for them but at least they will be able to survive. it would be hard for them to take things from the planet such as rock, gas, or other things as a sample to study so they would have to take the risk. it is worth for them to study the planet venus because it has value and they can gain the planet. also they will know what it is to be like in the planet. the article stated,  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidation endeavors. taking the risk to study the planet might means that they can finally know what it is like tobe in there in venus and see things in there as well as bringing it into our planet earth. it is worth taking the risk.