did you know that the planet venus has a lot of earth like similarities? well in the story the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author supports this idea giving factual evidence one being,venus is somewhat referred to as earths twin, venus has a dangerous climate and dosent have the resources needed for our living conditions, and not a single spaceship has been to venus in more than three decades. first of all, venus is somewhat referred to as earths twin. in paragraph two the author explains one way of how venus and earth are the same. the author states  venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size,and occasionally the closest in distance too. in this way the author is implying the physical features are similar. the author also states that  today, venus still has some features that are analogous to earth. like mountains, rocky sediment, and even valleys. even though venus has the same physical features as earth its not the same as the things we need in order to live. in addition, venus has a dangerous climate and dosent have the resources needed for our living conditions. in paragraph three the author gives a description of the conditions on venus. the author states that  a thick atmosphere of almost ninetyseven percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. this here states that if humans were to travel to venus they would not be able to survive because venuss atmosphere is different from earth. not only that but the author also states that  on the planets surface, tmeperatures average over eighthundred degrees farenheit. with that being said these living conditions are to extreme for humans to encounter because the pressure is ninety times greater than what humans expeirence on our own planet. finally, not a single spaceship has been to venus in more than three decades. in the text it says such an enviornment would liquify an metals with this being said everybody know spaceships are made of metal and that is why no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. the text also states that  numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation of being a challenging planet for humans to study,despite its proximity to us. in the end scientists are working to find better ways to advance in their technology and spacecraft to be able to continue their journey on venus. in conclusion the author suggests that studying venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. because venus is somewhat referred to as earths twin, venus has a dangerous climate and dosent have the resources needed for our living conditions, and not a single spaceship has been to venus in more than three decades. with these pieces of supporting evidence this explains the authors purpose in explaining why venus is a worthy pursuit despit the dangers it presents.