when a student is confused in school they are supposed to raise their hand. its been taught that way since day one. whether that is followed or not is hard to say. some students are scared to raise their hand however, as they grow older and mature, they seem to find more courage to ask questions which is the way it has always been taught. students generally make faces when they are confused, that can be beneficial to the teacher if theyre paying attention. a recent computer software has been developed by professor thomas haung that indicates peoples emotions. it was used on the mona lisa to get every percent of each emotion on her face. it was suggested that this software be put in schools to benefit students. however, this innovation should not be put into schools because of the varying ages of kids, how much it would actually be used, and the convienence of the schools budget and space in the classrooms. this computer software that can tell every percent of what emotion on your face is a very fascinating concept but is not the most convienent for preschool and elementary students. in the article making mona lisa smile it was said a classroom computer could recognize confusion or boredom from the students and then in which change the lesson for a more beneficial class para . if this were to be put in place into an younger classroom it could be misleading. younger kids have spunky behavior as their minds are still maturing and developing. they might find the software fun and amusing and make many facial expressions which would alter their lesson plan in class unaccordingly. others may argue that little kids could possibly get bored of doing that every day and eventually calm down about it so then it would be useful. though you never know when a little kid could find something fun again, its just that easy and would then again rise to misleading lesson plans for the young students. if this technology was put in a highschool classroom where students minds have better matured and developed it would be more successful. however, there would need to be a computer for every student and not all schools can provide that. some students may even find it uncomfortbale to have their expressions and themselves being watched and analyzed all day. as a result of knowing they are being recognized as confused, they could easily act and prevent their expression from giving that result or not even use them. people can already do the work of this software, friends can tell how youre feeling based on your facial expression para . also mentioned in making mono lisa smile people use their knowledge to tell whether a politician or celebrity is faking a smile or being truthful para , again proving that people can already do what this software is, just not as precise with numbers. on the other hand, if these computers were installed in schools and became a regular thing, then it could eventually be excepted by students and they would actually use the software to their benefit. teachers would find this innovation helpful. they could argue that not all students express if they trully understand material or not. if they had this software it would accurately show them the truth about their students. but students could still refuse to use it which would lead teachers back to square one. maybe even before a students first day of school they were taught to raise their hand if they had something to say, its normal. so let students do that because the computer software that tells every percent of every expression someone is having is unecessary to have in a school because of the varying ages of kids, how much it would actually be used, and the convienence of the schools budget and space in the classrooms.