interplanetary exploration is a modern day project that scientists are making quick progress on. scientists are fed up with staying on earth and the natural human instinct for craving new knowledge drives them to explore where no man has gone before. scientists have tried numerous times to study earths sister planet, venus, but have failed and coming back with no new knowledge about the planet. with recent ideas and new innovations, scientists have carefully and thoroughly thought about every possible danger and how to counteract it. this might cause the possibility of sending humans to venus. one of the main reasons we could explore venus, is that it is refferred to as earths twin for many reasons. venus is roughly the same size and density of earth. with venuss orbit in relation to earth, venus is often our closest planetary neighbor. venus also boasts many similiarities that earth has. venus has numerous mountains, valleys, and craters, just like earth. also, earth grew and supported many forms of life with the existence of water and oceans. scientists have found evidence of water being found on venuss surface which is a good sign. both planets also contain clouds over their landscape. but venuss clouds are much different to earths clouds, containing sulfuric acid and carbon dioxide, poisonous to humans. this challenge has driven scientists for years to come up with new or use existing products to be able to study venus. the atmosphere of venus has proven to be very hazardous to metal, melting tin and other metals within hours. scientists have come up with a new metal called silicon carbide, which has pproven to last upo to three weeks in venuss conditons. but this is not all scientists have come up with though, using mechanical computers, they are able to do many calculations that are very difficult for humans to do on their own. these computers were used in world war ii using no electronics, but rather a series of gears and levers to do what they needed to do. this has proven that scientists are capable of overcoming even the most challenging of tasks. using this new and old technology, they are trying to come up with machines or instruments to be able to study the ground from their new aircraft. with the harsh conditions of venuss ground and atmosphere, scientists are not able to get a machine to land on the surface of the planet without it breaking or melting, causing them to think of another approach to study venus. with the idea of how jet passenger planes fly over storms to avoid danger, they took that concept to venus and will try to create an aircraft that will hover or fly thirty miles above the surface to avoid the danger of venuss clouds. flying at an altitude of thirty miles will replicate many condtions found on earth, such as the sea level atmospheric pressure, earths radiations, and wind speeds. this will increase the safety of these missions by a substantial amount. these new concept will aid in the exploration of new planets. scientists are humans that have a natural crave for new knowledge. we have tried interplanetary exploration for numerous years, but with little ot no success. but with modern day technology and ideas of the past, we have come up with ways to overcome challenges often brought with space navigation. we have come up with silicon carbide, a material capable of overcoming the conditions brought venuss atmosphere. venus is earths twin, boasting many similiarities between the two. with science quickly progressing with no end in sight, we will inevitably go to another planet, whether nature tries to stop us or not. we will improvise, adapt, and overcome many challenges brought with space navigation.