the idea of driverless cars is an incredibly hot topic at the moment. although it may have some downsides, they are out weighed by the good. becuase of this the idea of driverless cars is a good one. as a matter of fact this idea has and is already being tested. the year of the driverless car may be arriving sooner than you think. driverless cars have already became some what of a reality. many different companies have been working on different ways to make cars that could drive independently. however, they have all either been to costly or the ability to actually make it work the way the car was designed may have been out of reach. but google has been able to find a way to work around these problems. google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . these cars are in actually able to drive by themselves but they still require human drivers to take over at certain times. some may not view this as a huge acheivement but it actually really is. this allows for safer driving and it could possibly cut down on accidents arround the world. this because it would allow for human intervention in emergency sittuations. as well as a way for people to get to there destinations safer without the imediate worry of being to tired to drive or other hazardous driving conditions. while all these things are great it still has a few down sides to it. for example, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufaturer? that is why it is best that these driverless cars are not  driverless. this will give people a chance to prevent an accident if their car mualfunctions. also, some people believe that drivers may get board while wating for their turn to take over and drive when needed. some manufacturers have already answered this question. as an attempt to keep the driver from getting board, some manufacturers plan on,  bringing incar entertainment and information systames that use headsup displays. these display will be instantly turned off when the driver is need to drive. driverless cars is a very controversal topic. there are in deed a few down sides to this idea but many people are working to eliminate them. the amount of good that could come from driverless is greater than the bad.if we are able to actually work out most of the kinks about these driverless cars, then it would help to cut down on a ot of car accidents arround the world. as well as maybe even boost our technicological capablities accross the board. then who knows what could be created next.