in this article called the challenge of exploring venus. the author suggested that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author supports his idea well because there are so many dangers that can happen in venus and its a worthy pursuit, but we shouldnt be scared. some of my evidence that can support my claim is that humans will have curiosity on what will likely lead us into many eually intimidating endeavors. by what i wrote here is that us humans will like to know what is going down in venus, and how its like. also, in paragraph eight is says,our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers dn doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. i might conclude that this is trying to say that we should not be scared on the dangers of venus but we should be ready to meet the edges of imagination. another evidence that supports this idea is that nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. studying venus can lead us to the dangers that it presents, but we shouldnt be scared for so many reasons. we never knew what venus was like because in paragraph four it says that,long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. nasa wants to send humans to venus, so they can study whats it like. like i said when i was explaning the evidence for the claim about how nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. they are working on machines to last long enough up in venus, so they can see whar its like in venus. the author supports his idea well because he is talking about how we should be not be scared of venus because its dangers. we should be timid of we think of venus because we dont know what happens in venus, and us like human are so curious and think about how its like. he also talks about sending people to to venus so they can study how its like, and by doing that they also want to build machines that last long enough. then in paragraph seven it says,another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computer. the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the pressure of the atmospheric pressure is more than  time, and that is what we experience in our own planet. in conclusion these were my reason on the article called the challenge of exploring venus. on how we should not be scared what venus bring and what it has. like i said plenty of times in my essay we should only be scared on what we think and what venus revels to us through time. also, because we never knew what it was like in the days, and that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.