as you may know, the electoral college consists of  electors, which is a even number. as said in the defenseof the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing president, that even number can be a result of a tie in electoral votes, but is highly unlikely. but even then it is unfair to those who like the system, where as i oppose the votig system. like everyone, i have my reasons electoral college is a disaster factor  voters dont vote for the president, but the electors instead. to begin with my first reason, that electoral college is disaster factor as said in  the indefensible of the electorial college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong the system had a fiasco, as you may call it, back in the  election was the biggest crisis in a centuary. also in , segregationist in louisiana legislatures almost succeeded in replacing democratic electors whith electors who would oppose john f. kennedy, so that the popular vote wouldnt have gone to kennedy. what else has hepened in the s? as you may or may not know, vice president richard nixon, validated only his opponets electors. with this, the electoral college has flaws or loopholes making it a disaster factor. as for my second reason, that the electorial collge is unfair to voters. electors may not always be faithful to their party, as said in  the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defense of the system are wrong electors could vote for another canidate if they refused to vote for their partys canidate. meaning that if a voter votes for a certain elector to vote for a certain president, then their votes probably wouldnt count. also, because of the winnertakesall system, candidates do not spend time in states that the are aware that they have no chance of winning them over, but focusing on the swing states. for example, in the  campaign,  states didnt see canidates at all and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt see a single campaign ad. candidates shouldnt just avoid states that they have no chance in, but take that chance. even though the electoral college is unfair and a disaster factor, it also fair in the state department. smaller states votes area as equal as a bigger states votes, and the electorial college requires a presidental candidate to have a transreagional appeal which makes sure that a candidate doesnt just go to a ragion that he knows he will get votes from, but to others that will allow him to gain more voters. so in conclusion to my knowledge, the electoral college voting system should be changed for so that the system wouldnt be disfuntional and unfair to voters. which will make electing a president functional and fair to voters.