machines get smarter everyday. its something most of us see, but may not take into consideration. think about it. your search history, your gps destinations, even your wifi hotspots. the machines gather information about us to make our lives easier. most of the times, its a good thing. they help us by reminding us of things and let us connect to the rest of the world with just a few keystrokes. however, this facs, would have a major impact in the school system. it would be a terrible decision to implement facs into the school system. dont get me wrong, i love technology. its improved and become what many consider just a dream. it always us to do many things that we could not do physically. id go as far to say that theyre smarter than us in a few ways. they give results and they learn more and more about us. to some, thats concerning. to think that machines are secretly learning about human behavior and plotting plans to take care of the world. most dont care or dont mind. either way, people have different views on this. which brings me to my new point, implimentation of the facial action coding system in schools. the facial action coding system, or facs, is a profiler. profilers monitor how a subject works, thinks, acts, and even feels. scary, huh? put that into a school system and you may just have found treasure trove of blackmail. now, i know what some will say. this system will help us help the students, or facs will help decrease school shootings. those individuals make good points, but theres one thing you have to consider. human behavior. people dont just cough up how they feel most of the time. to have an eye watching them and judging them will only make them hate it more. it may make people feel worse off than they originally were. ill end with this. yes, the system could be beneficial, as long as its in the right hands. privacy is a critical part of peoples lives and most like it not to be broken into. to have this system in the school system would be a bad call. especially high schools. those are some seriously tough times for some, and pushing those people could result in an event. a very bad event.