the author claims that investigating venuss surface is worth our time even tho there are many dangers there, because venus at one point in time may have had simliar feature that earth does such as water, venus has similar geological traits, and venus is sometimes the closest planet to earth making venus a likely trip. scientist believe that one point in time venus had oceans on its surface along with other life forms such as vegetation and maybe alien life. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. it would be a ground breaking discovery to man kind if we were able to discover a new form of life on another planet. under venuss thick atmosphere and its giant corrosive clouds, the geological formation of venus is similar to our planet. venus has craters and mountains like we do on earth.the planet has a surface rocky of sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. with such similar features to our home planet it makes venus a likely option to send mankind to visit. during earths orbit, there are points in time were mars is the closet planet to us and other times when venus is the closest planet to us. since venus is closer to the sun it orbits faster than earth while mars is farther from the sun it has a slower orbit. since venus at points in time is the closest planet makes it a likely option to go visit. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. with venus being the closest planet at a given time makes it an ideal planet to study. i believe the author proves a valid point on why we need to travel to venus, because venus could have had really similar features to earth at one point in time, venus also has similar geological traits, and venus is sometimes the closest planet to earth. with that information given to us by the author makes the idea of studying venus a worthy pusuit despite the many dangers there are.