in this article the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, according to the passage. i will explain the reasonings and give explanations as to why he made this statement. venus is simple to see from the distant some know it as the evening star but safe vantage point of earth, it has proven very challenging place to examine more closely. often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. one of the biggest differences, is that a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus, with highly corrosive sulfuric acid clouds in venuss atmosphere. this has made it seriously challenging to do farther studies on venus. humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. according to the text, each mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more then a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more then three decades. venus can be found very dangerous and very challenging for farther studies, but yet, scientists are still discussing farther visits to it surface, because of the fascination that venus may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. according to the text, long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. furthermore, venus may be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. the trick really is, making such a mission that is both safe and scientifically productive. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in these conditions. another way scientists are trying to come about is using old technology called mechanical computers. according to the text, they were made in the s and played an important role in the s during world war . modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible,and quick, but tend to be more delicate in extreme physical conditions. unlike older technology. by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made of more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. fighting and working to overcome these challenges presented by venus has value, not only because of what we gain from the planet itself, but also because of the human curiosity will likely lead us into many eqaully intimidating challenges.