exploring venus sounds like a great idea, in despite of all the dangerous things that are out there. venus can be very dangerous but it has so much thing s that we can learn about and just makes us want it more. studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because venus is the most earthlike planet in our solar system and because even if its dangerous we still wanna know whats out there. venus is sometimes called earths twin. our planet earth and venus are very alike, earth its actually pretty close to it, sometimes were closer to venus and sometimes were closer to mars. in the article  the challange of exploring venus it says long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this quote shows how venus was like earth before, it had large amounts of oceans just like our planet earth does. oceans have a lot of living creatures in them which means that venus maybe had all of those creatures too. today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth.... has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such a valleys, mountains, and craters. this quote shows how venus and earth are alike in many features, if venus has mountains there might be animals that live in there which means that just like the oceans may have living creatures maybe humans could live in there too. but we still dont know what is in venus somethings that we do know its that venus can be very dangerous. venus can be like earth except venus can be dangerous and earth is not dangerous . in the article the author argues that venus can be very dangerous to explore, many of us have tried but the article argues that  humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world.each mission was unmaned.....no spacecraft survided the landing for more than a few hours. this quote is showing us how humans have tried to send spacecratfs but not one has come survived, venus can really be that dangerous. the author states venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system...venusian geology and weather present additional inpediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes. venus can be really dangerous for humans to actually go in there and explore it, theres too much risk but we keep on trying because we really wanna know whats out there. in conclusion we know that venus is dangerous but we still want to know about it. venus is a worthy pusuit in despite of all the danger because its like our planet earth, and we really wanna know whats out there. we should keep on trying to study it, is worth it because maybe and just maybe there could be a possibility that there might be life in venus.