are you looking for a job that fits your hobbies but cant find it? well dont worry, being a sea cowboy offers lots of jobs and opportunities, just ask me, luke bomberger. you can care for animals, have watch duty, steer the ship, and many other jobs that are needed when being a sea cowboy. just take it from me, luke bomberger one of the most famous sea cowboys in america. thanks to my stories youll know all the possible careers and benefits from being a sea cowboy. first, lets talk about some of the jobs that probably fit your interest. first of all if you want to watch animals, or nurse them back to health if they get sick then this is the job for you! normally, on just one ship there can be up to  animals. thats a lot of sea cowboys feeding, cleaning, and nursing animals. not interested you say, then you can ask for some extra watch time. everybody has to do at least one night watch per night and you could do someone elses work, while they clean animals. this job is perfect if you enjoy getting some fresh air. just dont be afraid of heights! still not the right job, then you can take over or be the captain. this job is perfect for anyone interested in being the captain of a boat, for a career. you will most likely stay high up, but you cant accidentally fall to your doom, doesnt that sound safe? now youve finally picked your career, good job! now you can look at the benefits of working as a sea cowboy. it might seem boring on the way to europe, picking up after animals that relieve themselves everywhere, but with the animals gone and the stalls empty you can play games to pass the time. you could just simply play a board game, or maybe set up a ping pong table that you had to move because the chickens kept pecking away at it. heres another benefit, while your ship is being loaded with food for the trip back you can go sight seeing! you can see the panama canal, or a castle on the island of crete. this is marvolous, even i myself am jealous of what you might get to do. you have now seen the great benefits of becoming a sea cowboy. all thats needed now is for you to sign up, be drafted and not only will america thank you, but all the people of europe will. bonjour!