limiting car usage cars seem to be a major issue of todays time. we run out of gas, cant afford to fill up our tank or have mechanichal issues. people fail to realize the major issues of today. with the abundance of cars driving today, pollution in the air is at an all time high. on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or sffer a euro fine . this is a small act that people are doing to limit the amount of cars out on the streets and polution in the air. if we had days that everyone rode their bike, or even walked to work we could have a very clean city and air. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensigying smog... in china one of the most polluted cities in the world. that statement right there goes to show if we limit ourselves to less car rides and more walking or biking, our health would increase and problems would decrease. of course you need your car to go to the grocery store or mall because you cant just ride a bike there and carry the groceries or shopping bags home but, if youre just going to visit a friend or have casual lunch you should try a different way of transportation. as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. that statement coming from an outsider who had just sold his car and moved to a carfree city goes to show that life is much better without one anyway. your daily problems of gas, mechanics and now being able to breathe outside is all coming from a vehicle. there are ways to reduce these problems so i dont understand why people are not making the move right now. the only real reason a vehicle is absolutley neccesary is if youre going on a long roadtrip. you do not need one for going down the block. there are many advantages to reducing car use. you dont have to worry about money because you dont have to spend  dollars to fill up your tank,  dollars for parking or the  dollar transmission needing to be replaced. parks and sports centers also have boomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new resturants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. everything that was just mentioned in those few sentences were positive things regarding cars being eliminated from the situation. most people these days go in there car, go to work then go straight home. if you were walking you can take many different routes and discover places that youve never been to or seen before. they have fixed all of the sidewalks and problems that you could encounter by walking and added in things to make it more joyable. again there are exceptions to the eliminating car usage. there is no way we could completley cut it off but we should defintley limit it. we dont want to completley cut off car usage but lowering the amount of it is defintley something we should do. by doing so we will be basically stressfree with financial, mechanichal and any other issues. we will be cutting off the amount of pollution in the air making the enviornment better for us and everything in it. this is something that has been an underlying problem that was wellneeded to be adressed.