the face is not a face the  dicovery of, the face has gotten its fair share of publicity throughout numerous years. this photo that was taken on nasas viking  spacecraft, as it was searching for possible landing sites. this face is nothing but a natural landfrom that happens to look like a face. there are many persuasive and factual reasons to back up the fact that there has been no alien formation on mars. first, there has been no real, hard evidence that this humanlike figure is actually a face. the article unmasking the face on mars, even says,it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. notice, it said likeness. just because one article and a hollywood movie says that this was alien created, doesnt mean it really was. also, any natural landforms can look like something it is not. have you ever looked at a rock or even a cloud and said, wow, that looks like a insert object or name! there have been plenty of instances in which something has been mistaken to be someting it is not. for example, the little dipper, as we call it, is said to look like a spoon. does that mean that there is a big, shiny spoon in the sky? of couse not, so why should we say the same about a formation of rocks on mars that happen to look like a face. lastly, nasa has even confirmed that this is just a natural rock formation. i know this because, nasa unveiled an image of this face and captioned it, huge rock formation...which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusions of eyes, nose, and mouth. so, this rocks shadows have given the illusion of a humanlike face, which leads to the assumption that there is no real face. you might be thinking, well, why did the people who discovered this even release the information if it wasnt comepletely factual. this is beacuse of the conspiracy theorists. think about it , if you would have never heard about this face on earth in books, magazines, and radio talk shows, would you have believed it? nasa is a very trustworthy and credible association and if information wasnt released until it was proven true than none of this would have happened. in conlusion, the face on earth is nothing but a myth, until there are reliable discoveries that have declared it real. since there is no evidence that there has been alien formation on earth, it is just a hoax. i hope i have given a sufficent amount of reasons to argue that the face is not a face.