for a long time, scientists and engineers have been working on developing driverless cars. although these cars could be useful, they are not safe. these driverless cars could cause many problems on the roads. scientists should stop working towards making these cars because they are unsafe for everyone. driving is dangerous enough as it is. we can not put all of our trust into a machine and expect it to keep us safe. humans can not rely on a machine because it will not have the senses and reflexes that a human has. in the article it says, these smart road systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. these cars are supposed to be able to take over for the humans driving but there is no possible way to record every road on the earth. even if that was possible, new roads are being built every single day. the system would have to update quite often for the cars to be safe and functional. people today will argue that the new cars will save fuel and money. the new driverless cars could save a lot of money. with these new cars, humans would not have to spend money on drivers training and things of that sort. the article says, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. he believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. yes, these cars could possibly save money and fuel. no, it would not be worth risking lives by using these cars. by using these cars we would be risking our lives. unpredictable things happen everyday. we never know when a pedestrian will be walking in front of our car or when a driver will suddenly slam on the breaks. a car would not be able to sense when these things are going to happen. we as humans have senses to predict these things. we can not replace that with a machine. the new driverless cars are unsafe and impractical. the new driverless cars will do nothing but make our society more dangerous. scientists need to stop making these cars. they will put many lives at risk. the driverless cars will be harmful to everyone.