driverless cars are an amazing step to the future. its taking a huge leap into a new decade of technolgy. people no longer would have to worry about hazardssuch as, reckless drivers, dumb drivers, or drunk drivers. people could finally see their dreeams from their favorite televison shows or movies unfold into a vibrant new reality. driverless cars should continued because of their level of safety, making the driver more aware of their surroundings, and their advanced technology. driverless cars provide an excellent amount of saftey, at least more than people realize. without a driver in full control and leaving it up to the car to naviagte its way down streets you eliminate or reduce the risk of countless saftey hazards that are caused by people. for example, you wouldnt have to worry about driving through an intersection while somone else runs a red light and crashes into you. this is due to the cars dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating map of the cars surroundings. this makes it almost impossible for someone to crash into your or them. another saftey risk that diverless cars help reduce is weather related risks. due to the advancement of sensors they can help respond to the danger of skids, rollovers, ice, and sleet. another reason why driverless cars should be developed is because they can tend to make the driver of the car more aware than ever. a huge problem with traffic today is texting and driving. bmv annouced the idea of the traffic jam assistant which in order to even keep the car itself going the steering wheel has special touch sensors that make sure that the driver keeps their hand on the wheel at all times. driverless cars arent giving the car full control, becausethe physical driver of the car still has to drive through construction sites, around accidents, and maybe even park. this requires the driver to have to remain assertive at all times. new features from gm and google make this easier than ever by vibrating the seat, flashing lights on the windshield, or even the car annocuing the its time for the driver to take over. regular cars today dont even do half that, only bluetooth texting and calling. another reason why driverless cars should be produced is due to their advanced technology. google enabled toyta prius to use postion eleminating sensors non the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera on the review mirror, four automoive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. which takes a car to a whole new level of transportation. hands free driving couldnt be boring either, because manufactuerers are finding bold, exciting way to bring entertainment to cars such as data, wifi, dvds, and with the way tech is for these cars the options are only limitless. the world is always evolving and everchanging, and as humans we need to adapt to these rapid changes. what most people thought of the future is quickly becoming our present. driverless cars are only the first step into a new decade, a new way of life. cars today just cant simply meet the needs of tomorrow. driverless cars should be produced because of their level of safety, making the driver more aware of their surroundings, and their advanced technology.