theres always that new thing that comes out and everyone decides that since everyone else is using it that they should join onto the bandwagon. there trying to invent cars that are driverless but they still will need assistance in certain areas. there are cars now that are able to be driven with assistance and theyre perfectly fine. making these cars is a cool idea for physically disabled people who cant necessarily drive, but for people who can drive and arent physically disabled, its just laziness. i think the development of these cars isnt all that great for people who arent physically disabled. people now, are lazy and they think that since theyre coming out with cars that drive themselves, they can just be potatos and sleep while the car takes them to their destination. i, personally, dont think thats a great idea. these cars should be sold, when they get invented, to people who are physically disabled because they need more help driving than anyone else. if they make these cars, something can go seriously wrong with the car if someone bought it. people could die from these cars if they go out of control. driverless cars systems could mess up and something could go seriously wrong and the company who made that car could get sued. like it says in the passage, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since  meaning that if someone bought a car from google, and something messed up and google didnt explain the conditions to the buyer of the vehicle, google could get seriously hammered with thered money. companies would be losing millions and millions of dollars if these cars were to mess up. these cars being made should be limited to very few per state. the people of the vehicles that buy the cars should have a  year warranty on the car. if something goes wrong and it results in death or injuries, they should get all money back and the company needs to pay for funeral expenses and hospital bills. the amount of cars per state should be at most  cars but they should be spread out among the state. in conclusion, these cars should be sold to physically disabled people. people buying these cars and the vehicles going out of control could result in death and injuries. limiting the cars per state would be a good idea. basically, i think these cars shouldnt be made. if they do get made and getting sold, it should be sold to only physically disabled people.