although it seems tempting and futuristic in theory, driverless cars would be a headache legally and financially and grow americans accustomed to technology taking over everyday activities even more than it already is. there are too many details that factor into who takes the blame for a car accident. who is at fault for the accident is usually one driver or the other, and adding the vehicle to the equation as a culprit if it were to malfunction would make it that much more difficult to come to a conclusion. deciding who takes the blame and foots the bill for a car accident is already a legal and financial nightmare for those involved, and implementing driverless cars regularly would result in the car manufacturers and the drivers pointing fingers at each other and may drag out the legal process even more and put the drivers through more grief. who untimately decides who takes the blame? regular, driver required cars malfunction everyday and it is difficult even then to come to a conclusion. the passage states that new laws would be needed to cover liability in the case of a car accident involving driverless cars, which would require more funds. it seems like this is creating more problems than it is solving. modern technology tends to take over regular activities in our everyday lives, so much so that we can almost be replaced at the touch of a button. having a sense of control and manual operation is very important. its a matter of pride, and theres not much pride in having our computers do everything for us. according to the text, the cars would have features that tell us when to take over and operate the vehicle to execute a minor maneuver. the driver would need to be alert anyways. advocating for awareness on the road, only to invent something takes over all operation is a bit of a condradiction. driverless cars would only aid in the progression of an era in which man isnt really useful for much anymore. man makes technology, not the other way around. there are too many semantics and things that could go wrong with driverless cars on the road. americans should stick to cars that they fully operate to ensure safety and legal ease if something were to go wrong. growing used to technology doing everything for us is not healthy and is not something we should be proud of.