driverless cars are a negative aspect in the near future. most people buy a vehicle so they can be in control of where they are going, how fast theyre going, etc. personally i would not prefer a machine taking me places all day. driverless vehicles may have a technical difficulty which could result in an injury, or worst case scenario, a fatality. not only is it endangering the operator and surrounding individuals, but also the manufacturer due to reliabilty regulations. in reality, driverless cars is a cool topic to think about, but are they completely independent? the answer to that is no, well at least for now. driverless vehicles use a bunch of different sensors, lasers and computers to figure out which way is which and to understand their surroundings. although the programming of these smart cars remain quite complex, they still lack the ability to handle situations such as backing out of a drive way, going through construction zones, and what to do if there is an accident ahead. you might be thinking so what happens if the vehicle doesnt know what to do? if a smart vehicle doesnt know what to do in a situation, it allows you to take over, thus making driverless vehicles not completely driverless. dont worry though, the vehicle alerts you in multiple ways if there is an issue in which you need to take into consideration, such as blinking lights on the wind shield, the drivers seat vibrates and talking to you through the speakers. the vehicle only pays attention if you pay attention, they have sensors in the steering wheel to make sure you have your hands on the wheel at all times, and a camera above watches you to make sure you keep your eyes on the road. the driverless vehicle can also be very dangerous. almost one hundred percent of the time, machinescomputers have some sort of mishap or technical difficulty quite often. some may be worse than others but most of the time they always malfunction. so why would you want a possible death bound machine taking you to your everyday day errands? supposedly that is a risk people are willing to take. they should sop with the production completely and stick with the modern day transportaion. having a smart vehicle drive you around all day without having to invest any effort at all would be heaven, but it is just not possible right now. some time or another the operator will always have to take over because smart cars are unfortunately not smart enough. driverless vehicle is false advertisement. they should be titled assisted smart vehicle or something of that sort. if they are going to continue manufacturing these vehicles then they should at least keep them off of the market until they have worked out all of the flaws. driverless vehicles are a good idea, but remain a complete disgrace to the world of transportation. some people actually enojoy driving, and these machines dont allow you to do that. driverless cars also propose great dangers to everyone in them or around them. although they can be helpful to some people such as disabled individuals, we should stick with modern day transportation.