reading a students face so that robots can choose whether to change the lesson up and make it subtible for their emotions shouldnt be done. the people should learn to be taught like they always have been. it has worked well enough and we dont need robots doing jobs for us we should do it our self and leave robots to science clubs. if we start here we may find more replacements for more jobs to make us even lazier which then will drop our ability to do somethings. we shouldnt have everything go our way anyways somethings arent meant to be fully pleasurable to all people. however, this science might be used to make better video graphics for more entertainment such as television, computer science, and video games. we could use this recourse to help create better safety object, or use to make more help for the disable to maybe fix a human. if we can manipulate the face, we could try to manipulate the body. better movies could be made and maybe even cut down production cost and time. in that aspect it would be helpful to our society, perhaps it may even be able to detect lies in a person for the law enforcement to find out if someones lieing. with this we could stop wrongly prisoning someone and get the right culpret put away. these all of course are just suggestions not saying any of it could be done. the claim in paragraph  suggest that the machine can detect what exact muscles in your face are moving. which helps may claim on saying it can help a disabled person. it would all be done for the greater good of helping in a medical emergency. the medical use of this machine could most likely go on and on for a while. there are of course other use of this machine. but, using this machine for the use of helping people enjoy everything they do in life should not be one of them, its not right. school is ment to be a learning session not a thrilling session. in paragraph  it explains how the machine can detect and make a d model of the face. putting that to the use of robots to make things and also do small task could be helpful. the way all this works may all seem as one large enigma for some. but, if we incorporate this to our lives maybe we could make ourselves just a little bit smarter. make our life just a little bit easier and hopefully improve the normal way a human acts. all we have to do is kindle the small spark of the beginning of this.computer science may help our everyday life within the near future, its all just hoping it works.