people come up with calcuations everyday, if its hard or not it is a natural thing that happens. with upcoming advances in technology you are able to come up with calculations you wouldve never thought possible. an example is how a computer thats given a complex algorithm can scan somebodys emotions! its crazy to belive your computer could tell if you were happy or sad at a moments notice. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. this technology would give another view on someones feelings. for example if a kid was feeling down or lonely but didnt give off the impression than you could find out for yourself what the true feeligns of that individual is to help them if needed. shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. a computer was able to put all that information together to show how the person is feeling and revealed some other emotions going on that nobody else couldve seen. this technology will be able to find the negatives throughout kids who dont like to show it so that they can be changed by it. the process of calculating someones emotions is told out to be, the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. this tells that the computer is creating a computer modeled face that is d and contains everysingle major muscles that construct a human face. by doing this the computer can calculate, along with psychologists, movement of one or more muscles in the face which is called a action unit. the use of this technology to be able to distinguish someones inner emotions is definently a valuable thing to have throughout the classroom. this article stated multiple reasons and showed evidence on how this technology would be incredible. some could disagree and says its wrong or that it would not help anything but the possibilitys of what it could accomplish if done correctly and if the information and calculations give are fully accurate than this tehcnology would prove to be a changer in how the adults might take steps to view how a kids mind works or to how a teenage group in school could be helped if they are depressed and didnt have anybody to talk to. the kids who are sad and dont want to tell others could really get help from other people by not having to speak up and tell their emotions but their emotions could be calcualed and if it looks like the kid needs help than you can do so without either making him worse in the end or having too ask around on who has the emotion sadness.