the face alien artifact or natural landmark do you think that the  face on mars is an alien artifact or is just a natural landform on mars? well, in my own personal opinion i believe that it is a natural landform because, in  nasa went back to mars, and took  pictures to get the perfet shot. i also believe this because, landforms are common around the american west. although, some my think the picture is an alien artifact, it is not because nasa went back to mars with an even better camera and, took even more pictures of the face. first of all, i believe that the face is a natural landform because, in  nasa went back to mars, from their  expidition, to see if the conspericy theories were correct, and they werent. in the passage it says, and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the origninal viking photos. it also says, the image first appeared on a jpl wed site, revealing... a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. i used these sentences because, they prove that nasa is corret, there wasnt any alien activity. i believe that the face of mars is an natural landform because, landforms are common around the american west. the passage says, what picture actually shows is the martian equivialent ofa butte or mesa landforms are acually common around the american west. i used thi sentence because, it shows that the landform wasnt a onceinalifetime sort of thing, you see them quite offten actutally. that is also something that people who dont believe nasa never take under consideration. some people may believe that the face is an alien artifact, but in all truthfulness it is a natural landform. i say this because, in  nasa got some amazing cameras to take the best pictures that they could possibly take to prove themselves right. in the passage it says, malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. i used this because, it proves that nasa has worked really hard to get high quality photos of the face. in conclusion, i believe the face is nothing more that a natrual landmark on mars because, nasa went to mars to get more pictures, after their mission in , in . i also belive this because, landforms are common in the american west area. although, some may believe that the face is an alien artifact it is not because nasa got high qualiy photos to prove it . what do you think the face is?