in many parts of the world, cars are used on a daily basis. people use their cars everyday to get to work or any other place they go. these people should probably consider limiting their car usage. there are advantages to it and it can be beneficial. the limiting of car usage can be helpful to them and their citys environment. i think that the people should limit their car usage because it can lower air pollution and air pollution is one of the biggest problems many cities or countries in the world are facing. this is because those citizens use their cars too much and they dont limit how much they use it. on source  a businessman from bogota, columbia says that its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. in addition, citizens from every state and country should limit their car usage because they dont have to worry about traffic. these citizens should walk, take a bus or ride their bicycles to where they go. it can also save them time and avoid the trafficjam in the streets and it might help them get to their destination faster. source  says that colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a carfree day leaving the streets of the capital city eerily devoided of traffic. more over, citizens should limit using their cars because in some countries around the globe many people are cooperating and taking the advantage of limiting their car usage. in some countries from germany, there are families that do not own cars. on source  a media trainer and mother of two said that when she had a car she was always tense and now shes happy the way they are car free. in the city of paris, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the global city . the usage of cars have created smog in different countries including paris. in source  it says that motorists in paris with even numbered plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a  fine. in conclusion, people from all the countries and cities of the world should take the advantage of limiting their car usage. it can benefit them by avoiding traffic if they ride their bicycles or walk, spending money on gasoline and get to where they need to go faster. another advantage would be to avoid air pollution to the environment and city and help making it a better place by being a great and considering citizen and limit the amount of car usage.