the seagoing cowboys started shortly after world war two ended in europe. most of the countries were ruined. to help the countries, fortyfour nations joined to make unrrathe united nations relief and rehabilitation administration. the seagoing cowboys had to take care of the animals, such as horses, calfs, and mules, that were shipped overseas. luke joined the seagoing cowboys with his friend don. they arrived in new orleans on august ,. the pacific war had just ended when they got there. you should join the seagoing cowboys program because you get to see some beautiful cites, and help people. if you like animals, you should become a seagoing cowboy beause you spend all of your time with animals. if you want to serve in the military, you can be a seagoing cowboy, because luke turned eighteen before they went to greece and his draft board told him that he could just keep on being a seagoing cowboy for his service. if you like animals too, that would be a win win! if you have a lot of animals, being a seagoing cowboy would be like being at home, but at the same time being on vacation. i will say one thing, if you are allergic to any animals that you might have to take care of, dont join. if you are allergic to the food or the ingredients in the food, dont feed the animals that need to eat that food. if you cant be around it, just ask if you can have a different animal to take care of so that you can still help without having an allergic reaction. if you are a person with no pet allergies, this would be a perfect job for you. when you are on the boat, it won t be all work and no fun. luke found some time to have fun, so im pretty sure that you can have some fun too. luke said that the cowboys played some sports like baseball, volleyball, and table tennis. they could read if they wanted to just sit down, relax, and read a good book. they played some other games just to keep them busy. i would have to say that being a seagoing cowboy would be really fun. i would be able to go places and see thing that i have never seen before. i would get to help out, and i like to help. i think that they should have something like this all around the world.