can you read other poeoples emotjons? chances are you can. even if you dont think so, you make thousands of obserbvations about other peoples emotions every day. these observations are based on superficial movements in the face of whomever you are obseving. there is techninoly called facs facial action coding sysyem that can do the same thing. it has been suggested that this program should be integrated into schools to help better educate students. the ideas is that if this program can read a students emotions and realy that back to the teacher in real time, it can help the teacher educate that student in a way that is personalised to his or her emotions. i think this is an invasion of the students privacy and i do not think that this technology is appropriate in the classroom. as stated earlier, this program is a way to read peoples emotions, and wether or not that is good or bad is another discussion. focusing on education, this technology would give teachers complete access into their students minds, and it would take individuality away from the student. by not allowing the student the option to keep his or her emotions secret, you strip that student of his or her intellectual freedom. your emotions are your property and if you dont want people to know what you are thinking that is your right. by stealing the students intellectual freedom you would put that student in a very bad place both physically and emotionally. it is an invasion of the privacy of the student. not all students can be tought. some people just arent fit for school and wether or not you can read their emotions is irrelevant. some people just are not meant to be in school. if a person who is completely disengaged from school, gets their emotions read by this technology, and the teacher tries to change that students disposition towards school it could end up making the sutuation worse for that sudent, and the teacher. in conclusion, reading students emotions is not the answer to better education. a technology that can estimate the emotions of humans is a dangerous concept, and could cause anarchy if not preperly implemented and school is not the place to introduce this technology. eventually the world may be in a place where mind reading programs, and advanced technologhy may be a part of our education, but that time is far in the future.