if you want to get anywhere in life you have to find a way to get there. cars are practically a necessity in modern life you have to go to work, see family, and do other things that are miles apart. everyone needs a car or vehicle to get around but not everyone has acess to it. also cars can be death machines, yet they have to be used everyday. so enginners and technicians are attempting to find a way to make them safer and easier to use. the driveless car. cars are a responsibility, not a privilege. when you turn  you can apply for a drivers permit and then eventually get a license. there are people however that cant do this. mentally and physically disabled people arent always allowed to get a license and while i understand its for safety theyre people too. immigrants arent allowed to drive becasuse they require documentations. people with dui records arent allowed for safety reasons and for breaking the law. they have lives and have to go out and do things just like the rest of us. with driverless cars they could go do those things and get around. he envisions a future with a public tranportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. car accidents are the most common form of accidents. thousands of car accidents everyday, but that doesnt stop the use of cars because we need them. sometimes the accidents are the drivers fault but sometimes things beyond our control happen. thats why with driverless cars the road would be a much safer place. allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. it would also remove the risk of texting and driving which is a leading factor in car accidents, such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take oversomething not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. do we really need jets, sport cars, or labtops? we already have planes, cars, and desktop computers. yet we have them because they make life way easier, we as a species keep making luxuries for ourselves. houses, clothes, wagons, cars, sweets, entertainment. were not going to stop improving things. we may not need driverless cars but if we can do it then were defenitely going to do it. its human nature to want the best, and the driverless cars could improve a lot of peoples lives with its easy use and safety advanatges. cars can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. he believes such cars could change the world. driverless cars are the future. we will continue to improve and expand on previous technological feats to create near perfect feats. i believe that from its accessibility and its improvement on safety that the driverless car is the way to go. we now have the technology to do this, we just need time and more expirementation. its bound to happen.