the reason why the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is because of how interesting it is to examin when you are close to the planet itself. essentially when thinking of traveling from and beyond, we should not be limited by dangers or even the doubts of such exploration, buy we should expand and exceed to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation that comes from exploring such subtances in space. the true reason for us to examine venus is for the innovation and progress in science that comes from it and how venus is the closet planet to have identical features as earth. even if our sister planets are out of the question for examination due to dangerous conditions, astronomers are fascinated by venus since it has the potential to be the most earthlike planet in our entire solar system. the text states that, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this quote indicates that venus has similar features to what earth has therefore, venus is the nearest option when looking at planets that are similar to earth and also the consideration that we have a pretty long time frame for space travel. there arent many options for a safe and scientifically mission, so this is our best option for porductive wise for us in the space enviroment of exploring. this is one solid reason for the author to say that the trip to venus would be a worthy pursuit, but would have dangers to it, but we will be able to expand our innovation in the science world. nasa has a plan to allow scientist to go to venus with a blimplike vechile which whould hover  feet above the venusian landscape letting them examine the features of venus. the quote provides, at thirthyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. the quote indicates that the scientists may feel toasty with that  degrees of fahrenheit on them, but the pressure that is psuhed on the would be the equivalent of the sea level which is on earth. overall, these are not the easiest conditions, but it is survivable for humanss to live and stay productive in the task at hand. this is another solid reason for the scientist to travel to venus and to expand there knowledge and space innovation as well, even with hazardous conditions that are presented during there examination. by having the will and courage to travel and observe the features of this planet, which has the potential to be similar to the planet that we live on, earth, we are able to expand our thoughts and innovation of space and able to progress in our space knowledge as a whole. even though there will be dangers that are presented during the journey, you will be protected by science itself, with its blimps from nasa or the will for observation in comparing earth and venuss features. overall, it is a worthy pursuit to examine and observe the potential to be the identical planet to earth from its features.