the face on mars has to be a natural landform. my reasons for believing that is because there is no proof of aliens on mars, there is no possible way that a human built because the only thing that has gotten to mars is a bunch of probes, and even if we did have a human on mars we wouldnt have the equipment to build something like that. there are no signs of alien life so how can it be made by aliens ? the face on mars is a natural landform. in the article it says jpl web site said that it was a natural landform. that means there is no possible chance that it was built by aliens. i think the reason why the radio, hollywood, magazines, and tv said all that stuff was so that they could attention. people in the world for some reason are drawn to all that. they are drawn to the idea that there is a possible chance that we arent the only ones out here in universe. the people that did all of that most likey just wanted attention, so that can they get more views or followers. an ancient civilization on mars just wouldnt make any sense. we had ancient civilizations too, but we didnt bulid every single butte in america. natural landforms are so interesting that people just immediately think who made it and how it got there. there is no possible way that an ancient group of anything made that because there is not enough advanced technology. even if aliens did exist and they did have technology why would they waste there time on building a face on mars ? if you are saying that its not natural then thats like saying that the middle butte and snake river where made by aliens. just think for actual second about how that makes no sense because i dont go outside and see aliens trying to build a landform. even if aliens did make it then how come they arent still around or left any clues behind? did they just all of the sudden build an amazing landform and just leave? no they didnt because if you put your hard work into something you are going to stay with it as long as you can and see how it ends up later in life. if there was aliens they wouldve left something so that we would know it was them. the face on mars was not made by aliens. it says in the article that it is a natural landform. i dont believe everything that scientist say but i believe this one because it makes sense. all the proof you need is in the article and i added some things such as, how we cant find any aliens, how there are no signs of them now or even in the past, and that if they are real they wouldnt have that type of technology.