showing the students emotions is it a good idea? what if teachers could tell how your feeling? with this new software that is out, they could possibly do that. the software is called the facial action coding system, and it could tell you what your feeling at that point of time. in my opinion, if teachers had these it would not be a terrific thing. having them constantly knowing your emotions is not a good thing at all, and could make them mad, or make them very happy. in this essay, ill tell you about why i am against this device being in schools. everybody has been bored in a class before, its compleatly normal, but its in a way the teacher cant see it. students probably would not like having their teacher use the software on them, to then have the teacher mad at them for being bored, or to have the teacher worried there not doing something right. in paragraph  it explains that the facial action coding system begins when the computer constructs a d model of the face, which will include all  major muscles, so they can see how your feeling. it can classify  diffrent emotions, such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. i think that your emotions are your emotions, and that if you are feeling down or sad, that you can tell someone, not have it put down on a screen. this tool wouldnt be that valuable in school beause we are already surviving without it. you could just tell emotions from looking at a persons face, as stated in paragraph , and you could just ask them what is wrong. i dont think you should use that type of technology on the students in a highschool or elementry school because it. using this on a class of highschool students could come out with a whole lot of responces because students in highschool feel alot. i know i woudnt want to have my emotions checked on a screen. it just doesnt sound right to me. the facial action coding system is a wonderful idea, you can see peoples emotions, which is really brilliant, but i just dont think it would be good in classrooms. it could have the teacher know if your bored, if your sad, mad, or in disgust, which as a student, i know i wouldnt want my teacher to know that information about me. this device showed the gloomy looking mona lisa was feeling, which is tramendous, but i dont think it would be a good idea for students in a class room.