carfree cities gave the reader a broad perspective on the advantages of limiting car usage. the world would become a more ecofriendly and overall good place if we were to make this change happen all over the world. the passages give great reasoning to why this change should happen. limiting our usage on cars would help the enviroment completely. the amount of pollution would have a massive decrease. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced partial driving ban to clear the air. this statement comes from the passage, paris bans driving due to smog and gives an example on how having driving restrictions would make the world more healthy for the economy. using other ways for transportation could help prevent the enormous amount of pollutants in the air, like bicycles or car pooling. they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public tranportation or carpool with friends. this example shows ways we can have transportaion instead everyone individually using cars and causing more pollution. instead of driving, riding a bike or walking to the places you need to go could be a huge stress reliever. people need to go outside and get fresh air, this can happen if we decrease the use of our cars or vehicles. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. this statement was said in the passage, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota and gives a perfect example on how using diferent types of transportation can relieve ones stress and lower the pollution on the world and the economy. when no longer using so many cars, and vehicles the traffic would decrease majorly. not as many people would be driving if carpooling or using other ways of transportation like bikes. this will also make the number of wrecks or accidents go down since not as many people would be in the situation for this to happen. having less accidents would also save lots of lives, so many people die or get severly injured from car accidents and this can be a way to keep so many deaths or injuries from happening. the idea of having a carfree environment is a great plan for the future and would be a positive change for the world and the environment we live in.