do you wonder why the program is good well some resons are they help countries recover there food supplies, there animals, and more. they also take care of a lot of animals like horses and young cows. they also take care of the mules that get ship overseas. in paragraph  it states that luke was wotking two parttime jobs in a grocery stare and a bank. then his friend don invited him to go to a europe cattle boat. luke in paragraph  it says he couldnt say no. and then in paragraph  it talks abou them helping countries with there food supplies and with animals. unrra hired seagoing cowboys so they could help with the horses and mules the were shipped overseas.and then after luke and don heard about that they signed up to take a shot. then they started going out to sea. in august , they went to new orleans. and when they arrived in new orleans it was august th. did i tell you that luke turned  before they got to greece, which for him that means he could be drafted for military service. luke said that the cattle boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small town boy. he also said that helping people was the best part.and he said that he had the side benifit of seeing europe and china.he saw lots of places like italy and china and europe. they also had to cross the alintic ocean to get to china and it says in paragraph  that it toke a month to get to china.also for luke he loved taking care of the animals so that toke up most of his time during the crossing.he also helped out his aunt whenever he could get the time so he could prepared for hardwork. but not fot the dangers of the sea. even though he was working alot he still had some fun on the boat. he did fencing, boxing, reading, whittling. and games let him pass through time. he also played baseball and volleyball. and did i say that he couldnt work for a couple of days because of cracked ribs. well i just told you and he was lucky to be alive.luke even said he was lucky for the opportunity. he also said it made him more aware of other people in countrie and thier needs. he never gave up and he kept going even though sometimes it hurts.