in the article driverless cars are coming sounds very interesting, but my arugement on this is article is against it because it sounds very unsafe. what if the driverless care malfunctions and you arent paying attention and get involved in the accident? will the company of the car help you or give you another car or maybe even pay what is costed for the whole situation? probably not. its not worth making or even buying one of the driverless cars. even a car itself malfunctions. driverless cars can cost up to millions of dollars or even more. driverless cars sound like you need to get one and leave the old one. the fact that the driverless car may be really expensive is ridiculess. only famous people can afford it. maybe other weathly people can. not just anyone will be able to afford the car. any person can afford a car at least that works even if it is an old car. cars can cost lots of money when you can buy something else. many, many people want this car because you dont have to drive but when there is an alert you have to drive. also it requires a driver anyways. many people want this car because you can just get one and it will drive by itself so that person can get one his or her phone while the car is in operation itself. this is ridiculess! you dont need a car that will drive by itself so you can enjoy being on your phone. you can go home after whatever event you went to and get on your phone and enjoy it. this driverless car is not always safe because it can malfunction and cause a really bad accident and it can injure a person big time. the company may or may not help you out in this situation. why? because the company may think is your fault for not paying attention to the car for being on your phone or doing something else, when the car alert you. the car wont always operate on itself unless its monitored and controlled by someone. maybe the company is right, but technology malfunctions all the time. it is even worse when malfunction on a car. this article does sounds like it is a great idea to get a driverless car. probably anyone may get this car. i disagree for companys to make this types of cars. they should even have a law for making driverless cars that can cause an accident or injure someone. what is the whole point of making a driverless car if it still has to be monitored either way. doesnt not sound interesting or cool. it is a very dangerous idea. technology wasnt made perfect and it wont be perfect either.