depending on where you live, cars are extremely important prop to a daily life. it gets you to point a to point b, whenever, wherever. in most peoples opinion, we rely on the use of a car too much. we could easily walk to the place we are trying to get to without it costing money for gas or polluting the air. the decrease in car usage is a good change on the people and the planet. people in bogota, colombia have noticed a problem with our usage of cars and is trying to make a difference. they have a carfree day where you cant use automobiles, and if you do, you have to suffer the consiquence of a fine. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. it says in paragraph , source . if one little day of not driving can mke such a difference in the atmosphere, imagine what would happen if we spent everyday like that! the change would be mindblowing! according to source , half of greenhouse gas emissions are responsible for the smog in the united states,  percent in europe. i know what youre thinking, a life without cars??? seems impossible but people in vauban, germany do it every single day. many people are completely content with this lifestyle. when i had a car, i was always tense. i was much happier this way. said heidrun walter, a citizen of germany. people have the potion to own a car much it costs more than here in american and from source , it seems to be a bigger hassle. elisabeth rosenthal, the author of source , has two children, one  and the other one , they have to intention of getting a license. she explains how its not that big of a prioity to them, the walk wherever they need to get. people seem happier about not having a car, less stress with traffic, no road range, and everything inbetween. with less lisences becomes less accidents. source  tells us that the difference between the amount of drivers in  and the drivers in  has decreased by  percent. that is something we need to work on in america because the amount of deaths by car accidents are increasing this decade than last decade. this can be prevented by not driving and if you are, drive safely. with the decrease of car use, we can make sure that atmosphere is cleaner, more money is saved, less stress, and less deaths will be increasing.