have you ever been mistaken by the sight of something? well, thats what we have been having a problem with. people have been thinking that the face on mars is not a natural landform, but trust me, it is. we have some evidence that supports this statement very well. one of the things that really sticks out to me and really makes me believe that the face is just a natrual landform is the fact that it has occured to us that its a mesa. this might just be me, but im almost positive that a landform like that couldnt have been made from making something like a face on the surface. im sure that as its grown over time, the hills make it look like a face. if some type of alien were to make that i dont think it couldve turned into a mesa. i know the face used to be a lot clearer, and slowly turned into a mesa but i think its just the way landform grew in. the face isnt very semetrical, so im sure that if it was aliens, they wouldve been more serious about this and tried to make it more semetrical. in the article, they say that  years ago, they were looking for a place for nasas viking  spacecraft to land. so, assuming that the spacecraft landed sometime later in the future, it never saw any aliens! if they had seen aliens, i think they wouldve said something, especially after  years. i would say this situation is just like clouds. sometimes you see clouds that might look like a dog or a whale, but you dont say anyone made those! you wouldnt assume it was an alien. i would say they are clouds that just happened to float by one another that formed into a dog or a whale, depending on what the cloud actually looks like. thats usually the case, a cloud could look like a big blob, but then float next to a different one and form into something unique. that happens naturally, just like the face on mars. with all of the things i have said, i believe that my evidence and what i have pointed out will help other people know that the face is just a landform. im not saying everyone that hears my ideas about this will automatically think its a landform now, but i do think that some of them will change their minds if they think it was made by any kind of living species. there are many landforms that were made just the way they are, even if it doesnt look like it. so, yes, the face on mars is just a landform, and hopefully everyone will soon know this!