has the thought about limiting car usage not only in the united states but within the entire world ever occured to you? whether it has or hasnt there are many advantages to limiting the usage of your car. to begin with this whole idea about cutting the rate of car usage down is mainly to take away stress, lower air pollution, make cities denser and better for walking, to make suburbs more compact and accesible to public transportation, to curb green house gas emissions,etc.. as of right now in germany, an expirimental new district located on the outskirts of freiburg is now a carfree community. the only automobiles located within a rectangle square mile, are trams, busses but no cars. as a result,  percent of vauban,s families do not own cars, and  percent sold their car just to move here. elisabeth rosenthal. the basic percepts of this one expiriment are being adopted around the whole world in attempts to drastically reduce green house gas emissions from the tail pipes of cars. in paris the same thing is happening except for a different reason. paris is trying to cut down the use of cars due to the amount of smog that the diesel from the car creates. paris typically has more smog than any other european capital. robert duffer paris even enforced a partial driving ban in order to try and clear the smog from the air of the global city. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france after five days of intensifying smog. after a few weeks this ban cut down the amount of smog drastically to where the smog actually ended up moving toward beiging, china, otherwise known as the most polluted city in the world. a major crisis in bogata , colombia also drove them to create a program that is set to spread to other countries to make them aware of the harmful things pollution from a car tailpipe can do to you. so in conclusion, limiting the amount of car usage really isnt a bad thing. for one, it has more advantages than disadvantages and it is alternatively a new ideal way of life. with this you will become a healthier person, you will be less stressed out, you will eventually notice that the life you were once living as a stressed out person with a car that you believed made your life easier actually made your life a living chaos. so why wait, go ahead and adjust your life to live with a better lifestyle, and spread the word about decresing the amount of car usage so that one day the whole world can be healthier and happier too.