the topic of the story is about venus and about exploring venus because, in the reading it is giving information on the distance frome the earth and how chalenging and interesting it is for venus to be examined. i got this frome the info frome the first paragraph sentence . venus is also is the second planet frome the sun which is in paragraph  sentence . i can aonclude that venus is a pretty enteressting planet to try to explore. i think that the author thinks that venus is also an interesting planet to study because of the chalenging planets flaws i can conclude this because in paragraph  sentence  the reading states that since no space craft survived the landing for more than a few hours and that it also states that in the nd paragraph it states that the reputation of the planet is chalenging do to the proximity. i believe that most of the reason that venus is to be considered chalenging. is because of the thick atmosphere and the temprature on the planet i found this information frome p sentence  throgh  and it states that almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets and that the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acids in the planets atmosphere on venuses atmosphere and that the temprature average over  degrees fahrenhight and that the pressure being over  times greater they experienced. the planet venus have some comeparensons to the planet earth that what make planet venus worthy to explore like having features like valleys,mountainsand craters just like earth. i got this information frome p sentence  which i think why the author also think that venus would be worth studying and how interesting it would be if they could try to actualy atemtp land on venus. i think that venus would be a cool place to study because having access to better material that it can make nasa landing on venus easier and make the landing safer than before with also knew technology. i would also think that the author would be able to expireince wha venus is like and that it would be an adventure to explore venus and to discover knew things on the planet.