in the introduction, the author is describing venus and explaining how the evening star. is the nickname, but beyond that paragraph  and  wasnt explaining why you should pursuit it. however one statement that does in paragraph  is venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. meaning its not that far away to reach. yet one paragraph that is arguing with wanting to go to venus is each previous mission was unamed, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. however one statement from paragraph  that shows that they wanna go to venus is astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this paragraph also claims that venus was most likely covered with oceans and still supported different forms of life. in paragraph  though, one of the statement claims not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. stating that venuss climate and other factors made being there a pain, but again, its for sure possible. in paragraph  as well it says nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. going a little further, paragraph  just explains that to understand more about venus, that they would have to get much closer, and also describes how scientists are working on innovations that would make the tech and gear that is necessary better and able to last longer. they are doing so because they cant understand as much when they have no evidence paragraph  has no claims on how you should go to venus whatsoever, but instead it is talking about older tech used in the s. however in conclusion, in paragraph  they stated venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. another line that they used is our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubt. saying that no matter how many risks just so happen to be in venus, perhaps if we were able to get there worry free, wed come back with things we didnt know from before.