i think doing a study about venus is a good idea .the author suggests that the study of venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents . one reason peolpe want to learn more facts about venus .other reason is venus has strong features that peolpe want to learn about . the last reason is that the national aeronautics and space administration was to do a humans study about with venus . first of all, the peolpe that study the plantes want to leran more facts about venus . some scientists want see venus close up but they cant .according to the text is says scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission ot uderstand venus would need to get close and prspnal despite the risks . it aldo says that more importantly researchers cannot take samples of rocks gas or anything else form a disstance researchers want to make that happen . the researchers want to leran more facts about venus. secoundly , venus has very strong features that the researchers like . scientists can study more about there features that are on venus today . according to the text it says.today ,venus still has some features that are analogous ot those one earth .the planets has surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features. scientists can learn more about venus features . lastly, scientists want to send humans to study venus . they think it will be a good idea to send humans to study the surface even thought it can be dangers . according to the texts is says .nasa? possible solution to the hostile conditins on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. they also say the surface ,temperatures would still be toasty at around  degress . the nasas want to send humasn to venus this should prove my clams . finally, the challenges of exproing venus is a good thing . scientist want to have fun they want to learn new things . the researchers want to learn new things about venus . the want to put humans on venus so they can get more fact s they think it could be a good idea . studying venus is going to to be a worthy thing for reachers even is it might be a little dangers they can take risks .