the arts of technology. i think it is safe to say that technology has expanded over time. we live in a world where kids and even adults have technology. it is a part of our socitey now, but remember how hundreds of years ago we did not have technolgy and we did just fine? how we showed emotions throught our and nothing else and now days we have emoticans and what not? now we have a computer that reads us. how weird is that? we did not need this but now we seem to have. kids now days email their teacher in order to get help when not so long ago we had saturday school to tutor those that needed help. this computer is going to help teacher supposedly read tyhe face expression children make has they are exlaining the lesson. that way they can go back and see who makes expression of confusion and does not. this will help those kids that are to afraid to say thye need help. see a childs ego can be pretty big when it comes to their education believe it or not. a kid could be too afraid to ask for help because they have a feeling they can do it on their own. the computer target each motion the face makes or when ever a muscle is different or changes in a face. a teacherstudenet relationship is now going to followed up by a computer screen. wont be long untill the robots take over. this computer program will probably make it easy for other people to see how they feel towards one another. maybe some will like the answer and other will not. see thing about this is that maybe the computer will ditect a feeling that the person will not be sharing at all or does not want people to know about this feeling. it could be invady some privacy because this person mught be hdidng a feeling thay do not want show, this computer will read that due to the face muscles heshe will be moving. whoever reads the results of this person will find themselve in a position they will not knnow what to do. maybe this computer program is good for somethings, but in some ocasions it will not be a good source. also this computer program alterates more the usage of technolgy these days. this will make society more intense and more into technology then what it already is. people should be able to show and tell their emotions if they feel free to. not by a computer to tell them for them!