in the recent passages that i have read, i have discovered how people in germany have started the trend of not driving cars in a certain tow. this trend has sparked new flames in places like levittown and scarsdale new york. while that trend has sparked, studies have shown how many people in america have stopped driving and or buying licenses. in passage two, i learned that paris enforced a partial driving ban because of all of the air pollution. i cant blame them. with paris being one of the most beautiful cities in the world, why ruin the air around it. i do believe that paris may be one of the most visited cities in the world because of the eiffel tower. if people visit paris for a structure that tall, i know tht i wouldn want to come back with the air being as bad as it is. just think of all the people with asthma living in such polluted air. in paris, , people were fined for driving their cars,  cars were impounded for the owners reaction to the fine. in bogota, colombia, a program set out to be a national carfree day. this program was such a succes, they did it three years in a row. the obly vehicle access was taxis and buses in a capitak city of seven million. the turnout was large, despite gray clouds that occasionally dumped rain on bogota. the rain hasnt stopped people from participating says mayor anatanas mockus. surprisingly, two other colombian cities, cali and velledupar, joined the event. these people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders said enrique riera. all over america, people are starting to stop buying licenses and driving cars simply because they dont care for them. in my own opinion, i feel like americans rely on motors far too much. we have turned into a nation of laziness. but as i have read, the love affair, or couch affair, with cars is starting to crumble, just like  of marriages in america. as i have read, it appears that teenagers stopped worrying about licenses and cars simply for the fact that walking with friends is somewhat funner when it all comes down to it, cars are destroying our ozone, if cars are gone completely, people with breathing problems will be able to breath easier.