i am for the development of driverless cars. television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves. google has made cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . having driverless cars in the near future would make it a lot easier on adult drivers. the drivers would still have to be alert, but the cars would alert them at any time there is danger or at any time the drivers need to be extra careful. i agree with the development of having driverless cars. the new driverless cars have sensors. googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. automakers use speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. the driverless car still needs a driver no matter what technology they bring into the automotive systems. dr. werener huber says that they have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. some manufacturers suggested that they do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. the display could be turned off when the driver needs to take over. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature and safety is a big concern when it comes to driving. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. driverless cars wouldnt be breaking the laws by driving them around becuase driverless cars have to have a human driver in the car at all times incase something were to go wrong. the human driver would be able to fix the problem. automakers are continuing their work on solving all the problems that will need to be solved ahead of time before human drivers can start driving these cars. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . the road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us all, but we are growing closer to the destination every day. i personally agree with the making of driverless cars.