welcome my name is bianca a scientist at nasa. many of you may know about the strange face on mars, and how there are countless rumors about the famous being a natural landform or bona fide evidence of life on mars. while scientists belive and have configured it is in fact a natural landform skeptics just do not agree. however, may ,  when the photo was snapped scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, since it was common around cydonia. just this peticular one had unusual shadows that make it look like an egyptian pharaoh. when nasa uneiled the image the caption noted huge rock formation which resembles a human head formed by shadows giving illusion of facial features. they said or reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars. in fact it did! meanwhile, conspiracy theorists are just glued to the fact that they think the face is evidence to life on mars. they say its evidence that nasa would rather hide than show, but reality is us as nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars! although, few scientists believed the face was an alien artifact conspiracy theorists were driven to prove it was evidence of life. and so on april ,  michael malin and his moc or mars orbiter camera snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. when the image first appeared on a jpl web site it revealed...a natural landform. proving there was no alien monument. after all, skeptics were still drilled to the idea that it is bona fide evidence of life on mars. conspiracy theorists said perhaps the alien markings were hidden by haze. so our nasa team on april ,  the global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo! finally, after all photos were taken and examined the  pictured demonstrated that what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. much like most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. so after all the face on mars was acutally just a natural landform. all rumors have cleared the air. scientists have configured!