the face is a natural landform. first, aliens arent real. second, they dont even have that type of machinery to do it. the face was infact created by natural occurances and it appeared because of a natural disaster. therefore aliens did not create the face. aliens arent real. we have seen them on television shows and movies, but they are fake. when we talk about there could be life on mars, that doesnt mean that it is an alien, we just dont know what it is.why would aliens even create a big landform of no use, it just doesnt make any sense. an alien definately didnt create that lanform. next, the aliens would have had to use machinery inorder to shape it, which they dont have. the aliens would have to have something like a drill inorder to shape it how they want to. it is just like here on earth. unless the aliens stole our machinery, or they are really strong and they can carve it with their hand or a shovel or something, then aliens definately didnt make the landform. in , the picture looked unclear and blurry, but it looked like a face. then in , it looked less like a face, and it was still blurry. finally in , we found out that it has no characteristics of a face. the explanation for that is that either the pixels werent sharp enough to see it clearly. or it is because it was cloudy and foggy. another reason that we could have thought that is a face is because their spaceships werent as advanced as ours now and they couldnt see the landform from that far away and with how foggy it was, like the article said in paragraph . we have more advanced technology and we were capable of seeing the real truth about the landform. we have more technology inorder to get clearer picture than back then and in  it was cloudless, like the article states in paragraph . our technology is more advanced that we were able to discover the truth. also, aliens couldnt have created it because the article states that if there were any other objects in the picture, and that you would have been able to see them if they were there. if there arent like any houses or transportation there, then how would the alien survive? exactly, they wouldnt. so aliens infact couldnt have made the landform. you might try to say that we didnt create it, so it would have to be them. well you are correct. we didnt create it, but it is just like what we have here on earth. we have hurricane, tornadoes, tsunamis, and volcanic eruptions. maybe a natural disaster like that happened there. we may not have created it, but that doesnt mean that something like a natural disaster couldnt havecreates it. from natural disasters to blurry and unclear pictures. this all can explain a lot of things. like the fact that aliens arent real and maybe eroding happened and that was the only place that didnt erode so it was rose up and shaped like that. or that natural disasters can occur from time to time. just remember, when you are sitting on your couch and a story comes on about this, aliens didnt do it, a natural disaster did.