have you ever wondered how someone is feeling emotionally? do you want to know if they are feeling sad or angry, even if they are smiling? well according to professeur thomas huang of the beckman instutute for advanced science, he believes that we can detect humans emotions by a d computer model of the face by observing all of their  major muscles. still, can a computer really be able to detect human emotions just by looking at muscles. i believe that this new technology called the facial action coding system might not be what can actually detect human emotion. throughout the article, dr. huang refers to muscles for emotions so they can observe how a person is feeling. he states that your frontalis pars lateralis muscle raises your eyebrows when youre suprised para. . he also relates the orbicularis oris that tightens your lips to show anger para.. what he is saying could be true but people have the ability to control their own expressions, so if someone perfoms one of those expressions, what if they arent feeling the way they might express? another example dr. huang uses is the painting of mona lisa. the article states that according to some new computer software that could recognize emotions para.. in the article the introduction asks if the intended reader can imagine detecting how people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions intro para.. throughout the begining of the article they talk about what if you could dectect someone without even knowing how they are feeling, but as the article progresses, they mostly talk about certain muscles that move when you make a facial expression. so which one is it? can we actually detect someones emotions even if they are expressing an emotion, or can we only tell by looking at their expressions directly? what im trying to say is, at the beggining of the article they try to give it a vibe that you can detect emotion even when the person has a different expression, but then later in the article, they ask you to try to experiment by doing different expressions in the mirror by telling you how to do these expressions and saying what emotion you should be feeling. after you make those expressions they ask if doing the expression made you feel slighlty happy para.. it later states that moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them para. . this sentence says that it may help produce emotions. in other words they still might not know how you are actually feeling a certain emotion after doing an expression. this article might explain observations like in a fake smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomantic major para. , but expressions can vary on different people. not all people are the same as others. just because someone might look different when they express a emotion, doesnt mean that right away that they are expressing a different emotion. now i know some people might say how accurate technology is, but a computer is a lifeless device that maybe could detect facial expressions, but might not know the true emotion of that person. this article to me was pretty confusing. they tried to get you to believe that researchers have found a way to detect emotion, but then talk about how trying different expressions you make as a experiment show the emotion of the persons expression they made. by doing that, they make it seem like they only know how to recognize your emotion just by the certain expressions they want you to make. so can technology really detect someones emotions if they are trying to express it a different way?