cars have made a drastic impact on the world as a whole however, times are begining to change in the necessity of cars and personal trasportation. other countries, such as france, germany, and columbia has worked on reducing cars in their society. the benifets from the sucess, expensives, and health qualites have increased in the lowcar communities. accoring to bill ford, executive chairman of the ford moter company stated in paragraphs pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve rescources, lower emissions and improve safety. basically explaining that cars are not as needed and countries all over the world, inlcuding america can reduce, if not emliminate personal vechiles. in freiburg, germany, the streets of this community are carfree, show in paragraph . instead of cars they have trams to assist them in their travels. on average, a car space is , , not including the actual home. this dictrict is trying to remove the use of cars not just becasue of expenses, but also for health from smog and other possible harms. cars are quoted as cash traps from the continual expenses needed to pay in paragraph . in america, they produce up to  of gas emissions in certain locations whereas, europe only gets to about  in paragraph . america is one of the most fuel wasting countries and causing damages and polutions. in addition, their expenses of appropriationgo to about  of highways androad work and only  to other trasportations. columbia dircects day without cars, which is to alude citizens to other forms of transportation and to reduce smog in paragraph . if a person were to violate that day and use a personal vechile, heshe would be fined. the affect of this day has decresed smog, traffic, danger, and stress. communites have more connection and environment becasue of the simple reduction. plazas, shops, restaurants, sidwalks, and bicycle trails have been upgraded for the citizens to enjoy due to less cars. these countries may increase health from the consistant walking and apprearance of the environment. in conclusion, by limiting car usage, citizens expensives, enviroment, and health are benifited as shown in these articles. expenses will be converted to other aspects within the community, like the style in columbia with upgrades on the society. smog, gasses, and other safety health factors will decreses from a reduction in cars. overall, the reduction in cars will be benifical of society around the world.