a driverless car is a great idea in many ways but its not as realistic as most people think. there are so many things that can go wrong for a driverless car. the problems that would come along with driverless cars are why its not a great idea after all. its true that there are alot of positives about a driverless car but there are also alot of negatives. one thing that comes to mind exteremely fast is software. just like our cell phones a driverless car is going to need new updates. it the car does not get the updates it needs its not going to run as smoothly and as safely as it needs to. you have to look at it in the eyes that is not a car, its a computer. sure cars have computers now but a driverless car is going to be on a much larger scale, it would be hard to even consider it a car. a driverless car would be alot better for the environment but would it be alot better for people? just think of how much money a driverless car would cost. middle and lower class people are not going to afford driving these cars. in the article it states that a driverless car would be alot better on gas than normal cars. that doesnt mean that the car is going to be cheaper than a normal car. another thing you need to look at is liability. when a driver gets into an accedent it is usually the one at fault who is responsable for covering the accedent. the article says if someone were to get into an accedent with a driverless car who would be at fault? im sure they already know the answer to that. i believe that the company in charge of making that car would simply say it was human error and blame the driver. people want these cars because they do not want to drive themselfs anywhere. people are lazy with alot of things. in the future if these cars do come out to the public driving would be just another thing you do that doesnt involve lifting a finger. with a driverless car, in the future a person would not even know how to drive. in conclusion, a driverless car wouldnt be that great of an idea. with the money a person would have to pay along with software updates and simply being lazy a driverless car would not be a good choice. is it a great concept? of course it is, it shows how the world is always coming up with new technology and evolving. there are alot of positive things about a driverless car but there alot, if not, more negative things. all and all a driverless car would not be an invention that our generation needs.