the possibility of technological error and the necessity of modifying the law are among several issues that we face with driverless cars therefore, driverless cars may not be the most ideal solution to safer roads. although i believe that updates can be added to enhance safety features and prevent reckless driving, i think that the concept of having driverless cars to such an extent is dangerous. technological error is certainly the most significant of the negative aspects that driverless cars present to humans. driverless cars have their faults just as humans do, and the benefits that these cars provide are often outweighed by error. according to paragraph , technology fails, and when that occurs, someone is injured. another perspective on this topic is human reliance on technology. even though people can be alerted when something is wrong, not everyone will pay attention to those warnings. they may take advantage of the fact that the car drives by itself, which could lead to dozing off or even to drinking behind the wheel. humans also couldnt develop motor skills as well. alertness could decrease because some people may believe that they wont have to be aware of their surroundings while in the car. in addition, coordination and perception could be effected because people may not feel the need to improve on those skills since the car is driving instead. paragraph  states, lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. this applies to driverless cars in that it implies that some may become lazy and unattentive while in an advanced car. laws may have to change drastically also, and it may be difficult for many people to keep up with the modifications. this could mean that countless people will have little knowledge of the rules of the road. in the article, it is brought up that presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. contrary to this, driverless car owners may feel that it is unnessary to learn traffic laws because the car itself will be driving. ignorance results from that way of thinking, and ignorance can lead to unsafe driving conditions and reckless driving. besides traffic laws, various other laws will need to be upgraded or invented as well. the article mentions that new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. in other words, it would be necessary to create laws that distinguish between driver and manufacturer fault. it would be difficult to determine who exactly was the cause of an accident, which means that there could be many aggressive cases between owners and manufacturers. in conclusion, driverless cars wouldnt exactly be for the benefit of the world. their abilities are extraordinary, but it is not to be forgotten that with technology comes error. driver awareness is essential to safe roads, and unfortunately driverless cars can cause less driver alertness as humans begin to rely soley on technology to assist them in their everyday lives.