all humans can express the way they are feeling. the feelings that are shown are one of the following, happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. not all are truthful in the way they express it for others to see. being a high school student, i see many kids who are happy on the outside but inside they are sad. when a person is sad and covers up their true feelings like a blanket, it is hard to understand how to help them. with this being said, we must do everything we can to truly figure out how students are feeling in the classroom. by understanding the way someone is feeling enables us to help them or accomodate them in some way. for example, a man may go through life appearing to be happy but inside he is truly sad. since he was wearing a metaphorical mask of happiness, no one was able to understand his true feelings. prof. thomas huang, of beckman institute of advanced science at the universty of illinois, has found a way to understand peoples emotion.there may just be a solution that could help change societal problems relating to schools such as school shootings. recently our schools have been not such a safe enviroment due to the high activity of school shootings. why exaclty do school shootings take place? in most cases, it is because that person was not understood emotionally by his or her peers. now with the facial action coding system we would be able to understand who throughout our school is feeling the angry, and sad emotions. dr. huang stated that, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. since the facial expressions are universal, this statement only proves the accuracy of the facs. after knowing who these students are allows the councelors in the school to go and talk to them. this breakthrough discovery may be over looked by some but could be beyond valuable and beneficial when it comes to helping students who are hiding their feelings. the aspects of enforcing safety comes into play with this facial action coding system. but this could not only minimze school shootings, but can also be beneficial in the way students learn. if a student is angry in class, they are most likely not going to be listening to the teacher. they will be focused on whatever it is they are mad at. if we were able to scan such kids, we could sit down with them and help reduce their anger in attempts to put them back on track to learn. the students who show no emotion make it hard for teachers to understand them. when a teacher makes a student smile, or surpirse them they are doing their job correctly. now for a student who is unable to convey his true emotions, the teacher may not know if the student understands the material being taught. by having the ability to tap into the emotions of a student is a paramount discovery. the benefits outweigh the negatives in every category. the implementation of the facial action coding system within schools is going to be beyond valuable. this can be the turning point in the education system. by being able to understand how students are feeling, it can reduce violence, and ultimately allow for maximized learning.