the seagoing cowboys is a wonderful program that helps countries that are left in ruins from wars. nations gathered to form the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration to take care of mules, young cows, and horses that are shipped over seas. not only are you helping other countries if you join, but you also get to see marvelous places such as italy, crete, and china. the seagoing cowboys is a program where you can learn many character traits and a place where you help your world. when i signed up for unrra, i knew it was a once in a life time experience and that i just couldnt past that chance up. after i turned , i could be drafted in military service. so when my draft board learned that i was on a cattleboat trip, they let me keep on doing that. when i was discharged, i had made nine tripsthe most any other seagoing cowboy had done. in my time, the cattleboat trips were an unbelieveable experience, and other than helping people, i got to tour many places. even on board i had a jolly time. on return trips, the cowboys and i played baseball, tabletennis, and volleyball in the empty animal holds. if physical activity isnt your thing, you could have still have read, whittled, and played small games. the seagoing cowboys arent just about exploring places and playing games though. the unrra opened up the world to me, as it made me more aware of people in other countries and their needs. my awareness has stayed with me as i have lead my family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. yes, i do realize that joining unrra can be a risky thing. even myself had gotten into an accident before, im even still happy to be alive. one day i fell down a slippery ladder on my back, but then a tiny strip of metal kept me from flying into the dark and mysterious atlantic. with that, i couldnt work for a few days because of my broken ribs. you might be scared to join because of your own safety, and i respect that. however, so many other positive things have came from my experience in the unrra to out number that one incident. in conclusion, i believe you should join the seagoing cowboys for many reasons. not only are you getting adventure into your life, but youre also helping others. i believe the unrra made me a better person, as it opened up a whole new point of view for me to the world, the worlds people, and their needs. so next time someone metions the seagoing cowboys, get a little more interested. and when you go and sign up, tell the people luke bomberger sent you.