i believe using this technology to read students emotions and expressions is going to be very useful. i agree with the use of this technology to read students emotional expressions. i believe it is important to, as a teacher and parents to notice when the student or child is not doing fine. for example in paragraph  the text says .. you probobly tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on hisher face. this text shows that in a school with a lot of kids you can easily tell when one is not in a good mood and when one is. it is going to be much easier finding out how someone feels when having a big technical device help you as well. a statment from paragraph  it says a classroom computer could recognize when is a student is becoming confused or bored. this helps the teacher know which of her classmates understands. another thing i would like to add is what if a student is thinking of something bad or personal and the device still reads his emotions? to me dont think thats appropiate. lets agree to disagree by this statement they even indicate the difference between a genunie smile and a forced one. this text the author stated was given in the middle between paragraphs  and . someone can be feeling down but with something private going on in their lives they might even tend to hide their emotions and not say a word i mean it has happened. besides theres a difference from acting and emotions. however lets get back to the agreement section. in paragraph  the author states according to the feedback .... moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. no matter how your feeling theres going to be a way to hide your emotions when you dont want them to be seen or another thing, you can express them. either way its good for your muscles. from this article making mona lisa smile i agreed on using this technology to read students emotions and expresssions is useful. perpahps further on in the future this type of technology will be used more and will be advanced as well.