what is the electoral college? the electoral college is a process ,not a place. the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between elections of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. in the united states people select a president every three years. they would either select their president by electoral college, or by the most popular vote. voting by electoral college is not safe at all,they should change it to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. when you vote by elecoral vote it is never guaranteed that they are going to vote for who you wanted to vote for. they might even change their mind at the last second ,so you never know what they are about to do. some rich people can pay them to buy off their votes. then ,boom you lost a vote it might result to a tie or lost. according to paragraph  in the same vein,faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast and deciding vote for whomeverthey please.... you never what could happen ,it is like taking a very riskfull risk and every votes matter .just one vote can make a very big difference. further more,voting by popular vote would give you a better chance of getting your candidate to win .when you are the one that elects the president you feel more confident and good .youll know that you voted for the one you wanted to win and the one that you think that will change everything the way you wanted to. also ,you dont have worry about anything else ,like people going in the voting box and taking the votes out. once you vote ,your vote is immediately safe. in the other hand,voting by electoral college benefited us .obama which is the current president of the united states wouldnt probably be president if it wasnt for them. accordind to the last article in s  election ,for example ,obama recieved . percent of the electoral vote compared to only . percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney.... that means their votes helped obama win. also the electoral college avoids problem of elections in which no candidates recieves a majority of the votes cast. winners take all methods in awarding electoral votes for what theyve done. to summarise my reasonnings electoral college votes should be change to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. peoples should be allowed to vote on their own. everybody would be much happier .without happy people the country would be upside down. put this question in your mind,what would you do if you were running for president ,and they told you electoral college would be voting?