over the past years technology has had many different purposes in the world, and now with the help of the softtware facial action coding system teachers in classrooms will now be able to adress their students emotions when they act out of the normal. in the article making mona lisa smile by nick dalto it shows many examples regarding this topic. because of the students lack of expressing their emotions verbally, this computer software must be used to reveal what is happening within their heads. in order to know what a students mind wants to be happy and not bored, the teachers must use this software because a person cannot always comprehend facial features. in the aricle it talks about how many emotions showed by making facial expressions are not always comprehendable. according to the author, in paragraph  it states the facial expressions for each emotion are universal dalto . the term universal as it is being used in the sentence shows just the magnitude of how much a face can express. if teachers dont use this software, school might just remain boring to students without the teachers knowing. even though some people would agree that it is an invasion to privacy to use this in classrooms, the software would be for the good of the lack of communication between the teacher and students. the software would also improve the overall performance of the students during class, since now the teacher would know what to do when the class is bored or happy. in the article it also enhances the facts of nonverbal communication by stating most human communiction is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang dalto . if emotions and communications are nonverbal, why not use technology to unravel the thoughts of a student. no teacher would want their students to feel negative feelings towards their classes, so here is an opportunity to make school better for both students and teachers. students may have to be provoked so they can show what they are feeling, however the teachers making their students show emotion will help them be happier while being in the classroom. students who do not want to be in school must be adressed first so they are better of in the future. this statement is supported by looking in the article where the author states according to the facial feedback theory of emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, butr also may even help produce them dalto . teacher making their students break a smile would aid their bordem into becoming a happier and more positive emotion. thus, the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is positive, because of the help it would provide on the students perspective of school. less students would drop out and more students would go to school and learn just because of the enviroment that the computer software helps evoke. this valuable software must not be ignored!