today, automobiles are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some areas of the united states. to lower this statistic, many cities around the world are trying to cut down on car use in order to curb their greenhouse gas emissions. cities like vauban, germany, paris, france, and bogota, colombia have their own strategies for the reduction of these emissions from cars. these cities are having extraordinary success and many americans are limiting their car usage as well. in vauban, germany, many residents have given up their cars. this is due to the strict rules and limitations for car ownership in this experimental new district. if one would like to own a car, large garages that cost ,, along with a home must be bought. this has made many residents completely give up the use of cars and rely on public transportation and bicycles. in the article, in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, one resident stated,when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. residents are embracing this new and innovative lifestyle and as a result, the greenhouse gas emissions from this area in germany has decreased exponentially. the location of stores and businesses has also changed due to the very few who use automobiles. in the article, it is revealed, in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. even with these limitations, residents are not complaining and as a result, new suburbs around the world may start to look and be like vauban, germany. many cities around the world are being forced to issue partial driving bans in order to clear the air of the city. in the article, paris bans driving due to smog, by robert duffer, it is explained how and why the city of paris was forced to issue partial driving bans due to the very high levels of smog. duffer writes, on monday, motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddnumbered plates the following day. due to this partial ban, congestion was down  percent and , drivers were fined. these fined drivers paid, in total, around ,euro,. not only did the pollution decrease dramatically but this money went back to the government. the article then reveals, the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. after just one day, the results that was wanted by the city of paris were achieved. this is absolutely astounding and very beneficial to the city of paris and also to europe as a whole. like in paris, france, in bogota colombia, carfree days have been established. in the article,  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky, the day without cars in bogota is detailed. like in paris, there were fines for violators, however this time it is . due to the fine, many of the  million resident used public transportation, taxis, bicycles in order to get where they needed to go. one resident said, its a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution. as a result of the success that bogota has with these carfree days, more than  miles of bicycle paths have been made, sidewalks have been repaired, and many new restaurants and shopping districts have emerged. other cities in colombia and other cities in south america want to follow bogotas lead. in the article, the mayor of asuncion, paraguay enrique riera, is quoted saying, these people are generating a revolutionary change, and that is crossing borders. hopefully, the carfree days that bogota has will be common around south america and eventually around the world. a new global trend is emerging and that is the decrease in car usage. cities like vauban, germany has a large majority of its residents using public transportation and bicycles and many residents have acceoted and embraced this lifestyle. cities like paris and bogota have partial driving bans and carfree days, respectively, and as a result smog and pollution in the air has decreased and many residents feel like it is a good way to take away stress. these changes bans and carfree days have lowered pollution dramatically and many feel like this is a good path for the future. limiting car usage is beneficial to the world and these cities have proven that it can be achieved without many issues and hopefully many other cities around the world will copy this innovative new idea toward decreasing greenhouse emissions.