since the invention of modern transportation human society has prospered in many ways. inventors and engineers creations over the years have evolved from such menial things like the wheel to beautiful masterpieces like luxury automobiles. many wonder what this field of technology has in store for the future. some companies already have a glimpse of what is yet to come. with the given informaiton in the article driverless cars are coming there is logical reason to believe that driverless cars should be developed. driverless cars could be a revolutionary invention in the human lifestyle that would change the environment of the world of transportation. the text states, the cars... would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more felxibility than a bus... such cars would fundamentally change the world. gasoline consumption has become a controversial issue that worsens as time goes on, but driverless cars have properly addressed the issue which may save the global fuel economy. the article states, google has had cars that... have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. one of the most rampant killers of people on this world is automotive accidents. the driverless car has the potential to save lives and still gives the driver the opportunity to navigate the vehicle at the appropriate time. for information on the avoiddance of accidents the passage mentions, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. the technological implementations in these vehicles are far more advanced and have the potential to collectively save lives. although the benefits of these cars have been mentioned there still may be some dissadvantages to these vehicles. the text mentions liability issues associated with these cars by explaining, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer?. the driver may come into conflict with the law which may result in a lawsuit against the manufacture for their negligence. when consumers buy products from manufactures they most likely assume that the companys products are reliable and that issues will properly be addressed. these things may trouble some individuals, but the passage states, automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. this adresses the potential problems associated with these cars and will allow the driver to handle situations on and off the road. the article driverless cars are coming gives ample reason to believe that these cars should be developed for the purpose of improving quality of life. this revolutionary technology has the potential to save lives and avoid injury. the cars also aid in the global initiative to not exhaust the worlds natural resources. although these advances could lead to issues automakers are hopeful that in the future these problems will be solved appropriately. the pathway to the production of these cars is not yet clear, but despite roadblocks these cars will reach their destination in common human life.