the author suggests studying venus is a worthy pursuit, o matter the dangers it faces to do so. the author well states the topic heshe would be talking about. the author mentioned that since it is not as similar as earth, in terms of weatherclimate changes. that we should discover the closest planet to us apart from mars. heshe included some positive and possible solutions such as, airplane flying over storms, solar power would be plentiful, air pressure at sea level, radiation would not exceed earth levels, etc. the author knows what they are talking about and wants to prove that venus is worth to get studied for. the author mentioned that some of our earth problems could be solved by venus due to its conditions, and how venus is not so bad compared to our planet earth. in the article, the author states that imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hoveting over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. this shows how venus is not all bad of a planet to even think to live in it. shows how there is solutions to most of the negatives it has, and how we could somehow, somewhat be living in as he descriptively explains the reader and making them imagine what it would be like to live in venus, someday. therefore, the author efficiently dodge the many of the negatives venus has by mentioning some of the things that nasa is doing and some of the positives it could bring that we have in our world today. to conclude, the author states and mentions how venus is worth to get studied for by mentioning the many positives it could include to live in. mentions how a vehicle such as a car could fly in venus, and at the same time avoid terrain obstacles, which is a problem we have to deal with today. how airplanes could fly over storms, which is another problem we have today and how flights have to cancel their flights due to bad weather. one postive aspect about venus was that solar power could be more efficent there then in our planet earth, since on some parts of the world, solar energy is just a dream to be in. so therefore, the author efficiently states his point, provides evidence and reasoning on to why we should further the investigations on studying venus.