a new technology called the facial action coding system should be used to be read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. in the text, the author paragraph  states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. dalto . if classroom computuers were to have the facial action coding systems, then students would be more encouraged to do school work outide of the classroom. students would be able to work on their school work without being as confused or frustrated. the facial action coding system could even help adults in college, work or at home. adults would use the system for taxes, college work, bussness emails, etc.. also, if a student or adult was trying to fill out a job application, not only would the employer get to know the student or adult by the application, they would get to know how smart or simple minded the worker would be. the system could even tell if you are faking a smile or not. in paragraph , that author states, but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. dalto . say if a student looks confused or upset, and the only thought that comes up is that the student is not ok, but even thought the teacher asks the student if heshe is ok, the student dosent want to embarass himselfherself in front of the class, so they continue to say they are fine. the system will see that the student is confused or frustrated so it will try to help the student the best they can. the new technology should be used on students. the system would help students with their confusion, frustration, and aner during class and outside of class. the software could make students work faster in or out of school, with or without a teacher, even if they get confused or frustrated.