many people, and car companies, are beginning to come up with the idea of driverless cars. driverless cars have always been an idea to people but never a reality, they have been featured in many things, such as movies and books, companies are now trying to make this idea an actual reality in our lifetime. there are many pros and cons to driverless cars, but we have to think will this be an advantage or disadvantage to our society? my opinion on driverless cars is on both sides, i see many advantages and disadvantages, such as driverless cars are said to cut the use of fuel by half which would be great for our planet, but also it could be very dangerous because we all know that if we have driverless cars we will have people who use the cars as excuses or reasons to do things that are not considered lawful today without driverless cars. people who may be for the driverless cars may not be wanting the driverless cars for good reasons, they may think that because they are not in total control of the car at all times that gives them the excuse of they are not one hundred percent reasonsable for anything bad that may happen while they are in the car. they may think that they can get away with many more things because they are not driving the whole time, they could get away with texting and driving, or even being under the influence while driving. yes, these cars will give them signals for when they need to drive but who knows if they will actually pay attention to the signal. if people today do not think anything of the laws we have set in our country what makes us think that just because they are not driving that it is any safer? people who are for the car for good reasons are thinking about how much driverless cars could help our world. driverless cars cut the amount of fuel used in half, that would help not only our economy but our ecosystem. these driverless cars are said to decrease the amount of wrecks happening everyday, they will have automatic brakes, these cars would basically be able to tell when we are in danger. all of the sensors on these cars could maybe even take sensors into homes and stores that could make our world so much safer. if you were not able to tell i think i may be against the development of driverless cars, in my opinion i think there are many more things that could go wrong with the car than things that could go right. people may not take the idea of these cars seriously, but we need to realize that these cars may become an actual reality and there is nothing that we can do about it but accept it and become aware of the things that we should be doing rather than the things we could do with driverless cars.