the day without driving our world has became a world that revolves around technology and cars, and its now starting to show how the affect of these products are tareing away our ozone. limiting the amount of air pollution can help decease the green house affect. all over the world people use vehicals to travel all over the place for their daily needs. people are not aware of how close they really are to the things they drive to. if we could just eliminate the amount of useage we use on cars and walk to the places near us we can help with future damage to the earth. in the excerpt paris bans driving due to smog ,robert duffer shares how paris banned there cars for the better of the world. he states after days of nearrecord pollition,paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. by banning the car uses they have made people healthier and the air much cleaner. what we dont know is that we use about  to  gallons of gas a week, and its taking its toll. the excerpt paris bans driving due to smog states that last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. meaning that we are using so much more than we need. the end of the car culture states that  many sociologist believe it willit will have a benificial implication for carbon emissions and the enviorment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind power plants. that the enviorment is taking the toll for our wrong doings, and the enviorment is change because of the new particals in the air, and its not changing for the better. in the essay carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, andrew selky portays how nondriving in healthier and better for you, by stateing that its a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air polution. the world could use a little more walking instead of riding. by taking a walk or a hike or even riding a bike is not only healthier alteritive but it would make people much happier, which could help decrease the vilolance ratings. by eliminating cars from our daily lives can help with getting rid of our polluted air and help getting our ozone from detriating. the world is suffering and we really need to help get it back to health. our cars are emitting terrabe thing that are bad for our health and the eniorment so thanks to small countries contibuting to the limitations we are now starting to relise that we need to change for the better.