driverless cars are becoming popular. in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative aspects of the driverless car. the negative aspects of the driverless car are stronger than the positvie aspects. some of the negative aspects of the driverless car consist of the amount of moneymodifications needed, having to stay alert at all times in the passenger seat, and waiting on the law. in the article, the author asks the reader a question. he asks, how much smarter did the cars need to be? he answers his own question in the reading. he mentions that the cars needed a whole lot of sensors. they needed sensors for the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. there are many modifications that needed to be made to the cars to make them smarter. along with the modifications comes with the expense of the equipment. none of that equipment had to be cheap. in this case, the amount of equipment is a negative becasue of how much the cars need. another negative is that there always needs to be an alert driver in the passenger seat of the car at all times. in the article, the author says, the car can handle driving functions at the speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. this makes the driveless car seem less important. also, the author mentions that the cars can steer, accelerate, and brake on their own but they are designed to notify the driver when the roads require human skills. this means that the driver has to stay alert and be ready to take over when they are needed. because the car isnt fully driverless, the manufacturers have to make the driving fun in a new way. they have to use headsup displays that can be turned off when the driver needs to take over. for the driverless cars to be legal, we have to wait on the law to be passed. many of the driving laws focus on keeping the drivers, the passengers, and the pedestrians safe. safety is best achieved with an alert driver. the assumption is that a human driver is the most affective and alert driver. as a result, the only states that allow computerdriven cars to be tested are california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia. even though the cars have been proved to be more reliably safe, traffic laws will need to be changed along with liability laws that will need to be established in case of an accident. this reason is a negative one against the development of driverless cars. though there are many positive reasons for the development of the driverless car, the negative aspects outrule and over power the positive ones making the driverless car a hassle to develop by the amount of moneymodifications needed for the cars, always having to stay alert in the passenger seat, and the wait for the legalization of the driving of the driverless cars.