dear senator, i have come to a conclusion on how i think the president and his candidates should be voted for. in one hand weve got the electoral college, and the election by popular vote. these two thing have been around for hundreds of years but youve got to know if you prefer one or the other. so which one works better? why do you prefer this one over the other? the electoral college, electors meeting and voting for our president and vice president. this electoral college consist of  electors that vote to for our president. i myself dont think this is a very sensable thing. because when you think youre voting for the president you are actually voting for a state of electors who will in turn vote for the president not you. why should there be a select few people out of the billions of people who live in america to vote for the president while we just sit and wait for the results. to only have their opinions voiced. doesnt seem like a very fair way to elect someone who will be changing our country. this is a winnertakeallsystem. election by popular vote, this means you and i will be voting for the president and his cabinet ourselves. that we will have a say in who we want to change or even fix our country. although the person we vote for may not win, we still got a say in what we believe would have made our counrty a better place. although the electoral college might give a more clear winner, if we know that our vote will actually have an effect in the election we might pay more attention to the election and vote more wisely. knowing that we have voiced our preference rather than knowing maybe one single electoral vote might have set the election. now there are some benefits if the electoral college. in the case of having a precise vote on who gets to be president is one. also maybe the fact that you voted fo the people who will be electing the president in a way is just the same. however this does notmean that it is better than you just voting yourself. because those are onlyabout the two thing that are evn remotely good about the electoral college. so when you decide who you want to be president think of how you would like your vote to be heard. through your own vote or maybepossibly through anothers vote. i know which system i would choose. giving that it would give me more voicein the matter. what would you do?