some people say the facial action coding system is not valuable and some say its not valuable. if would to ask me i would say the system is valuable in many ways and them ways can be very helpful in paticular situations. for example, the classroom computer can tell how you feeling by looking at your face, can recognize when a student become confused or bored in a classroom, and they can also indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. for teachers this system can become  times helpful, but what really stand out it me right now it can recognize when a student become confused or in a classroom. this stands out to me because this can helpful or easier to read when a student is student is struggling.  of students in a classroom dont usually dont ask for help because they afraid of saying some wrong in front of the whole classroom. which instead of raising hand the teacher can go straight to the student and have a one on one converstation to make the student feel comfortable. plus, not only it can see if you confused, it can also tell when you bored. it was said  the system can see this by looking at your facial expressions or your muscles in your face. so if a student get bored in class usually intend to go to sleep. a teacher can look at the system without saying a word and change up the lesson a bit more fun because if you would to ask me paying attention in class is the key to success. then lets not for get about the other example,  the system can tell how a friend feeling by looking at their face. some people say this is not a very big deal, but its really is because one thing a teacher want to do is to get know its class. when a sees some bad emotions in the system the teacher can reach out and the student in a personal situation. also give the student space or can be cuation because the student can go off at any second and cause a major classroom disruption. plus, this can help with team activities and create special bonds because in the text it stated empathy may happen because we unconsciuly imitate another persons feelings ,which can be helpful to friends. so if you believe this is fake then you should really read this next section. in the text it stated  they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced smile. when its usally false smile it was said the mouth is stretched side ways in paragraph . also it can read the muscle in your face to tell something is real or not,which help people understand one another better. then in the text it mentioned these muscles clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. so can help teachers or students solve situations more quicker and easier in a classroom. some people disagree though. people disagree because they nothing can understand a person a feeling. a human with the same emotions cant even understand the next people feelings, what make you think a system or technology can do it. there many apps on phones or computers that be telling straight lies. systems always catches viruses and always starts to act up it can be giving wrong information. now you in somebody personal business and make them very angry. in the text it said  most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that convoys happy. so a machine cant do it either, but in my personal opinion it can help. the facial action coding machine can help with telling when a friend is happy or not. also it can help when to tell a student feel bored or confused. lastly, it can tell when a student is using fake facial expressions. with these the classrooms of this world can become very more complex. plus, lets not for get about the updates so this technology can improve more years to come and have more special abilities. whoever thought that the facial action coding system can become valuable to classrooms all over the world!