the facial active coding system is a very new and innovative technology that has a variety of applications, and a large support for the advancement of it. however, there are some uses that have been mentioned that i fel wouldnt be extremely useful. one of these is the use of this technology in the classroom. while the facial action coding system has alot going for it, the technology has small value when it comes to classroom use. lets take a look at the aspects that make this technology both not valuable and valuable in the classroom. well start by looking at what benefits would come with the use of this technology in schools. while the facial action coding system isnt, in my opinion, extremely practical for classroom activities, it can still play some role in classroom use. for example, the text states that  according to professor thomas huang, the innovator behind this technolgy  the technology can be used to tell if a student doing work on a computer is confused or understanding, which would help to ensure that a teacher is readily available to assist the student. in addition, huang goes on to say that this technology can change lesson material onthespot if a student doesnt show interest or progress. thirdly, the text implies that a computer program can work much more like a human instructor if it is able to detect a students emotion. these are the main positive uses the author gives in regards to education, but i feel that these reasons arent all they say. while the uses in the previous paragraph make the technology seem very useful, i feel that these arent problems in todays education system  and most certainly do not need to be handed over to a computer. for example, while the text says that this technology can make computerbased lessons more like being taught by a human instructor, i feel that a physical instructor is still always needed. there will always be a problem that even a computer cant solve, so i feel that trying to find more ways to slowly downsize the amount of teachers isnt a truly valid reason for using this technology. in addition, the text says that the program could tell if a student was becoming confused or bored, and alter lessons based on what it detects. i feel that this is also an invalid claim, as technology as new as this will be far from perfect. imagine if a student were to not react in any way, but the software incorrectly detects them as being confused. the learning program will then switch to a reteaching section, and the student will be forced to do an activity that isnt neccessary to their success. these are just a handful of reasons why this software is not practical, but there are multiple other reasons against this technology that arent countered in the argument. there are many reasons that i feel this technology should not be implemented in school that arent countered in the article. for example, because the technology is so new and so powerful, one could only imagine the cost of it. at the end of the day, the shear amount of money poured into these programs will never be paid back by reduction of teachers  and school systems will most likely never get their moneys worth of the implementation. in addition, i feel that because of the price, there would be very few school corporations willing to implement it  and the few that do will face limited support because of how few sales would be. thirdly, i feel that this technology is not worthwhile to the field of education because of technologys rapid growth. i feel that by the time this technology would become even semistandardized, technology will have already moved on passed facial recognition, and wouldnt seem to be as innovative as it does now, at the early stage of its life. while there are many other reasons why this technology isnt worthwhile in schools, i feel that these are the most significant. in conclusion, you can now see both the benefits and drawbacks of using facial action coding system in schools. while the technology as a whole yields a very great future applicationwise, i cannot see any practical purpose of any educational system implementing it. it is costly, still in the early stages of its life, and no matter how hard inventors try  computers and artificial intelligence for the timebeing will never be capable of the same mental abilities that are possesed by an actual human being. as the old saying goes, if it isnt broke, dont attempt to fix it.