in the article the author talks about how a facial action coding system facs and how it can help students learn inside of the classroom. the author brings in evidence from the people who made it themselves prof. thomas huang in collabroration with prof. nicu sebe. they give many valid reasons as to why this should be brought in to schools and how it can help with the students with their learning and help further their progress. facs should be used in schools everywhere. prof. thomas huang gave pretty amazing reasons as to why schools should equip facs, one of those reasons was that facs can determine if a student is confused or bored, then make the lesson easier and more fun for the student. many student across the world can have trouble comprehending anything they just learn or are in process of learning, imagine the computer just automatically making it easier for them to learn the lesson without the teacher having to stop and repeat it. this would make many students understand their material and do better on test or quizzes, maybe students would actually even do more of their homework. aside from just helping students with grades it could help teachers determine the type of mood their students are in that day to know whether or not they are having a good day. teachers often get mad at students for putting their heads down or not doing their work not knowing that, the student could be feeling sick or just not having the best day. this would help teachers to know not to really bother the student unless truely needed to. on the other hand it can also help students with their friendships, students often have trouble when trying to figure out if their friend is okay or not. when a students friend is not okay they often try to figure out what is wrong with them, commonly asking the questions like are you mad, sad, happy, etc, usually the friend either tells them, or the student guesses, sometimes they wont ever find out because the friend wont say. this can a lot in friendships because once the student finds out they can talk to their friend or a trusted adult depending on the situation. this can help many kids feel like they arent behind and can give them, a different perspective about school itself. all in all this would be an amazing device that can help better students career and brighten the future ahead of them. facs should be brought into schools to help students progress in their learning and even higher many kids goals for their future. here and now stands an amazing creation that shouldnt be wasted on small things it should be put to the use of children everywhere.