i do not think that it is a good idea to develop driverless cars. drives will get distracted more easliy if they do not have to pay anettion at all times to the road. also the next generation to come will not know how to drive and it will soon be a forgotten skill. this will also make the unemployment rate go through the roof. over all it is a bad idea that will hurt are nation and others finacualy and cultrally. the driverless car would be a wreck waiting to happen. teens now a days have a short tension spand and would get easily distracted by there phones or even fall asleep if they did not have to pay attention to the road. these so called smarte cars still need the drivers to be alert and to pay attention just in case they drive in to a construction zone and the driver has to take over. well if the driver fell asleep it would be so easy for them to get in to a car crash. if these companys are really worried about the drivers well being they would not put them in a situation where they are not only putting there own lives at risk but others too. granted that even know driving is still dangerous, but it is one thing to have full control of your car rather than have to put your faith in a programed that can not even make its way through out a work zone with out the threat of running some on over. having a lisonce is an importante part of growing up. it teaches your resposibiltity and gives you a feeling of liberation and freedom. if are generation startes to us driverless cars then the future generation will stop gettting drivers lisonces and driving will become a lost art. it is important that people learn how to drive. its a sence of freedom that google and any other companys or car manufactures should not be able to take away. having driverless cars will break are nations back. unemployment rates for yougth are at an all time high. many people in big cities make there money by either being cab drivers, or bus driver. the driverless car will put these hard workers out of jobs. making the unempolment rates of this country even higher than they all ready are. driverless cars will only lead to destruction. unemployment rates will shoot up so high it will be the great depression round two. accidents will be happening left and right. our generations attention spaned is shorter then a gould fishs. putting use in a metal box and tell us that we do not really to drive the car but we need to pay attention just in case is a good way to cut are popullation in half. not to even mention the fact that soon driving will be a lost art. its a freedom that should never be stripped from us. driverless cars are not a good idea and will only leave a trail of misery behind them.