in a class room there are many students all with different kinds of learning styles. there are so many types of learning you cant do one learning style and have everyone best learn by that.with new technology you can see peoples emotions by a computer scan. the new software is called facs or facial action coding sytem and it enables computers to identify human emotions. in todays essay we are talking about if using facs would be good use in the classroom. this subject i strongly disaprove of for many reasons. to start in paragraph four dr.huang stats the facial expressions for each emotions are universal later in the tesxt it talks about how the computer can read the six basic emotions, with their being universal facial expresions the computer can give off flase claims saying if a student is happy, sad, or more. the next reason i stand against this is we can already tell most of teh emotions from just looking at someone, lets look to paragraph five which says you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face and that claims would could not describe each facial trait, this shows we dont need a most likly very expensive computer to tell us what we already know. a teach can clearly tell if a studnet is bored or sad and thats why today many teachers try to teach one day with a hands on activity for the students who benefit off of that anf they do other lessons with a different way to teach for the students who are better at such way of learning.lastly i want to look at paragraph eight were is talks about fake smiling and how the computer could tell who is being truful and lying. using this in the school place would not be the best, imagine this a student is talking to his or her friend and the friend is smiling and laughing but its not a true laugh its a fake laugh this could ruin friendships. while i am sure many people want the fake friends out of their life since this technology would not only be used for teachers it could be used with sutdnts in the class room it could cause sooner causes of childhood depression and give insecurtites to stundets at a younger age. when you ask yourself if using the facs technology in the classroom if it is good or bad make sure to think about a couple things. the first being very few things come out perfect so the technology would need to be fixed since it can read false facial emotions. the next one being we cna already read basic emotions and some teachers already try to use all the tyoes of learning for studnetas within the year so eveyrone can learn. lastly this could lead to your child to have sooner depression and insecurites. the last reason to not have this is the largest as america already suffers with huge amounts of ealry aged childhood depression leading to more susides you have to look a the big picture here, in todays socitey we are already leaninig more towards heavy technology and sadly soon our expressions wont matter only our internet expressiosn will so there is no need to put so much money into a device they may give off false inofrmation. i hope you take a look at my essay before decidng if this facs device is helpful or not in todyas socitey.