do you want to join the seagoing cowboys program? my name is luke and i did the program and i had a blast. the seagoing cowboys progam takes you places unique around the world. if you want to know more about the seagoing cowboys keep reading and learn what the progam is about. one reason to join the seagoing cowboys is to get to see new places you have never seen. the seagoing cowboys is the best to know, when you want to visit a place. if you would join maybe they just happen to go where you want to see or visit. i went to nine trips before i was discharged in nineteen fortyseven. you can go on multiply rides before you get discharged. the second reason is, so you can be open to new places. some people have lived one area their whole life and have never been many places. if they had to move they would not know some things were in the area they where going. the seagoing cowboys takes you different places, so you are not in one area your whole life. if you never met some animals then maybe you would get to meet them and even be able to take care of them if you join the seagoing cowboys. the third reason is to learn more about earth. if you would join the seagoing cowboys you would learn a lot more about earth and the places that are on earth. when you get know more about earth then you become smarter and know more about whaat can happen. the seagoing cowboys program helps you learn a lot more about animals and wildlife. if you join the seagoing cowboys you can definitely be like me and make nine trips and learn something new everytime. if you can not take that many trips you still can enjoy it and learn. i think overall it is that i had a great time. i think you should join and then maybe you will have as much fun as me. if you join then you will have to learn about animals and learn how to take care of them. if you do join seagoing cowboys make it useful, and help you learn more about the earth, be open about earth, and see new places. if you want to learn more about these things then you need to join seagoing cowboys.