in the article driverless cars are coming the author states both positive and negative aspects for driverless cars. it tell you about tells you about all the grater thing that they can do and even the not so greater outcomes that can come from a driverless car. my position with driverless cars is that i think they will be a great idea because it gives humans a better chance at looking out for thing that might potically can get them into a car accident.  the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on idividual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better repsonse and control than a human driver could manage alone. the driverless cars can protect you than you can protect yourself and anyone else in the car with you. the driverless car can even handle any driving functions up to the speeds of mph. the cars are designed to let the driver know when there is accident ahead of when there is road constrution going on so it tells the humans to take control because the car knows that it cant do it by itself.  they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves,but all are esigned to notify the driver when the road ahead requries human skills,... navigating through work zones and aroung accidents. the car can a geart thing that happens to the world. the driveless car has been around for as couple of years. even in  we have cars that brakes if you get to close to a car and that wont turn on the radio if seatbelt in not buckled up.  tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of dring on autopilot  percent of the time. i know it might not seem like a lot but it is in  alone humans have made  mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselces by . that to me a big improvment from just the little things that we have right know. to me cars braking if you get to close to another car is pretty good . in conclusion, the driverless car can be very helpful to humans because it helps us stay safer on the roads. also, the car knows when its not good enough to help you anymore so it has you take control of it so that it wont get you or anyone else hurt if it can stop or anything else.