in vauban, germany, people walk from place to place without cars with no trouble. why cant you? street parking, driveways and home garages are most likely banned in the new district on the outskirts of freidburg, near the french and swiss borders. this concept of limiting car usage is a great idea! why not walk somewhere if its close by, you will be doing everyone a favor by not polluting the earth. pollution is terrible, so why use your car if its hurting our precious earth? paris enforced a temporary ban on motor vehicles due to the nearrecord pollution. according to, paris bans driving due to smog, on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . almost , drivers were fined,  people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. in other words, paris had an almost record breaking smog because of motor vehicles so they put a ban on cars for . i think that putting a ban on cars for less pollution is excellant. this excerpt from, in german suburb , life goes on without cars, diesel fuel was blamed, since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, according to reuters. this means, since diesel is favored over in france, it was blamed for causing the smog. cars are to blame for causing pollution to our earth, so why use cars. we must limit car usage. bogota, columbia had the same idea, in a program thats set to spread to other countries world wide. apparently,  millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. i agree that ignoring your cars to hike, bike, or skate lets you interact with more people. you also have more experiences with other things you have never tried before. according to the article, the day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mids. it has seen the construction of  miles of bicycle paths, the most of any latin american city, according to mockus, the citys mayor. this states that since the s, bogota has been running a campaign to limit car usage, to help out the pollution problem, by building  bicycle path ways to get more and more people to use bicycles over motorvehicles. the day when cars are limited is the day i pray for. why should the earth suffer for our laziness of using a car instead of walking there. the pollution has gotten out of control and we need to put a stop to it. please help out by limiting your car usage, for the sake of the earth.