these days in the generation that we live in, man has came up with many ways to use technology. we have motion sensored lights, cameras, game systems, and now even cars. former google cofounder sergey brin and google have made cars that can actually drive on theyr own. these cars can drive themselves more than half a million miles without crash, but they still need assistance from a driver once in a while when it comes to things they cant do such as reversing, dealing with accidents, or traffic issues. in my point of view this sounds really cool wont lie. another thing is we all have to see the bigger picture. let me explain myself. in the good way of seeing it driverless cars would be a good affect on us for so many reasons. one is we wouldnt have to worry about reckless drivers when the cars would be programed to know speed limits and everything a human is suppose to know about driving. there would be less injuries, deaths, losses in money for repairs, and much more. we also wouldnt have to take driver tests and have licences so we could get to where we need to go. thoes are the positive ways i look on the driverless cars idea. now lets look how this idea would effect us in a negative way. we all know somtimes technology can have errors such as glitches, viruses, if it is mistrested then it could damage all the way. see technology is very sensitive in my view and somtimes even dangerouse. imagine yourself in one of these cars and say it starts to act up either your gonna be left stranded where you are or you could possibly be injured depending on what the car does. we all know technology can have a mind of its own. also when a accident happens who ever is in the driver seat is responsible for the passangers and pedestrians and if something does happen are you gonna blame the car? like i said the idea is really cool i wont lie. us as people thoe have to make the right desicions in what we choose to do. weigh the facts and reasons and see your piont of view. thank your for your time.