the effects of greenhouse gas emission began to take their toll on the earths atmosphere simply by its own natural output. as time has gone on though, and humans and their ways of transportation have evolved, greenhouse gas emission is becoming more of a problem. automobiles, mainly cars, play a huge role in the production of nasty fumes and gases that become trapped in the atmosphere. for example, in europe passenger cars make up twelve percent of total greenhouse gas emission, and in heavily congested areas such as the united statesit can skyrocket up to fifty percent! some nationscountries are beginning to take a new approach to battle the war of greenhouse gases. as studies have shown that national driving levels and the amount of people purchasing cars and earning their licenses are dropping after their peak in , people are more and more willing to put down the car keys and put on their running shoes. one of these places in particular is the city of vauban and is located in germany. it is a middleclass to upper class community and its citizens can be considered pioneers of suburbia. vauban does not permit driving in its limits, besides the main thoroughfare, and a few side streets. car owners buy a space for their car for , alongside a home. while some might argue about the practicality of not driving your car if you have one, its shown to be extremely beneficial not only for the environment, but for people as well. when you go outside, whether youre headed somewhere or just on a casual stroll, you may reach nirvana as you enjoy the true sounds of nature. in places where cars are permitted to drive, you might hear the sound of birds chirping outside your window, or the calm rustle of leaves rustling in the wind, but the rumbles, roars, and honks of a car are not far behind. in areas such as vauban, the beautiful sounds of the world wont be drowned out by a greasy hunk of steel. besides feeling at peace, a life without a car is a healthier life! now, when you want to go somewhere, you must rely on your own two feet. those two feet, bicycle, skateboard, etc. will be all you need to get where youre going! unlike many places though, everything is within walking distance for convenience and to encourage you to take these steps. notice the physical and emotional changes in yourself once in a place with no carsyoull feel more relaxed, less rushed, and your body will thank you.