the limiting of car usage law has effected a lot of people in both a positive and negative way. although limiting car usage is an inconvinence, it has affected the enviroment in a extremly positive way. some might not agree to the banning of car usage to a litmited amount. but i for one am completly on board with this law. in soure  in german suburb, life goes on without cars states that car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park large garages at the edge of the development, where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home. this rule has influenced almost everyone to rid their cars and begin to ride bikes, skate boards, etc. i believe this rule to pay , for a garage sapce along with a home at the edge of the development is comeplaly and utterly ridiculous. but i also think this rule made made to inforce everyone to rid their cars, because unless one were to have enough money to pay the ,, you would have to give up your car. in source  paris bans driving due to smog it speaks about paris having a fine for  euros  for driving as well. it states  almost , drivers were fined according to reuters... twentyseven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. because the driving fine was not so expensive some people did not mind to pay the fee. this article also states congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. this quote means that due to so many people driving their cars the ar was so pulluted that the people of france had no choice but to stop dring their cars. in source  carfree day is spining into a big hit in bogota it states   its a good opportunity to take aways stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with him wife. this trend is motivating people from all over the world to rid their cars and help not only the enviroment but themselves as well. limiting car usage has help clear the poluted air and has gotten thousands of people to realize how much money theyhave saved on gas, car repairs etc. and how much better the world would be with driving being limited.