humans have adapted throughout their lifetime to many things, and in this century alone we have made many technological breakthroughs that our ancestors would never have forseen. there has always been the idea of a future car weither it be a flying car or a driverless car, but that idea was almost always science fiction and now it is becoming a reality. with selfdriving cars becomeing a reality i believe that we as a human race should adapt, accept, and embrace the new technology the benefits of these new cars almost completely outweigh the negative aspects and they are almost here. there are many benefits of a selfdriving car, not only the ones stated in the article like the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. that alone would be enough to sway people to be all for this new technology ,and the impact it would have on the environment would be an added bonus. with only using half of the fuel of todays taxis and most likely peoples personal cars, the carbonmonoxide realeased would theoretically be reduced. imagine a world where people would not have to drive their cars to fill up on gas and how much it would help that persons personal income. probably the most important factor would be the decreased rate in accidents and death. the article states, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars have driven more than a half a million miles without a crash. with no crashes so far, peoples ideas that these cars are unsafe is unjustified. yes, maybe there will be a glitch or a problem that might lead into an accident ,but a maybe is better than thousands of people dying each year in accidents due to human error. and in the new age of cell phones with texting and social media driving has become even more dangerous now accidents due to texting have now surpassed the amount due to alcohol consumtion. these new cars would theoretically eliminate this factor if manufaturers equipt the cars with technologies to fully take over the car in any situation. there are some problems that arise with this new technology like loss of jobs for taxi drivers and delivery men, laws that prohibit these cars, the way in which people recieve their drivers license, the monopoly that might arise, how the storage and keeping up with the cars will be handled, and the idea that an individual will need to take over the car. the article adresses some of these factors, with manufactuors developing new ways to alert the driver,and to eliminate the need for a driver if the laws allow it. with most states having laws that make it illegal to test these cars, it will be a long time before they let them to be used commersually. the other factor is the loss of jobs that will happem if this technology is used, but there will be new jobs for cleaning, matenince, production, and many others for these new vehicles. driverless cars have the potential to be enormously helpful to our society in many ways, even will the flaws that might arise, the good in this situation outweighs the bad. with the new ideas being made these driverless cars being used everywhere could be a reality if people choose to not be afraid of this change.