the evening star or the name how you know, venus is one in the second planet form the system sun in the speace having for neighbor a mars and his twin earth. venus in the system sun have a diferent speed in the same tima wiht mars and earth, but sometimes the earth is closed to mars and other times to venus. the planet earth have a some of things simulatary between venus, but this not can have life, becauses this planet hava a diferents conditions between the earth, having all the atention for the people for study the planet, numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. the planet earth have an atmosphere of almost  porcent of carbone dioxide a diference whit venus have a sulfuric acid atmosphere and a  degrees fahrenheit, and am atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what esoerience on our own planet. the conditions in the planet venus is a extrem than anything human encounter on earth. the temperature on venus has a tottest surface temperature of the any panets in the system, is closed to mercury teh sun, and in adiotion hava a lot of natural disasters and the complement perfect to go to live, right? in this times venus have stills and more simulatires between earth, because the planet now has a  surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and creaters. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetry visit a curcial consideratioon given the long time frames of space travel. the value of returning to venus... for all this new information about venus, the nasa, has the idea ofr study venus, but the for where the nasa what ti use for study the planet is sending humans to the planet the problen here is venus not have a good condition for any hunan, animal or other thing alive, whit can sorvive for this condition, and if the humans go in the fir time where stay want to satr toasty all the people and ahva a lot of problems in try to stay in the planet. the other solution whit the nasa use for the study of the planet and dont use human is tray to take a photography and a videography, but this not worker. and the most importan in the investigation for the palnet is they not can take anithing about a sample rock or gas or something else a distanse, so for this moment the nasa dont can do anythin for study the venus in this moments, but now is working haw can investige the planet. in the s in the time whit the worls war ii, the tecnology is played a rol of importance in this moment, and hire is well the nasa have the idea for use that and tray to investigate, makin calculations and the computadores but the computadores is more delicated for the fisical contidions wiht this have. in this times the challenge for try to faound more information from the venus and the idea fro the expedition a venus i think this is continue in the mint form the persons in the nasa, but now not is the moment for do thas. is the moment for use all the forms for try to keep all the informstion using the tecnology for one day do the dream for the nasa go to venus and not have any problem.