this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable, in my opinion. why? i feel like we dont need such thing to show our emotions we know exactly how we feel why should a computer have to identify that? maybe others dont want to show the comlete emotion they are showing. its genius how people come up with things, but it shouldnt be nesseccary to show how i feel. according to this article, on paragraph .. a classroom cumputer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored this is why we ask questions why we stay after school for extra circularcirculum assignments extra help period. we shouldnt have to go an extra mile to detict how i feel. paragraph  the author says using video imagery, the new emotionrecongtion software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in a painted face of mona lisa. do we honestly think a computer could identify how we feel? we at times dont know how we feel we dont always know how the body works or the mind. everything is based off conculsions, we have therapitst for such things as not knowing our emotions we have people in the world that study the brain and the body. a computer is just expensive and an unesseccary thing. some people dont like to express themselves and for a computer to just automatically submit to how i feel is insane! also indentify the emotion going on in a picture... no way! that is histaricle. technology is used for so many things but the actual things we need. cant you trick your body into thinking youre something you are not? would the computer give me false information then? paragraph ..  had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. i simply say this is unvaulable you would think taking some blood and doing tests or something would show my emotions, but a computer? i disagree, it just scans my face and automatically shows how i feel. its a waste of time, and not a good source. i know myself more than anything, i know my emotions.