i read the article a cowboy who rode the waves. this article is about the seagoing cowboys program. the seagoing cowboys program is people that help recover food supplies for places that just got done with war and to take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. i think its good to help people in need. there are three rerasons why people should join the seagoing cowboys program. those reasons are that your helping people in need, to expeariance other countries culture, and to for the adventure and amazing views. the first reason why i think you should join the seagoing cowboys is that because your helping people in need. it is good to help people in need because it shows other people that they are loved. it is also good to help people in need because they just been through a lot. they just been through war, and war is not pretty. it is also good to help people in need because it shows that you care. the second reason why you should join the seagoing cowboys is that its good to expeariance other countries culture. it is good to expeariance other countries culture because it is good to know what they do in there country. it is also good to expeaeriance other peoples cultures because it is goood to know how they live or if the countries poor. the last reason why you should expeariance other peoples culture is that it is fun to learn new things about other countries. the third reason why people should join the seagoing cowboys is for the adventure and the amazing things you get to see and expeariance. you get to go to china, greece, europe, crete, italy, and many more countries. it would be fun to see the great wall of china, or the panthenon in greece, or other amazing sites in other countries. it is a honor to see an amazing site that most people dont see everyday. in conclusion, i think it would be really fun to be a seagoing cowboy. it would be fun to help people, expeariance other peoples culture, and see amazing sights. people should really consider being an seagoing cowboy.