you like your car right? what if i told you that not only are you putting yourself in danger but everyone else in the world as well. you might not know it but you really are and its a big problem. there is many ways to fix this but in this case we could try using the easiest. that is to limit the use of cars. now hold on before you throw this away like paper continue reading on so you know what kind of help you could be doing if we limit the driving for not only you but everyone in this world. limiting use of the car you drive today will improve your safety, pollution, and others safety as well. dont just stop at a red light, stop hurting the things around you. buckle up, safety first. all those sayings that your parents or drivers ed teachers have told you are not just for them to control you. they actually mean to help you but your just so excited about driving you dont even pay attention. see if you have a car, you must pay a forty thousand doller parking space in vauban. its a car free zone and some people actually like it. as a result  percent of vaubans familys do not own cars and  percent sold there car to mover there. when your in a car, you always feel so tense dont you? in my opinion its because your afraid of getting hurt or into a crash. if we limited the time of driving you wouldnt have to be so tense because there would be less people around you. now the world is dying. dont feel frightened or ashamed but this is sort of your fault. you cant see it but when you drive a car, gas comes out the back and into the earths atmosphere. this is called pollution and it isnt one of the good guys. in our case its a bad guy that need to be and should be stopped. it wont be one of those quick novels either and will take a lot of your support but it could be done. limiting everyones driving uses will help try saving the earth from what we are doing to it. paris typically has more smog than other european capitals and just last week had  micrograms of particular matter. this is the danger to the world and the earth just wont stop fighting back. look out! wow that was close from hitting you. see there in the road is a line that forms a lane. a lane shows you the area you can drive on and all you have to do is stay in the lane. you put oher peoples lives at risk if you drive anywhere besides that lane and even yourself. dont be selfish enough to just worry about yourself but aware enough on where your going and how you are to get there. causing a car crash will get you nowhere in life except the hospita which believe me is not one of the best places to take your new friend. limiting the use of cars will help you keep your awares up and about in case the worst of evemt could happen. so limiting a car usage is not such a bad thing now is it? instead of thinking of yourself think of your safety, the pollution, and others safety. it could make a real difference in the world if we could just limit the use. need to go somewhere? try using a bicicycle or skateboard and you will find it might be a little slower but will get you where you need to go with almost no damage warrantys. you never know, you might like it so much yo would have your own personal spongebob car free zone on your door that you bought after selling your car. this does not inlcude the spongebob car free zone bicycle either which is sold seperatly from the store nearest you.