technology today is becoming more and more advance throughout the centuries. scientists are developing new equipment and methods to improve the daily lives of humans. however are these new technological advancements really effecively improve the lives of humans? there is no dought that technology has improved the work and efficiancy of humans howeve ther ae some tasks that can never replace a human and heir ability to understand each other. a new technology called the facial action coding system has been developed to enale computers to identify human emotions. scientis want to put the technology into use in the classroom in order more efficiantly econgize the emotions o students and better help them in the classroom. this may sound like a good idea on paper however, using this technology to read students emotional expressions is a bad idea because no computer can understand the empotions of an human better than a human and everyone is different and unique. human emotion is a complex pocedure and the emotional expression alone cannot identify the true feelings of a human. only the understanding and sypmathy of a fellow human can read and understand a humans emotion outside the expression itself. as the author continues to describe the echnoloy behind the facial action coding system he begins to explain an everyday occurance where human are able to identiy their fello mans facial expreesion. the author continues to say that even though humans are able to efficianltly know and uderstand the emotion of other humans they are less likely to decibe said emotion. this passage claims that although humans are able to identify the emotions of other umans they are not as effeciant and calculated that computer technlogy. humans more than anything have a gift to understand each other with the slightest expression. if a student is strggling an compuer may miss not understand the degree of destress the student is in. computers are unable to show the same amount to sympathy and unerstanding of a human. if a student is struggling it is more effective for ehe instructure o hlp the sdnt. every facial expression does not mean the same thing for everybody. every man is diffeent and a comtuter should not lable a persons emotion through facal expressions alone. the author decribes the technology behind the facial action coding system and its knowleg of muscle tructure to identify emotional expressions. in the passage dr. huang, one o the developers of the facial action coding system said  the facial expressions for each emotion is universal...even though individuals often show varing degrees of expression dalto . this quote implis that every human is capable of showing the same facial expression to express to describe the same emotion, saying it is universal. althout to a certain extaint human emotional expressions are widely identified as very simular, there is no definate expression to a definate emotions. computes requre calculate and measunments to succesfully idenify a humans emotion. it is very easy to convincly fake an emotional expression and facial expreeions dont always corospond with its respectd emotion. everone expresses themselves in a different way and not everythig is definate. in conclusion using technology to read students emotional expressions is a bad idea because no computer can understand the empotions of an human better than a human and everyone is different and unique.