driverless cars are a new develpment for the future. driving these cars is known to be a better, and safer way to drive while on the road. many car manufatures have started to develop cars with many tools that could help drivers who own driverless cars. it is a benefit for new drivers and experienced drivers on the road. as new drivers learn the rules to the road, they sometimes get intimidated and scared of the multiple events around them. for example, there may be loud honking from cars and trucks, accidents getting cleaned up, or construction workers at work. driverless cars can help solve this problem as more people engage in them. although it wouldnt be required to drive in a driverless car, people are still to be cautious and alert while in the car so they could take over when things start to get challenging and out of the cars ability. having a driverless car is safer than having a manualdriven car. driverless cars can cause less accidents for many drivers. for example, in the st century, a majority of people are on their cell phones because of work or talking to a family member or friend. sometimes they feel that they have a very important email or text message to send and the message cant wait. they pick up their phone and shoot them a quick message and by the time they look back at the road, they are too late. they had already ran into another car. most deaths on the road are caused by texting and driving. driverless cars are said to be safer because they have certain gadgets that help the driver know when to take over and when there is danger ahead. for example, driverless car manufatures developed dirvers seats that vibate when the vehicle is too close to an object while backing up. having that source of warning can help the person in the driver seat know when to take over. another example is the incar entertainment and information system. this replaces the need to text and drive, which is something not available to people who own manuallydriven cars. this develpment is safer than the cars we use today. as this new develpment is processed, there are many ways that driverless cars could help people who are in a hurry to go places and have many things to do. for example, if someone is in a rush to get to work and their tie is not tied or their make up is not done, they could just start the car and not worring about driving and waiting until they get to a stop light to finish getting ready. with all the gadgets that the driverless car has, it benefits the many people who are used to running late. driverless cars benefit people of all ages, who can drive. new drivers will have more confidence as they go on the road for the first time and experienced drivers could finaly relax in a way that they havent before in a car that requires manual driving. driverless cars are in ways safer that many manual cars that are sold today. although there are many steps to make this new develpment officialy real, and with the help of new technology, it can happen real soon.