i think that limiting car usage is great for the environment. there are a lot of benifits that come from it. if we use car less then greenhouse gas emissons will decrease and thus cleaning the air of smog. some of the benefits that limiting car use is that . it decreases poisonous smog, . lots of cities in the world are doing it, . and last but not least it could promote other ways of travel. its about time that the world start changing some harmful habits. to start of, reducing car use is very effective when trying to get rid of smog. in some cities such as paris, smog is a big pollution there. in paris they even went head to head with beijing,china which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of this globally known city. by enforcing this, some days cars with even numbered license plate could drive. the next day odd numbered cars could drive. if you were caught then you were fined. so by paris doing this congestion was down a whopping  in paris after just  days. this would cut down greenhouse effects tremendously. so far reducing car use sounds pretty good. furthermore paris isnt the only place in the world to do this. bogota,colombia in a program thats set to spread to other countries, miliions of colombians either hiked, bike, skated, or took a bus to commute around the countriy to their destination. this is known as a car free day. this carfree day left the streets of the capitol void and empty of rush hour traffic. even the u.s. goverment is considering the international event that is also helping the environment at the same time. another thing to reduce greenhouse gas is if people would find a more alternative way of transportation. city buses could count as an alternative,because think if a bus could seat  people. think if all  people had their own car, then the emisson amout would substantialy increase  vehicles rather than  vehicle . other ways of transpotation are things such as bikes, skatesskateboard, or just walking. none of those alternatives release any type of emissions. in a way not using cars sounds great in many ways,but there are those people out there that rely on the usage of cars to transport themselves such as anyone with physical handicaps. maybe this is the start of something new but what happens to this earth is all on us so it what we dicide to do with it rather we wont it to last or we can just let it go and lose the one planet we have left.