are you a person that loves helping other people, going on adventures, and having fun? if you are you should join the seagoing cowboys girls. i will be talking about reasons to join the seagoing cowboysgirls and also details from lukes claim. the reasons you should join the seagoing cowboysgirls are you get to help other people, you get to take care of animals, and last but not least you get to have fun. helping other people is awesome because then they look up to you. caring for other animals is kind as well because then they will start to trust you and other animals will do the same. yes it can be a lot of work becase you have to keep them clean, make sure they have food and water, and you have to make sure there enviroment is clean, but its worth it. again last but not least you get to have fun! who in the world does not like to have fun? on board you get to do games like table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, baseball, and volleyball. luke claim is it is an apportunity of a lifetime and its an adventure, you get to freetime and do cool things, and it will open the world to you. before luke became a seagoing cowboy he worked two parttime jobs he worked in a grocery store and a bank. his friend don reist invited him to go to europe in a cattle boat. luke thought this was a chance of a lifetime and he couldnt pass it up so he went. when luke was on his way to china luke toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal. now thats an adeventure and it shows how he had free time to do that. being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger as he says. he says it opened the world for him. it allowed him to get a bigger picture of the world, and see what it was like. he says he is grateful for the apportunity and if you get an apportunity like that you should be glad to. in conculsion this sounds like a lot of fun to me . all thought it is hard work and you have to be dedicated to it. in the long run though it would be worth it, because you get to help so many people. if you like going on adventures, helping other people, and having fun. then a seagoing cowboygirl is the right job for you. what do you like most of being a seagoing cowboygirl?