many people think that the face on mars is a martian civilization trying to get our attention. well they are wrong about their claim. many people would love for a civilization to be on mars but the face is just a natural landform. people are getting worried about possible life on mars. conspiracy theorist are trying to make everyone believe something that is not true. many people are wondering if the face on mars is part of martian life or if it just a landform that coincidentally looks like a face. many peole have asked u why and how does the face look so much like a life form? the face is what was once a mesa or large hill of sorts. and it is about  miles long from one side to the other. also there is a possible lava dome under this formation. these landforms or mesa are just the ones we have in the american west, they are everywhere and are extremely common. just plainly the face looks like a face out of pure coincidence. no matrian life form would make this and if they did we would know about it. many conspiracy theorist are asking us why are you hiding the fact the martians have built this landform? if we did have in fact proof that there is in fact life on mars we would want everyone to come and join us to help us with finding more alien life. we wouldnt just hide one of the largest finds in the world if we id find life on mars. it would encourage people to look everywhere to try and find more life. but since this is just a landform and not a race of aliens we will have to wait until we find life somewhere. plus it would help us at nasa as a whole beacuse we dont have much funding and our budget is being cut a lot. this would help regain public view and help all of the people here have better wages and help with finding more things about space. one of the most asked questions how do you know that there isnt life on mars? if we did know there was life on mars there would be a lot of more activity on the planet. the face would have had more detail to it. another reason why we dont find life on mars is becasue we would have seen symbols or structures on the surface. it would have been more productful place that what it is now. and if there was any life it would have been long dead and covered over with the dust on mars. this landform is nothing to get all excited about. this is just a landform and is just coincidence that it looks like a landform. there is not life on mars and everyone needs to calm down. we have given high resoloution photos and it is just a mesa. if we do find life or hints that there was martian life we will alert everyone.