driverless cars are very convincing but i honestly think its not convincing enough. driverless cars have some good and bad strategies to them, drivers would be just wasting their time sitting there waiting their turn to take over the wheel. what do you think about the driveless cars are they a good thing or something bad? my opinion about driverless cars are that there really not all the way high expectations. they seem attempting but not that very attempting. driverless cars are kind of like human control cars the only difference between the two cars are that with driverless cars you dont have to put your foot on the gas pedal,i think that driverless cars are not that really safe neither.i have reasons why i dont think there safe. my first reason about the google driveless car not being safe is that if something goes wrong in the car fails, in the person cant control the wheel or the break in time they could be really injured.since the driverless car is made up with technology the car might have a technical problem and the car can blow up in that just my opinion not saying that the car is really going to blow up. my second reason that the driverless car is not a good idea because,its going to be to much complication between the person that invented the driverless car and the person who might get hurt.the law wouldnt know who to blame because it would be hard to tell, was it the person not paying attention?or was it the driverless car not being so driverless?. i think the driverless car would be better if it could do everything without a human still have to watch the road,and pay very close attention to everything thats going on. i think if the driverless car really wants to be a driverless car it shouldnt need a human to still take control over the wheel or to monitor that everything thats goin on. if a driverless car going to be a driverless car it needs to be really do everything i mean everything that a driverless car would,yes they have everything down pact navigation,automatic brakes,cameras to back up,speed that go up to mph, and that can even allcurate by themself. it just need more. driverless cars are cool but not that cool that i would drive it. i think that driverless cars need more detail left to them more safety features, and more technology features and thats my opinion about driverless cars.