would you think it would be safe if your car drove you not you driving your car? i think it would be negative thing if that were to happen. it does not reallly seem safe even if it is tested, something is gonna go wrong and someone will get in an accident. first, i dont think it would be a good idea becuase it says in the article the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. the necessitates the car being ready to quicly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. so if the human isnt paying that much attention and crashes, whose fault is it, the human or car? because the car isnt that advanced and the human wasnt paying attention. i think if they come out with a driverless car, it should really be driverless and the person behind the wheel doesnt have to worry about anything. it also says in the article traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. i agree with this because if it is snowing and the roads are icy, would you feel safer if a human was driving or technology in your car? i would think that most people would say human, because they might not test the driverless cars in that condition compared to a human that has experience and can do things easier. the article says, automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved, but can it really be solve? you can test positively on a sunny day but when it is windy and rainy and the wind is blowing on the side of the car, will the problems be solved then? will it have better control than a human? i would be really surprised if it did. second, if it gets in a crash, would it be okay to say it was the cars fault? i know it says if it needs the humans attention it will vibrate. but can you always count on that? i think that not everything is perfect so at times it might not vibrate and it will crash. will the human be able to sue the company. or will the company stick by their product, even though it is in the wrong. i think if one person gets in a crash and says it didnt vibrate then every other person that gets into a crash with the same car will say the exact same thing. and then it would make people not want those cars and trade theirs in for a new one. so is it really worth risking your life all for some car, that you knew it had a potential in messing up? third, the article says while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. it goes back to do you want your car to drive you or do you want to drive it? it is like is your car the boos or you? and that should be an easy answer, i wouldnt let the car drive me it doesnt make sense i bought the car so i could drive to places. i would never want my car to drive me. it just seems too dangerous, and not safe. even if you do it in an accident i would want to be driving knowing i did everything in my power to not get in that accident than knowing it was some technology that made me crash and potentially die. i just wouldnt want to wonder what if? and i hope you wouldnt too.