our society today is filled with lots of extravagant ideas including new and improved technology. for years, cars have been driven and made to where the person that is driving the car has full control of the car. each year, manufacturers and futurists find new ways to improve cars. automakers find problems that they can solve to make a car easy to drive. they also find new ways to improve the safety and efficiency. google cofounder sergey brin has discovered something that might change the way we use cars forever. driverless cars. that is something that no one would ever imagine. a car has always been made to where you have control of what direction the car goes and when the car should stop. but as you see in movies, there are driverless cars. while driving this car, the driver has almost no control over what car is doing. ths driverless car has sensors that tells the car if it should go or stop. the sensors can also cause the car to reuduce power from the engine. some may think that this change might make a huge impact on our future, but many others disagree. i am a part of the people that disagree about there being driverles cars in the near future. there are many reasons to support my argumentantive decision. one reason is because this would be absolutely unsafe for the driver and its passengers. many of todays technology has many faults and disadvantages. if for some reason something goes wrong with the wires or the engine of this driverless car, who know what could happen to any driving the car. the car may catch on fire, it may crash on its own because you have no absolute control of the car, or it may even stop working.this may also cause conflict between the driver and the manufacturer of the car. the blame could be put on the driver that the car was not properly taken cared of. another reason why disagree about there being driverless cars in the future is because these cars may also be very expensive. technoogy can take a very long time to process and the manufacturers have to make sure that nothing terrible happens to the car and its driver. it also probably cost tons of dollars to make a car like this because of all of its technology and hard work. the makers of the car may put a huge price on the car and americans may have conlict and troubles with not being able to afford the car that they want. this can also cause the manufacturers to lose a lot of money and that would not be good. in this driverless cars no one really knows how it will behave and what it might destroy. in conclusion, i disagree with the idea of making driverless cars. these cars can be very dangerous and it can be unaffordable. everyone wants a car that works correctly. and everyone wants a car that they have total control upon. being safe and secured is all that matters when it comes what car you are driving and who is completing its actions.