imagine getting into the drivers seat of a car. now picture yourself sitting down and starting the engine, and just sitting in the drivers sit while the car continues to drive and nagivative around the town. that is what a driverless car would feel like. but what happens when someone gets in a wreak, do they blame the car, or the person sitting in the drivers seat. people think that driverless cars are the future, but what if the cars are not all the way driverless, how much money will it cost, and what does the law say about having driverless cars on the road. first, the text states that  in , bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. not all of the driverless cars are actually driverless. some of the driverless cars make a sound when the driver needs to take over and start driving. so, the car is not completly driverless. second, how much money would a driverless car cost. the automobile companies are using more technology when buliding driverless cars. is the technology going to cost more. in paragraph  the text states that  googles modified toyota prius uses postionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a roating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the review mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and inertial motion sensor. all of those items in a car can not be cheap. finally, what laws are on driverless cars? in the states of california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia it is illegal to test drive a computer driven car. most of the laws for automobiles are made of humans being behind the wheel and in control of the car. also the text states  even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needs in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. that law would be in place so if someone driving a driverless car where to get into a wreak, the law would know who to blame. in the article driverless cars are coming, we learn how driving driverless cars can be dangerous, and costly.