the emotional expressions a person uses can tell a lot about that person and how they are feeling at that very moment. new technology has been helping people decode each others emotions. the use of this technology can help people understand each other just a bit better than before. people are becoming more aware of how to decribe our emotional expressions that are on our faces. just like with the mona lisa painting scientists says shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. the mona lisa painting can help us understand that even though it was painted many years ago we can still tell how she was feeling by her facial expression. this shows that we can do more than just decribe what we are feeling at the moment. this shows how we can keep people entertained. if somebody is bored of a television show or a commercial then they will not pay as close of attention to the computer then when you like the show or commercial. how would the computer keep the person entertained? this issue can be solved by the facial action coding system, because the computer could recognize that person is bored and then change the type of show or commercial to what they like. if the computer reads that the person is enjoying the show or commercial, then the computer will leave the type of show or commercial the way it is. this all can be showed by what facial expression a person uses at the computer. this way people are more entertained with what a person watches. the facial action coding system would help show if a person is actually learning or not while teaching. the students face can be recognized as confused or bored. this will help a teacher recognize that they should try a different technique as they are teaching. when a person is having mixed feelings on a subject then that issue can be addressed, so the person is no longer feeling that way. in the article dr. huang says  most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so this tells that people can know each other better with this technology. our faces have  major muscles that helps tell our emotions. these muscle helps scientists see if a person is pretending to be happy or is a person is genuinely happy. these muscles can tell if an important celebrity or politician is perhaps lying about liking a certain idea. this is a valuable tool to use, because if a country is wanting to go at war with another country then we can analyze the peoples emotions on the idea to see if it is truely a good idea to do. another way it is useful to know a leaders emotions is to see if they are scared or bluffing about an event that may or may not happen based on their emotions. our emotional expressions can help people understand their true feelings about each other. this is a valuable source to know at school, watching tv, and even during a war. we communicate a lot of ourselves through our emotional expressions. this is by showing what we are disgusted in, what we are scared of, or even what we like just in general. this technology can show us how a person from  years ago was feeling in a picture, because a picture can say a thousand words just like our emotional expressions can.