the author is clearly for this new technology that reads and evaluates all the different mixed emotions a person has. after reading the passage i personally think its invasive and unessiscary. this program monitors people to find out exactly what theyre feeling. in one scenario it says it would help students on an online schooling course. if the computer thought they were at some point confused about what was going on in the lesson, the program would help and change it to make it easier. while this is useful to the student, i think the computer could easily be fooled by someone coniving that might have just wanted an easy pass. if that would be the case, then the program is basically useless because no ones truely learning anything. another reason this is a bad idea is that it could make it a lot easier for hackers or identity theives to act and ruin peoples lives. in paragraph six it says, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. the program goes that deep to watch you for something as simple as your ads that its honestly terrifing. a hacker could find a way to monitor you the same way. technology has made it so easy for people to get their identities stolen and this new technology might just make it easier. in addition to being potentially dangerous, its also virtually useless. it says in the passage, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so computers need to understand that, too. the first part of the quote is true, however, theres no reasoning for the second part. it really just leaves you hanging, it would help their case more if they gave a solid answer as to why computers need to know, otherwise its simply an opinion. it gives examples of why its useful, but its for gaming and entertainment purposes, which is nothing that would dramatically improve human life. in addition to that, the program is invasive. people generally use the internet for research, students especially. the ads are already annoying and in the way, theres no reason for them to be custom to how the person feels. plus not everyone wants to be put in the spotlight and exposed like that, how they feel is their personal buisness, their life and opinion on certain situations. regardless on how anyone, myself included, feels about this new technology, its probably going to happen in the future. our generation has only ever known technology, and if anyone at all likes it then the producer is going to give it. its a fight between morals and greed, and i doubt the attitude of this generation is going to change.