i think that this type of technology could be very helpful but it could also be very scary if it isnt used properly. but, if it is only used for classroom use i think it could be very effective. there are plenty of ways this new technology could help schools help students learn better. especially, if it could help kids learn the best way they can. face recognition is also used in the new iphone x and there are already a whole bunch of new conspiracy theories about it. i think that is because humans have never seen this kind of technology used before, which can lead us to overthink and come up with crazy ideas in our heads because we dont fully understand this new technology. i feel as though facial action coding system would get the same reaction at first which could probably affect schooling in general. parents might hear negative stuff about this new technology and send their kids to different schools or start home schooling them, which would not be very good for the schools image. of course, the talk would die down at some point but people might still be reluctant at first. on the other hand, i think once all the suspicions do die down it would be a tremendous help to the school. as the passage was saying, that it could recognize if the student is getting bored it could change the way the lesson is being taught. i think this would help because everyone learns in a different way. it also was talking about if the student was confused and i was thinking maybe they could even just reword how the lesson is explaining the material. but, i do think the ad thing could be kind of annoying. yes, it might help somewhat, but i, as do many other people, dont really like ads to begin with. especially if they just pop up out of nowhere and onto my screen. it could help promote more things but i dont think that most people that are on the recieving end of these ads would be very fond of the idea. in conclusion, i think that this technology could be very helpful ,maybe even cool, if used correctly and with a lot of testing and patience. youre gonna need patience because of all the theories i talked about because no one knows how long that could last. but, nevertheless, i think that it would be entirely worth it.