the mission to venus is one that has been on a consent want and need for men and women but due to venus challenging surface and atmoshphere, it causes many set backs for nasa but they dont allow that to stop them. in the text it claims that,  while venus is simple to see from the distand but safe vantage point on earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely challenge . its possible to see venus from earth and enjoy the beauty as it comes, but many others want a closer look of the beauty and dangers of venus. nasa calls them missions and this is where the most results of a planet come to piece together the study. its clear that missions are dangerous but, each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours challenge . sending unmanned spacecraft before actual people is there way is studying without harming the people that are willing to risk a lot. earth and venus are two planets that are very interesting due to their layouts and the features and each one holds, each planet may have things that we wont know until we discover them. in the passage it explains what venus is to us, shown here, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the clost planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too challenge . this may seem like great news the two planets are alike and are close together but understanding a planet that has never seen people is hard. not only that huamns have never stepped foot on the planet but the overall income it may take to build a spacecraft, only for it to last couple of hours on the planet. many issues come to the surface when taking about sending a spacecraft to venus most often its, numerous factors contribute to venuss repution as a challening planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us challenge . after counting up the possible outcome of a mission to venus, its always a outcome very little information and the need for more. this make nasa went to explore a planet that is so close but has countless dangers. the dangers of one planet similar to the planet that many people live on would be far fetched until meeting venus. that means the yes earth and venus may be twins but ones not like the other. earth is a place of great colors and has a sence of beauty until looked upon by venus, shown in the text that, such an environment would crash even a submarine accustomed to driving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals challenge . when saying that earth and venus are twins, it can be seen more as venus is the evil twin and doesnt mean to but just is. venus is a present waiting to be open, its a like present because its never known whats in store for the person or persons opening it. the text explains that venusian geology and wather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to lond on its surface challenge . the climate of venus isnt a remake of earth its clear that its hold a lot more dangers to the study of the planet. also earth shares those dangers but not at the scale that vensu might. although venus is dangerous up close astronomers are still looking for answers and enlightment on the planet. the reasons for them still wanting figure out this planet is due to, venus probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like those on earth challenge . at one point venus have have been a on point twin capable on inhabiting lifeforms to live out thier days. now venus seems like its been in a bad mood due to the change. since the overrall climate of venus giving many scientist a hard time with the study of the planet shown in the text, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from distance challenge . the consent change in weather and how it already is makes it hard for researchers to reach the surface to gather information. leaving the scientists in a tough spot and not being able to do much other than just look and admire. scientists are not willing to tap out and say game over, they are determind to unfold the secrets of venus and the hidden life that it may or may not take care of without anyone knowing, scientists are hard at work with, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulationg the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions challenge . they made a carbide that would be able to withstand the climate and treats that venus throws that it, this could help with the resreach. there is a meaning behind travel to venus and its clear that many want this. shown in the text that  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insighted to be gained on the planet itself challenge . it means a lot to people that if this was capable of doing they would be helping with it because it would help further the span of life for many humans. venus is a planet much like ours, it may hold some differeance but in the end its clear to see that every planet does. no doubt that the dangers of space are anywhere and everywhere no matter where the mission is taking place but its the bigger picture that matters.