the article driverless cars are coming is something new the world is bringing. when i read this, their are both possitive and negative things happening. i am against the idea of having driverless cars. there could be many things that can go wrong with a car driving on its own. i strongly belive having all these fantastic ideas that your driverless car can do to be save but, this could be more deadly then somone driving on their own. driverless cars are just like robots. robots can easily break down for all different reasons. when a robot breaks down, it starts to act all crazy like and the person can no longer control what the robot is doing. that could happen with the driverless car. if a person was on a highway heading somewhere and their driverless car starts to break down, it could start acting up. it wouldnt just put the driver in danger, it could affect someone else in the car or on the road too. the driverless car could start to not be able to control itself and go off the road or, have buttons on the car to turn on to do something not needed. anything with a driverless car could be bad or go wrong. to get your license, you have to take driving test and go threw classes all just to get your permit and license. wants you finally have your license you can go off and drive. the people who were able to get their license were smart, responsible and independent people. when your on the road, you should always be careful no matter what. you are the adult driving with your license being save. why have a car driving you around places. whats the point working so hard to get your license when you have a car driving for you. all that hard work would be pointless. also, in the article it talked about how the person with the driverless car would be board just waiting to take a turn to drive. in conclusion, people who get there license want to drive. they like to drive. why have a car drive for you when your smart enough to drive somewhere. its more safer to drive on your own because, your smart and always aware when something is wrong. your driverless car can detect that too but your alive, not your car. lastly, in the article it talked about how it was illegal to have driverless cars in some states like california, nevada, flordia and district of columbia. if other states allow driverless cars, the people in the states that cant get them would be mad and jelouse. they would think that would be unfair. if you only own driverless car you would have to rent or buy a car just to go to those states like flordia to go to disney world. i strongly belive the savest way is to drive on your own without anything controling you.