the face of the alien on mars have you ever wonderd what the face on mars is? i have and im here to tell you about what i know about this face or piece of land on mars. would you discrice the land to be something the aliens made. well working with nasa has tought me some things. and i will tell you what this face on mars is now lets get started. we found out that the face is just a landmark of mars its not a face. the way the clouds were facing and the shadowing made it look like a face. and now that we know its not something another race made we dont have to worry as much. we also know that we took that photo in  and again in . we have inproved our cameras by a good amount since the last time we took it. then when we took it in  the image was much clearer and we could see the photo. from the text it says that we took  photos of the site as years went on. in fact we didnt have highresolution or d images back then. so we didnt really have the technology back then and now we do. sending another robot takes years to get to mars and time, taking photos that is another problem. now that we have better technology for this we can take better pictures. to explain this the cameras that we had back then really didnt have good pixle resulution. so we really couldnt get a good picture to capture this exciting moment of history. plus we can now get excited about our trip to mars later on. and we know what to expect a little bit. they said that we would take off to mars in  or around that time. and we need trained and willing people to take on the mission. now to sum this all up into one paragraph, ok lets see if i can do it. the face of the alien on mars really is a landmark not really a alien. by the look of the picture, the weather during the shot of the photo had dust and other particals that were in the way. and the shadows made it look like it was a face. and when we attempt to reach mars in  we know what to expect when the day comes. i hope you enjoyed reading this as much as i enjoyed typing it. hope that you learned something from this. and i hope you have a good day and i will see you in the next one.