imagine a world without drivers and how the age of driveless car can become a part of society. with the advancement of technology in todays world, driverless cars will become another way of how people travel, anoher way on how danger awareness comes into play, and how safe a driverless can be important to everyday travel. everyone has been on a public tranportation before and has either found it helpful to get from point a to point b. but sometimes they want the feeling of not having to deal with others on the bus such as yelling kids, people fighting on the bus , and other issuse that may cause discomfort. they want the feel of having been in a lemozine, where they dont have to deal with anyone else and have a smooth transition from point a to point b. while having to not deal with others while traveling, there comes a more issue on whether it is safe to have a driver or not. it can be said that having driverless cars can become a way of traveling, but what about the safety aspects of it? imagine that this idea of a driveless can becomes a success.in passage  it said that,the combination of all this input is necesarry for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a himan at the wheel. this would mean that someone wouldnt have to worry about driving because the car would be able to do that for them. it would be safe too because according to paragraph , it talks about built in sensors that can sense danger that a human drive might not be able to notice, such as the detection of skidding, speeding, or rollovers. this would minimize the likelihood of an acccident. having a driverless can become apart of society as a whole, whether someone is travleing to a party with friends or to not having to be focasing on the road itself while focousing on other things in the car, such as kids, pets, and other things that might become a distraction. as stated in paragraph , sitting in a car for hours can become boring and knowing that someone cannot watch a movie, text, or even sleep, it can be stressful. but with the driverless car, it would come equiped with heads up displays and car entertainments, so the passenger would never feel bored. imagine having a car that drives for a person without that person in control of it. think of how the age of technology would become more advance and how impotant it will impact the way we travel. imagine having a driverless car that will become another way of how people travel, anoher way on how danger awareness comes into play, and how safe a driverless can be important to everyday travel.