in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author claims that the idea of studing venus is a worthy persuit, even despite the dangers we may face. the author of this article, however, did not support their claims efficiently enough for others to also support that idea. i know that based on the lack of detail, value, and the previous issues we have face while studing this planet, all prove the authors lack of effectivness aswell. the author of this article gives us many facts about the planet itself, but not why it would be a worthy persuit to travel there. an example of how the author does this multiple times is how in the concluding paragraph they do not give the examples of our benefits in the exploration of venus. the author informs us that our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. the authors reasoning alone show no real support to the idea of why its worthy. the lack of value and reasoning show that the trip would be a waste of time. the authors thought on value is that there is insight there to be gained, but did not provide evidence to what that insight may be. the author also said it will lead us to equally intimidating endevors but that is likley not the fact, these will just take many of our resources and give us no real benefit for our future. the many previous issues that we have faced while researching this planet prove no point in why we should go there. the author stated that the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. with that information there would be no way for it to be an option for a planetary visit. to conclude, based on the lack of detail, value, and the previous issues we have faced while studing this planet, we all can prove the authors lack of effectivness aswell. after seeing all the facts and how there was no evidence for why we should continue to explore other than imagination, i do not belive that the author supports their claim of persuit, at all.