have you ever wondered if there is life somewhere else besides earth? well imagine being able to know more about space and its planets. knowing what is it like and how each planet has its enviroment, but just the idea of knowing more about each planet sounds amazing. as the author suggested that studying venusis is worthy even with the dangers it has, he supported his idea with facts, opinion, and examples. the author supported his idea with facts. he gave us facts that are true and explained each one of it. one example of the facts he used is the tempeture of venusis and many other facts about the planet enviroment as well as features about venus. as the author used the fcats he gave us it supported the idea that venus is planet worth to study and know more about. another way the author supported his idea is by giving his opinion. the article the challenge of exploring venus is an opinion based article because he gives his opinion throughout the article. one of the bigest opinion the author used was that he thinks that venusis is worth studying exploring even if there is danger. as the article talks about it with evidence, he also includes his opinion as well as other people too. an example of another opinion besides the author is the astronomers he included that astronomers are facinated with the idea that venus may one day be most earthlike. the last thing the author uses is examples. example of how things they can use to try to study venus. in paragraph  it talked about how nasa is working and trying to approach to study venus. nasa has been thing aboot examples project that could help them study venus without any troblue. one the projects they are trying out is an electronic made from silicon carbide which it has lasted about three week in the same condition that venus enviroment is. another project is something that has been used during the ww is a mechanical computer which it can be helpful as well. the author has developed his idea with good information as well as good facts, opinions, and examples. all this shows that the author has a well developed arguement that supports his idea.