what i think about driveless cars is that i think it will cause more accidents. the reason why i say is because today we have alot of accidents already with people not paying attention. so just think about how many we are going to have when people wont pay attention to their cars warnings. also stated in the text people will try and blame the manufacturers because the driver wasnt paying attention. the invetion i feel like it would cause alot of unnessesary deaths. i do think though that sometimes it maybe the manufacturers fault. the rason i say so is that they may have accidently put in a faulty part inside the car. also the passage did state that the car was going to be made by google, so it would be safe to assume that all the sensors would be on a wireless network of some kind. wireless networks are known to be hacked or they shut down fpor some reason. this would most likely cause the cars safe functions to not work as they are supposed to. those are just some ways that smart car accident could be manufacturers fault. lastly i think that the smart car could be a good idea for these reasons. the idea of letting the driver know of oncoming danger is crucial to parents and newbie drivers. it could actually save lives like telling people that ther is a truck coming or they are getting too close to a cliff. the text also said that it can tell drivers if ther is an accident,traffic stop, or anything in the way that would hinder the driver. i think that the idea in the text of it being on autopilot in some situations but will require the driver to drive sometimes. this would mean that the car will try to save the driver from dangerous situations, but it doesnt mean it voids the act of driving entirely. these were some pros that i thought were the best. allinall i think it isnt that good of an idea just because so many bad things can lead to the deaths of many. if the companies making the smart cars tweaked a few of the ideas and made sure to test every car for faulty parts then i guess some people will be ok. the people that wont, which makes me still think is a bad idea, are the ones that dont pay attention or care for the well being of others. a idea that the text said was that they make the car record the driver to see if they are paying attention. another idead that i think should go along with this is that the drivers that dont pay attention get severe punishments and have their licenses revoked. even though i think this is a bad idea i am not against it, and i would like to see what inventions will be made in the near future.