driverless cars on coming soon, and most people arent worried or see the danger of any of this. to have many self driving cars on the street is dangerous and unless the cars have been tested and are fully operational with no common errors or bugs. before creating driverless cars, it is very important that they have been vigerously tested and confirmed to be safe. regulations in most states state that it is illegal to test the computerdriven cars. safty is a huge factor in deciding weather or not the driverless cars should be everywhere on the street, however they wont be everywhere for a while. the technology is well known to be expensive, but this can still be at a great risk. googles self driving cars are still in development, but recently in the last few months theyve gotten into wrecks, and in one case, hit a man on camera, however he is fine now. a situation like that scared a lot of people and changed their mind on these cars. whether or not the car was still in development doesnt matter, what matters is that these selfdriven cars have the ability to do this damage. this isnt even my greatest fear about these cars yet. buying a selfdriven car has what benifits? bragging rights? its a twohundred thousand early adopter fee, because its very enforced that you dont fall asleep even if your car is driving for you. the driver still needs to pay attention to the road because at a time that the car doesnt know what to do next, as it goes onto an unmapped road in its data base, it will alert the driver to take over. in a similar case, the system fails, because computers fail everyday, the driver is not paying attention because his new car can drive by itself, then the system fails as the car is going sixty miles per hour on a road with many other cars. accidnets can occur if the driver believes that their new car can do everything by itself. my main issue with these cars is what if someone hacks your car? it sounds silly and far fetched at first, but it has already happened. some kids in their parents basement decided to hack a car, just to see if they could, and they sucsessfully did. there was a bug in the software of a particular, non selfdriving car, took control of the steering and disaled the breaks. if this can happen to humandriven car, then the odds of this happening to a fully computer operated vehicle will be more copious. if some kids had the ability to do this, imagine all of the car crashes and injuries that could occur if many or most cars on the street were selfdriven. the rise of selfdriving cars is a bad idea, its going to happen, many companies are working hard to be the first, and there is money to be made. there are a lot of problems that rise up with cars that drive themselves, being the drivers themselves not paying attention, the computer shutting down, malfunctioning, or being hacked. there is too much risk in a rise of this caliber.