value of face action coding systems in schools today, i believe that in some cases face recogniton in classrooms could be slightly valuable but overall i think that there would be more negative effects than positive effects when it comes to face action coding on school computers. some negative effects of the face action coding system could be things like innacurate face readings, more difficult or ineffective way of learning, or minimization of comunication and decreased likelyhood of relationships between students and their teachers. these examples lead me to think that facial recognition is not important for schools to have for their students. if the face coding software was inacurate, your work would be effected in ways you might not want it to be or you could come off a different way than you are really feeling. in the text it state that the software can detect if a person beomes confused or bored with something if you make a certan facial expression. once this happens the information would get relayed back to your teacher so he or she can make ajustments for your assignment if needed, but what if the facial expression that was made was totally erellevant to your assignment. as i do assignments i sometimes think about other things and make facial expressons about my thoughts. maybe the expression of confusion or bordum might cross my face and get relayed back to the teacher when the facial expression made was not made because of the assignment. these are examples of how facial recognition could be giving incorrect information back to teachers. if the computer could tell ever emotion you had towards your assignment you would never need to actually communicate face to face with your teacher. the author shows in the text that as the emotions are detected, the teacher would give modifycations to the assignment without you even asking them to or asking for help. most communication between teachers and students is done by asking questions about assignments and how they feel about something in the class. i believe that students should be able to speak face to face to the people assigning their work instead of turning away from most communication between students and teachers. to me i can see the facial coding system effecting the learning of students. in the text it states that it can modify the assignmets just like a teacher would if it detects signs of being confused or bored. if a student is neither bored or confused but the computer detects that by their facial expression, then it could change the assinment even if the student didnt need the assignment changed. this would either give the student a break by making the assignmet too easy or it would push the student out of where they need to be by making the assignment harder. this would then effect how the student learns. in conclusion, facial recogniton in classrooms will lead to more problems than it would help by bringing it into schools. i would rather share my emothions to a teacher when i felt the need to instead of a computer telling emotions back to my teacher that may be innacurate. i also would rather have a teacher giving me modified work so it would help me in learning. this is why i disagree with facial coding systems in schools today.