do you want to be able to feel more safe while you are in the car? if you answered yes, then you might want a car that can senses all the dangers thats surrounding you before you can. car is a great transportation to go to places, so its important that you are safe while youre in the car. diverless cars are being develop driverless cars are cars that can drive itself without you touching the steeling wheel. while you are in a car, it is important that youre safe from all dangers that is surrounding you.most cars company are developing driverless cars, meaning that the car can drives itself without you even touching the steeling wheel. almost every cars have safety featers. for example, in paragraph  it said, googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. all these sensors will help you be more safe while you are in the car. another good thing about driverless cars in the furture is that the car would use half the fuel of todays taxi system and offer far more flexibility than a bus. another good reason to have driverless cars in the furture is that, say that you are going on a vaction and you are driving about  hours, but you dont want to take a rest before you would slow down the time of getting there so by having a driverless car, you can set the car to drives itself while you can relex and rest for a bit. after you got some rest and feel better, you can set the driverlss mode off and you continued driving. cars that can detect dangers before you can its important feater to have. in paragraph  it said that  in , bmw announed the development of  traffic jam assistatn. the car handle drivong functions at speeds up tp  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. this means that the car will help the driver focus on the road. also in paragraph  it said that  they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. meaning that if you are not paying attention the car can stop itself before an accident happens. so yes developing driverless cars is a good idea in the future. it has a lot of safety featers that can help to stop an accident before it happens. its important that you are safe while you are in the car. most of cars company is developing cars that can drives itself without you even touching the steeling wheel.