the author said the studying venus is the worthy pursuit despite the dangers. the venus was the closet planet to the earth and the closet in the distance. in venus there are  percent carbon dioxide and hightly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus atmosphere, and venus is the hottest surface temperture than any other planet in our solar system. first, the author said venus was the closet planet to the earth and the closet in the distance. earth,venus, and mars orbit the sun at the diferent speed. sometime the earth are closer to the venus because venus is sometimes right around the corner. human has sent numerous spacecraft to land on clouddarped world. the mission was unmanned because the numerous factor contribute to venuss reputation to study. second, in venus there are  percent carbon dioxide and hightly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus atmosphere. tempeture average over  degrees fehenheit and atmosphice pressure is  time greater than our planet. it is dangerous for humans environmant because it would crush a submarine accustomed to divided the deepset parts of our ocean. next, the authour said venus is the hottest surface temperture than any other planet in our solar system. venus is hight pressure and heat,venusain geology and weather present impediments like erupting volcanoes,power earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on it surface. then, the author said some features that are anologous on earth. it has surface on rocky sediment, such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the national aeronatics and space administration has senting human to study venus. they found that venus would avoid the ground condition by staying up and out of their ways if they fly over many storm. at the thirthyplus miles above the surface, temperture would be toasty at around  degrees fehenheit, but the air pressure would be closed to the sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth level. it survivable for human. finally, the author also said venus from a ship orbiting safty far above the planet can provide only limite insight on ground condition because most of light cant penetrate the dense atmosphere, redering standard form of photography and videography ineffective. challenge presented by venus has value because curiosity wil likely to lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. in conclution, the studying venus is the worthy pursuit despite the dangers. the venus was the closet planet to the earth and the closet in the distance. in venus there are  percent carbon dioxide and hightly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus atmosphere, and venus is the hottest surface temperture than any other planet in our solar system. the author said some features that are anologous on earth. the author said some features that are anologous on earth. the author our travels on earth and beyund should npt be limited by dangers and doubts bu should be expanded to meet the very edges of imgination and innovation.