if you where in world war  you would be scared andor sad. if your house got destroyed and so did your farm it is ok if the seagoing cowboys where there. if you joined the seagoing cowboys you could help a lot of people and yourself. i strongly think that you should join luke in the seagoing cowboys program. the seagoing cowboys program is a program for boys. in order to join the seagoing cowboys program you had to be a boy. you where in the seagoing cowboys program for as long as you wanted but, the highest was  trips. they take care of all types of animals and you get to go all over the world and see many different things. first thing you do is to go over the seas. next you find where you need to go so you can go and help the area that have animals. second you have to help people and animals by taking them to a safe place and trying to help them with everything you have. lastly you go back to find more or go to a new place to help new people. helping is a good thing for all people but, you can also look around the places you are. for example, you get to go to greece and help cargo  horses and all so look at the place. lastly you could get many items to bring back to remind you of going and helping the people that need it the most and by going somewhere fun. if you join the program then you get to meet many different people and try many new things. but, going only for fun is not the main reason. the main reason of going is to help people, animals, and other things. it is world war  at the time and many animals and people are trying to help them selfs but, they cant and that is why you should help them and join the seagoing cowboys program. these are all my reasons talking about why you should join the seagoing cowboys program. if you joined this program you could help many people and also help yourself in many ways. i extreamly think that you should join the seagoing cowboys in there adventures and having the experience of your life helping many people in need. just remeber next time you hear someone lost ther barn or farm the seagoing cowboys will always help.