traveling outside of our planet ,we call earth, seems bizarre. unless nasa sends a couple astronauts out to the moon, traveling to any other planet is not something a person would be used to hearing everyday. imagine going to a planet where it is surrounded by a carbon dioxide atmosphere and a corrosive sulfuric acid atmosphere combined. while it only gets up to a little over  degrees in many places aorund the world in the summer, this planet gets over  degreees fahrenheit year round. obviously, it seems impossible to live there without dying immediately. but, isnt that why we have spacecrafts to go off and do missions? many spacecrafts only make it a few hours when sent to this planet, making it nearly impossible. surprisingly enough, this planet is known as venus. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density, size and distance, which makes sense why so many scientists and employees at nasa are so interested in studying venus. venus is known as earths sister planet. earth being very similar to venus, venus is extremely different in ways it is hard for a human being to imagine. but, once upon a time, venus was more earthlike than ever before. it was covered in large oceans with a suitable way for forms of life to live there. today, venus has some similarities, such as a surface of rocky sediment and has valleys, mountains, and craters. being so similar to earth, scientists decided to take up on diving deeper in the world of venus. venus has an incredible amount of dnager, which is why nasa has options for making the mission safe but also scientifically productive. one of several options would be to send humans to study venus floating above the fray. with this option, the humans would be able to survive, but still have to go through  degree temperatures. an obvious disadvantage to floating above the fray would be the distance barrier. it is very hard to collect samples of rock, gas, or photos from that far of a distance. rendering standard forms of photograph and videography become ineffective because floating from such a distance provides limited insight. the right but more difficult path to take would be figuring out a way to reach ground level on venus. not impossible, researchers are working on innovations that would let the machines last long enough to contribute meaningfully to get more knowledge on venus. some of the simplified electronics are made of silicon carbid and have also been tested in some of the extreme dangers that venus has. a second similar machine would have been similar to mechanical computers used base in the s during world war ii. these type of devices make calculations by using gears and levers without the need of electronics. todays modern technology would be fragile to be able to sustain any type of conditions in venus, although it is way easier and faster to use modern day technology for this specific challenge. having danger limit the human brain is one of the easier said than done situations. after a while, humans will become to curious and will want to know more about venus and about all of the dangers that come with it. there is no other way to figure these things out other than figuring out a way to see all of it for ourselves. using our curiousity, researchers and those who work at nasa might be able to create new innovations or ways to see all of the dangers that are within the scary planet of venus.