driverless cars would be a good source for people to have. it would be a very helpful thing, we would use less of our time to drive than the time we do today. people would have more time to do other things also. people would also take a break from driving because they sometimes get tired of driving so much. for example people have to drive so much when they go to their jobs,stores,doctor etc. driverless cars have the best aspects, some exaples are transportation,safetly and awesome. i think that driverless cars would be a good transportation for the people. i think the driverless cars have very good aspects that will do good foe us. for example people would drive less and that means they would use less fuel and not waste a lot of money. driverless cars also uses half of the fuel that taxis use today, therefor people would save up more money. driverless cars also have a very good flexibility more than a bus so i say that these upcoming driverless cars are going to make our lifes easier and better. another reason why we should have the driveless cars are because they are safety. cars has been drive for more them a million miles without a crash so that means that their safe to have them. these cars also alert the drivers when they have take over pulling in and out of the driveways. also when the cars gets to the point where there is a coplicated traffic issue like roadwork or accidents. driverless cars alerts to know that somethings is happening and therefor we can avoid accidents or other stuff. lastly driverless cars would just be awesome. it would be very nice to have a car like that and that you would have o worry about driving it. also if actually wanted to drive the car because it would be boring not driving you could. the driverless car would quickly turn off and the driver could take over.its awesome because it has several aspects that are just great and that people would not complained about it because they are satisfied and like it. people would be fascinated to have these new cars. people would think they are worth to make them because it would be a very good thing for the whole world to have. another good thing about thsese new cars, is that a lot people would want to buy because they would really like them. therefor the people who made them would sell a lot ot the driverless cars and would make a lot of money.