computers that detect emotion would not be useful in a classroom because it would add extra work for teachers, and the computers wouldnt be immune to network problems and other things of that nature. they also probably will make mistakes in detecting emotions, and possible cause problems for students and teachers. there is also alot of contrversy on the data that computers already collect on their users everyday. with that why would parents want their childs emotional data collected and sold off to companys just to give them better ads. while there may be some good reasons for having emotion detecting computers the bad outweigh the good. computers knowing how their users feel would cause alot of problems for society as a whole, especially if it was implemented in schools. if this new technology was placed in our schools for everyday use, there is a high likelyhood that there would be many problems with it. dr. huang states, a classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.dalto,  the idea behind this is brilliant a computure will make class less boring and more understandable for students who may be struggling. the flaw in this logic is that teacher would have to make more than one lesson, and they would then have to put in the conditions in for which lesson the computer should give the children. this would add alot of extra work for a teacher where as if the teacher is instructing the whole class they can take a moment to clarify if students look confused, and then that is all and they can move on without having to make diffrent slides or another worksheet. not only would the teacher have to put in more time, but the student would possibly be on a totally diffent page than the rest of the class due to diffrences in possible lessons. one other very likely problem that students will face is problems with the actual computer becasue it will lag, or they will have problems with the wifi. then how will the student be able to get their class work done. there is also a lot of contrversy surronding the data that computers already collect on their users everyday. it would be safe to say that a majority of parents and gardians would not be fine with thier childrens emotional data being collected, and it then being sold off to give them better ads. becase in all honesty children are not only using school computes for educational purposes, there are many students who are playing games, looking at articles, and in general not doing school work. there is also many times teachers tell students to look things up, and anytime something is looked up online there are ads. right now these ads are mostly targeted towards things that have been looked up in the past or things that have been clicked on. dr, huang says, for example, if you smile when a web as appears on your screen, a simmilar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be diffrent. dalto,  why would parents want google ad generation to know you child looked at a random ad and just so happened to smile? it doesnt make any sense. also not only does the program that caught that lovely smile know, but now the people the company owning that program sold it to know too. one thing that should not be sold for profit is someones emotional data. now the reasons that people would want emotion reading technogly in classrooms should be addressed. a student might do better in school should they be able to have a lesson almost entierly catering to their intrests. dr. huang states, then tit could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.  dalto,  this would mean that the student would be able to have a lesson that they understand, and that they would be interested in. this would promote more learning and better grades. this tecnology is a bad idea for teachers and students alike to have emotion reading techonlogy placed in classroom, and there would likey be an poutcry from the public to remove them due to their emotional information being sold to companies. the bad outcomes just outweigh the positives.