driverless cars good or bad idea? i believe driverless cars are a very bad idea because when these cars come out with the technology to drive theirselves it will not be driving theirselves all the time and will not know how to go into driveways, parking garages, backroads, etc. also even though it might be accurate at driving itself on the road it will not do good in the snow at all or different weather situations, and finaly it will not prevent any accident at all because even a human cant stop accidents on the roads. one good thing about it is it can go the speed limit at all times and you wont get any tickets unless the system acts up. when they come out with the technology for driveress cars it will be a bad idea because it wont really be driverless if it still requires for you to sit in the seat on the steering wheel and will make you drive it to park, go into driveways, etc. also it will alert you when you need to drive the car, but isnt the whole point of driverless cars is to have the computer technology in the car drive itself while you can do other things and dont need to be focused on if the computer technology is going to fail. another reason driverless cars is a bad idea is because they didnt relalize in the different weather situations that could interfear with the cameras or sensors and cause you to drive right off the road, and if the technology uses the gps wifi, if that gps wifi fails you will have no way of stopping it from just driving off the road and would not get warned about it at all if other things were to fail in the technology of the cars computer system and finaly the most important reason driverless cars is a bad idea is because it will not prevent any accident for example if you are driving down the road somone turns left on a red light your car wont know what to do that fast it wont know how to swerve around it or anything so you would just tbone the other driver. also with accidents if your car gets somone injured in a accident or kills somone whos fault is it? is it going to be the manufacturers made the driverless system or the person in the drivers seat holding the steering wheel. with this technology people can easily lie and say it was the computers fault and get away with it if that is the case. i believe driverless cars are a very bad idea because when these cars come out with the technology to drive theirselves it will not be driving theirselves all the time and will not know how to go into driveways, parking garages, backroads, etc. also even though it might be accurate at driving itself on the road it will not do good in the snow at all or different weather situations, and finaly it will not prevent any accident at all because even a human cant stop accidents on the roads. that is why i believe driverless cars are a horriblebad idea for all drivers and everyone and their safety.