the face on mars is not created by aliens. it is a natural landform just like the ones we have on earth. i understand that some people may think otherwise, but scientists figured out that it is just another martian mesa. meanwhile defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an acient civilization on mars. we have taken three pictures of the face and studied them intensly. it doesnt matter how much better the picture is because it is proven that it is a natural landform. as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see that they were! what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. i really do not understand why or how people think that aliens created this landform. why would they have done it? what would it be for? why would they just make a huge, random, human like head? i do not know. you have scientists proving that this is just a landform and yet you still have people who doubt the logic. there will always be people who doubt the logic. we took a picture on april , . thousands of anxious wed surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing... a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. no surpirse there. but even after that not everyone was satisfied. skeptics said that perhaps alien markings were hidden by haze. so on april ,  a cloudless summer day we took another picture. the photo was extraordinary. this photo proved a lot of skeptics wrong, but there will always be those people who doubt. nevertheless it is proven that the face on mars is not created by aliens and that it is just a natural landform. it will always be a natural landform. nothing else. i guess some people are just determined to make life interesting. and by all means life is what you make it. the face on mars will never be forgotten of course, but without the suspician of aliens the face is not that interesting to many people. the face might be fun to learn about, but its not something you will remember throughout your life.