in vauban germany, the people in the suburbs have stopped driving. parking or housing a car predominately prohibited and the only vehicle youd see is the tram that take citizens from the edge of the community or to downtown freiburg. you can own a car, but the parking space is incredibly limited, sometimes even expensive. the residents arent complaining.  of the population even had sold their car to live in vauban, one woman even stating she felt less tense without a vehicle. the growing trend of reducing automotive use in suburban lifestyles is a role in a movement known as smart planning. cars are often heavily populated in the suburbs, which hinders the efforts to reduce greenhouse gas tailpipe emissions, as up to  of greenhouse gas emissions in the us come from cars. many of the world is now slowly following vaubans steps with actions like reducing the size of suburbs and and giving its residents more access to public transportation. rather than creating distant malls along highways, stores are being placed on a main street thats a walk away. in paris, after dealing with a nearly recordhigh amount of smog, a driving ban was enforced to reduce andor clear out the pollution. public transit was free and the smog managed to clear enough that cars with oddnumbered plates were allowed to be put in use again. bogota, california also took part in a day without passenger vehicles, with only buses and taxis in commision. on day without cars,  million people rode bikes, skated, hiked, or took a bus to their job. its believed to help reduce pollution and reduce stress. thanks to the day, parks and sport centers have appeared, sidewalks made smoother and broadened, rushhour rules designed to cute traffic, and plenty of new shops and dining places within short distance. recents studies also appear reveal a decrease in car purchases as time passes, raising the question of americas interest in automotives and driving. as of , an average person drove  below the peak, identical to where is was in . while the price of cars is a factor taken into consideration, the decrease hopefully hints to a more permanent drop in car use. with this comes a benificial lessen of carbon emmissions, conserve resources and improve safety. only time will tell where it will go from here.