the author presents the idea that venus is a worthy contestant for exploraton despite all of its present dangers. despite all of the authors reasoning, there is yet an actual valid reason as to why we should keep attempting to explore it. everything we have tried to send there has melted due to its inability to cope with venus extreme temperatures. we cannot attempt to send people up there if were not sure whether or not its safe for people to stay there for long due to its inhabitable conditions. also i would imagine that these machines we send to other planets are not very costfriendly at all, so what would be the point to send all these machines that would only last a couple hours. venus has an average surface temperature of  degrees fahreheit and thats not even close to anything we experience here on earth. we dont really have any metals or materials that would last for very long in those types of conditions, were just not there yet. the idea of sending people to go and study venus is absolutely horrible. were not anywhere close to  sure of humans could comfortably live in those types of conditions. it would be too risky to send a bunch of people up there to study venus but then have something so wrong and end up with people dead or harmed in an way. our machines only last for a matter of hours on the surface of venus, these things that we send to go and explore are most likely very costly. why would you want to waste that much money on something that only last a matter of hours. i understand that we cant get much information from watching from afar but we cant keep spending money on such things just to keep sending them back there to only get destroyed after a while, its just not worth the time or money in the long haul. the author presented some pretty ok arguemets as to why we should try to continue to study venus allthough it presents some obvious dangers. the reasons as to why we shouldnt continue its study are stonger than the reasons as to why we should. we cant survive in its inhabitable conditions. we cant send anything there for long due to it being destroyed after a matter of hours. lastly, we cant waste money on such a useless project that will serve nothing to helping the human race. we should not continue to study venus, it is not worth all the hassle.