the author claim is that exploring venus is worth pursuing even tho its every dangerous. the author suggests that studying venus is a great chance to learn and find new things and supports alot of theses claims by giveing some great support on why its a good idea. the author starts by explaning that venus is referrd to as earhs twin in maney cases cause its the closest planet to the earth in terms of density and size. venus also nickednamed the evening star is one of the planets closest to the earth in distance as also mars is in that distance aswell. all three planets are around and orbit the sun at different speeds says the author in paragraph .often referred to as earths twin venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closet in the distnace too. earth,venus,mars,our planetary negihbor,orbit the sun at different speeds. the author starts giving his part on why we should study and travel venus by saying its the planet the may have once been the most earth like planet in the solar system long ago and was probbley covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like how earth is today. venus still has some known features that still resemble earth today like the planet haveing a rocky sediment and includs things such as valleys,moutains,craters. altho venus does seem nice its very dangerous to travel there and is not safe for humans at the moment. scientest have sent numerous spacecrafts to land on venus but no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. venus also has a thick atomosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide that sarounds venus. the even more challeging thing is the clouds that are highly corrosive of sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere and the fact that the planets surface temperature is over  degrees fahrenheit makeing these far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth as said by the author in paragraph a thick amtosphere of almost  percent carbon dixiode blankets venus.even more challeing are the clouds of highely corrosive sulfuric acid in venu,s atomsphere. traveling to venus seems too dangerous but the author gives some ideas on how we can possably make traveling to venus safer. one of these ideas come from the national aeronautics and space adinistration also known as nasa.this idea is for sending humans to study venus nasa,s soluiton to the harsh venus conditions of its surface is to make a blimp like vehicle that would hover  or so miles above the planet. this would allow scientists to avoid the unfirendly ground conditions of venus and with the only minor problem being the air would still be a little hot at  degrees fahrenheit but the air pressure being close to earth at sea level. this is one of the maney ideas on how to vist the planet venus and its values says the author.striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value,not only because of the insigt to be gaind on the planet itself,but also beacause human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.