in the article titled the challenge of exploring venus, the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers of its enviorment by, letting the reader know how much we can accomplish by exploring a new planet similar to earth, and by letting the readers know that our travels as humans should not be limited by any dangers. in the article the author lets the readeer know how much we can accomplish by exploring a new planet similar to earth by first, explaining that we can discover things that we havent discovered before. in the article it states. nasa is workinf on other approaches to study venus for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface. by reading this sentence from the article you can see that scientist are trying to create an object strong enough to resist venuss enviorment. by doing this you can discover new life or objects that we do not have on earth that might help. another way the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers is by letting the readers know that our travels as humans should not be limited by any dangers. the author talks about how us as humans should overcome our fears and challenegs to reach new discoverys. in the article it states.  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. aftere reading this sentence you can conclud that the author wants the readed to expand his mind beyond the horizan meaning, we as humans need to explore more of of where we live and not let our fears get the best of us. in conclusion, the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers of its enviorment by, letting the reader know how much we can accomplish by exploring a new planet similar to earth, and by letting the readers know that our travels as humans should not be limited by any dangers.