many students take their own charge in school, but that often means they hide important information from others for instance, when they are not sure about something or when they are tired and find it hard to focus. these types of situations are hard for schools to deal with. however, there is some technology that could help. made by dr. paul eckman, the facs facial action coding system uses major muscles in the face to calculate a persons emotions. this technology has been used in many places, but one of the big places it could be used is the classroom. as long as it is used right, the facial action coding system could greatly improve student interest, focus, and clear up confusion in different lessons. the uses start with student interest. school often is not the most exciting place in the world, especially in higher grades. the biggest argument for this is that they dont need interest in what they learn, they are adults. however, that is not completely true. anyone can become uninterested in something, and it can impact how much effort they put into it. thats where the facs comes in. it could recognize when a student is uninterested in something and find some way to fix that. ways to make something interesting vary by student, so building a plan and relationship with the student is an important part to making it work properly. some people will likely say that doing this is way more work than it should be for something so small, but they do not realize how big that actually is. everything a student learns is going to impact their lives in some way, and its a schools job to make sure this sticks with the student. if it does not, who knows what will happen. make sure to remember that uninterest isnt the only way a student can lose what they are supposed to get from school. with students having to wake up early and do homework almost every day, it can be hard to get the right amount of sleep. this can possibly lead to a lack of focus if what the student is learning in school is not engaging enough. many people could call this a lack of focus. losing focus in the middle of a class often leads to forgetting almost all the information from the class that day. if we could detect drowsiness in class, the information could be used to try and talk to the child about a better sleep schedule. if communication with the child on this front wouldnt be possible, the teacher could try and find some way to increase interactivity in such a way that increases focus for most students in the classroom. one common argument ive seen against this is that it is an unnecessarily annoying affair, but theres nothing really backing this up. as long as it is implemented correctly, any major annoyance can be avoided. both of these first two reasons had a lot to do with the student personally, but sometimes it has more to do with the lesson and how understandable it is. confusion is a strange mix of anger and sadness when a fact or solution cannot be understood properly, or a different fact or solution was understood before and a new fact or solution is taking its place now. it is a common emotion in schools, and could be avoided easily with the facs. when the facs detects that a student is confused, the content is broken down for the student in a way that is easier to understand. the content can be delivered at the students own pace, in an attempt to keep the student from getting even more lost. a system similar to this could save many students from getting bad grades. now someone is probably saying why cant the students ask about the problem when they get confused, and this is a very good point. however, it is also an easy point to shoot down. many students find the prospect of asking questions scary, especially with the idea of a bad question or stupid question and personal embarassment. with this idea in place, they wouldnt have to ask publically or get shamed by the teacher for not understanding the subject. instead, the entire proccess could be private. it would eliminate confusion in many subjects. and so, with the elimination of confusion in the classroom, the increase of focus during lessons, and the implementation of systems to increase student interest, the facs could be a lifesaver for many students in school. however, with the cost of implementing such a system likely being outrageous, the chance of this being implemented is low. nevertheless, we can always try.