the electorial college is a bad thing because voters arent voting directly for the candidates. voters are only voting for a slate of electors that then vote for a president. uninformed people might be mislead as to what they are actually voting for. the election should be changed to popular vote because the electorial college is not votiong directly on a matter. while big states have more say in what happens, small states were created to have just as much power. there are few states with over twenty electorial votes, and twenty votes is a lot. but, there are far more small statesin terms of population than big states. having many states with only  beats few big states with . some candidates won the popular vote, but lost the electorial vote due to what states they were popular in. this sways the actual results of voting and messes up what should be based on raw voting numbers. having electors making the desision for the state is another reason why certain candidates lose. some people in america dont know the difference between the popular vote and electorial vote. this can result in people being mislead. if a candidate were to visit california and make a good impression, that state would have a higher chance of being in that candidates favor. if another candidate were to go to montana, make a good impression just like the first one, he would have the advantage for that state. both candidates put in the same effort, but the first one would have many more electorial votes than the second mainly because of how electorial votes work. the winner takes all rule is also in some way bad. candidates would be competing over larger states like california and new york, if the voting within that state came down to a  to  percent vote, one candidate would be so close but acheive absoloutly nothing. each candidate should get whatever votes they earned to make the voting the way it should be and more fair. the electorial college is in many ways imperfect, which is why popular vote would be more efficient and more of an actual competition. popular vote is also a way to make voting simple.