there are quite a few advantages in limiting car usage. you may think thats a very silly idea but honestly you have no idea. lets look at the bright side of this. if we limit car usage there will be less money waste, because you wont have to worry about spending your money on gas. instead you can use it for something more valuable. also in the article they mention this...street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden inthis experimental new district on the outskirts of freiburg, near the french and swiss borders. they dont really even use the cars so why have them if to some people in french they are useless. also as a result,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here.when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainerand mother of two. so now i know that not everyone needs a car most people dont. they think that us having only taxis and busses things would be a better community and society to us, but i disagree. we wouldnt be able to get from one place to another as fast as we can, because of how there are people going everywhere to different places. so im glad we dont have only busses and taxis. in the united states, the enviromental protection agency is promoting car reduce communities, and legislators are starting to act,if cautiosuly. in previous bills,  percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only  percent to other transport. can yall believe that for the first time, two other colombian cities, cali and valledupar, joined the event. meaning they are for getting rid of cars. also as of apirl , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january , part of the explination is because americans could not afford new cars, and the unemplyed werent going to work anyway. new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do a proliferation of carsharing programs across the nation. also a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and ...thats crazy to think about that now we are in  and i believe that number has most likely gone up. we need to fix it as soon as we can to prevent harm to our sociecty, because the younger ones have more reckless drivers than the older ones, and adults. finally, those are my reason and my explinations on why i think cars should stop because of the harm to our community and how we should start using bikes or even walk from point a to point be,or use the busses either one will safe us the gas mopney for example. also it would prevent less deaths because there wouldnt be so many cars all together at once