the challenge of exploring venus venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because striving a challenge presented by venus has value. not only because of the insight to be gain on the planet itself. also human curiosity likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. venus sometime called the evening star, it is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky and yet venus can sometime be our nearest option for a planetary visit. one of the reason the author support the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is venus is one of the planets close to the earth. in the text each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus is more than three decades. this quote from the text show that landing in the planet on venus is very diffcult and challenge planet for human to study, despite its proximity to us. another reason is many researcher are having venus as challengers because scientists go through mission to understand venus would go up close despite the risks. inthe text it stated or maybe we should think of them as challenges. many researchers are working o innovation that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. this mean that many scientist on the earth will risk and take challenge to get and learn more about the venus and that it is worthy it to pursuit despite the dangers it presents. my last reason why the author supports the idean that studying venus is worthy persuit despite the dangers is that the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. venus allow scientists to float above the fray.one of the example is ...a vehicle over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by standing up and out of their way. this shown that venus are not bad as far as i know from the article because it allow scientist from the nasa working on studying on to venus. in conclusion venus has a value. in the planet itself human are curiosity lead human into many equally intimidating endeavors. the article shown that many researcher includinding the scientist are making a mission both safe and scientifically productive. as we know the solar power would be plentiful and radiation would not exceed earth level and it is not easy for survivable for human.