what if cars were never invented? what if cars were so much money no one will be able to buy them? limiting the usage of cars can help the economy and help the environment in many ways. places like germany, paris, and bogota have banned the usage of cars. they say that since they have did that congestion in the cities have gone down. polluted cities arent as crowded as they use to since they have banned the usage of cars. vauban, germany is one of the places that has banned the usage of cars. you can still own a car but there are only two places to park your car, large garages at the end of a development or buy a psace along with a home. in article one it stated that, more than  percent of vaubans familis do not own cars, and  percent sold their car to move here, people siad that having a car was tense and kind of too much pressure when in a crowded city. in  vauban had become an example of a growing trend in europe. vauban home to , residents within a square mile, they have been the most advanced experiment in low car usage. stores are placed on the walk away or on a main street, rather than in malls or on a distant highway. paris have a nearrecord pollution so they enfroced a partial drivning ban the clear some of the air in the global city. motorists with even and oddnumbered license plates were ordered to leave thier cars at home or they suffer and fine of euros. around , drivers were fined and twentysevn people had thier cars impounded because of their reaction to the fine. congestion was down nearly  percent in the capital of france after five days after the enforement of the driving fine. since paris has generally more smog than other european capitals diesel fueal was blamed for it. diesel fuel makes up  percent of vehicles in france. delivery companies complained about the lost of revenue for cars. in aritcle two it siad, public transportation was free of charge from friday to monday, the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to recind the ban for oddnumbered car plates on tuesday. bogota, columbia have banned usage of cars for three years straight. cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day. thier goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. anybody that violated that suffered a fine of  dollars. aritcle  buisnessman carlos arturo plaza said its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, meaning that cutting down car usage with lower the greenhouse gases in the air and clear it up. dyas without cars is a part of a improvement capaign that began in bogota in the mids, it has been the construction of  miles of bicycle paths, the most of any latin american city. parks and sport centers and have bulid throughout the city. pitted sidewalks have been replaced with smooth sidewalks, rushhour restirctions have cut traffic dramatically, new resturants and upscale shopping ditstricts have cropped up. bannig cars in bogota has been the best thing that has ever happened to the city. in , president obama had ambitious goals to curb the united statess greenhouse gas emissions. recent studies have shown that many americans are buying fewer cars and driving less and getting fewer licenses as the years go by. in article  it said that as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january , part of that is because many americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway. demographic shifts in the driving population have made the trend of banning car accelerate. in conclusion, banning cars will a successful rate on not just the united states but the world. maybe people should actually look and promote the idea to see if it will help our economy and or environment. without cars polluted cities will be able to breath fresh air and wont have to worry about payign for gas. banning cars could be the best thing that will happen to the world.