in the article driverless cars are coming google and bmw are working to build driverless cars, so no one will need to buy cars anymore. in two thousand nine google had transformed their toyota prius, so that it was computerized and had sensors. bmw later created a car that could drive its self through traffic jams. we were asked if i was with or aginst the development of totally driverless cars. i think having driverless cars, because i feel that the accident rate will go up. in the text it says they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver has to remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. the bad thing about this is what happens when the sensor stops working to tell you that you need to take over. orwhat happens if your cars computer brakes stop working and you run into the bcak of someone. also in the text says  some manufacutres hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup display. sure incar entertainment systems sound nice,but wouldnt that be considered a distraction. having an entertainment systyem in the car would cause distraction to the road ahead. therefore when the car is no longer capable of driverless driving you wouldnt be payin attention to the road before you thus causing an accident. the text also states if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faut the driver or the manufacturer? i agree who would be at fault? if there are accidents caused by driverless vehicles how would you rule out who did it if the person inside is not controling the car. you would have to blame the manufator,because that person was the one that assembled the car, but how is that fair it he wasnt even there to witness the accident? in the end driverless cars should not be further developed, because they would not be safe and potentally put us in danger. driverless cars still require the human to be aware of the road ahead in case the car cannot handle the road conditions. also installing incar entertainment systems would cause distraction especally if you have to be aware of the road. lastly who would be at fault when it comes to someone getting in an accident? driverless cars should not be furhter developed due to safety percautions.