i think that using the facial action coding system could be a valuable tool in the classroom. this technology could help teachers teach efficiently in a classroom. it could tailor the learning experience so that each students feelings are interpreted and addressed properly. this could also help online learning systems by giving easier questions or explaining things with more depth when certain faces are made. the facial expression for each emotion is universal. different muscles make different faces to show different emotions. facial muscle movement can even show mixed emotions. with the new technology a persons face is compared to and judged by neutral faces. this can help identify and distinguish specific emotions, and make it easier to get inside a students head. another benefit of using computers to determine feeling is being able to tailor learning to an individuals feelings. the computers can recognize feelings like disgust, confusion, and boredom. this way it can be known if a teachers lesson becomes too cumbersome, or if the teacher doesnt explain things quite right. then they can know when they need to slow down and take a little more time with the topic, and therefore teach students more effectively. online learning or learning from a computer would benefit as well. teachers can identify different emotions in different students. humans can sort of calculate different emotions ourselves. if a student is learning from a computer it can be difficult to adjust the lesson to the students needs. if the computer can recognize different emotions then it could try to present the information in different preset ways. if the student is bored the computer could give a humorous example to explain the problem or make it more interesting so that the learning process is easier. if the student appears confused the computer could slow down and go over the past few things it just taught. this could help make sure that each individual student can understand the information that it is trying to teach to them. another good reason to read students emotions is that it could be beneficial as research. it could help scientists gather data about a students feelings towards the thing theyre learning. having us understand students emotions and categorizing them as data could help us take a step back, and look at the way students across the world are being taught.this could help us decide if we need to change things about it to make it a more fun, interesting, and informative process. that is why i think it could be valuable to use the facial action coding system to identify students emotions in the classroom. it could help both teachers and computers teach more effectively. it could also be useful in a study on students feelings towards school, different classes and informatiom theyre learning, and maybe even different traits that well liked teachers might possess. regardless of what particular application it has i think it would just be interesting to see the different emotions of students, and how the computer software works.