in the article the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit depite the danger it present by sending poeple up into space to study venus and facing the danger and the challenges of exploring venus. in the article they have proved a very challenging place to examine venus more closely. in the article they have sent numerous of spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. they have send alot of spacecraft and none of them survied the landing for more than a few hour. the national aeronautics and space administation has one particularly complelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasa have a possible solution to hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. in the article in pargraph  states that  solar power would be pletiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. scientists have a safety way for humans including the scientists to go up into venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely however, they can only provide only limited insight on ground conditon because, most form of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. the challenges of exploring venus is diffucult astronomers are fascinated by venus becasue it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in out solar system. since scientist want to take humans up to space to explore venus it also be dangerous because, it cannot take anything for example they cant take rocks, gas, or anything else from a distance. therefore, scientists are finding another way. in paragraph  it states  on the planet surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. it is dangrous for humans to go up their especially, if we are not use to that type of weather. the challanges of facing the danger to explore venus and to send human up into space is a big challage. the author have claim that it is possible to send human into space but it going to be a challange without any danger to anyone.