the idea of driverless cars is growing more and more in todays society. however, these cars may not be as good as people think they are.driverless cars can lead to probles between people and the law. the cars may not function properly and accidents may happen. finally, driverless cars wont require a person behind the wheel and it takes away the fun from driving. conflicts between the companies that make the car, the customers, and the law may grow. if a company makes a driverless car, and a customer dies or gets injured because there was a malfunction in the car, then companies may get sued. then, the company would blame the customer and say that they, the customer, messed with the car and did something to it. thats when the law gets involved and things dont end up well for the companies nor the customers. driverless cars can also be dangerous. with all the technology in the cars, they may be vulnerable to hackers and may hurt the passenger inside, also, there could be malfunctions that cause the cars not to work properly and as a result, the person in the car could be hurt. finally, although driverless cars are considered smart cars, they may not be as smart as the manufacturers claim they are. driverless cars arent perfect and there could be accidents in which a smart car goes into a oneway street or drives off a bridge. driverless cars will take the fun away from driving. driving a smart car could take a person to a location with out assistance, but there would not be any fun in that. people who love to drive would be bored. there is one advantage involving driverless cars and fun. while on a trip a person could see everything around them without worrying about keeping their eyes on the road. this advantage, though, would only work if the smart cars really are smart and can drive themselves without a person assisting it. these are all reasons to why smart cars are a bad idea. smart cars would bore people. they are dangerous and can lead to conflicts between manufacturers, the law, and the customers. all the companies making smart cars should just end their projects and start making more regular cars. without smart cars on the road, people will feel better and safer.