what would you do if you were driving down the road and saw a car driving with no one in the drivers seat? you probably freak out is my guess, but its true. car companies are making driverless cars. its cool and a bit scary. look at it this way the cars arent fully capable of driving themselves, the drivers need to be aware of whats happening, and the vehicles could malfunction and cause something bad to happen. driverless cars shouldnt be allowed on the roads. driverless cars arent so driverless. the cars still need help when in some situations. the article driverless cars are coming introduces the topic to us by telling us about googles cars. it says, their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. since the cars still need aid on the roads, the driver has to be aware. most people are already distracted while driving, whether it be other passengers, their cell phones, or even food. imagine if they got a car that could do what theyre to distracted to do. they wouldnt pay attention to the roads anymore than they alrerady do. in the article, it tells us that the car really does need the help. this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. enough car accidents already happen because of people not paying attention. why cause more? also, along with the car needing human aid, the vehicles could malfunction on their own. thousands of cars get called back because of a problem within the engine that was not caught while making the car or other problems that could be a risk to the people within the car or on the road also. this type of problem causes car accidents all of the time. why would we multiply the problems for driverless cars? in driverless cars are coming, the author makes a point to the audience. still even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? to wrap things up, we shouldnt be allowed to have driverless cars on the road. the cars cant function by themselves. in that result, drivers need to pay attention to what is going on around them. lastly, the vehicles could malfunction. should driverless cars be allowed on the roads at all?