there was a time when cars were a new invention that everyone wanted or needed, but as of recent years cars have found themselves on the decline. there are many specualted reasons as to why people arent as interested in getting a car and driving themselves around. one of the main theories seems to be that with new technological advancements are making carpools simple organize and knowing when and where the closest city bus will arrive easier to find out. also, the technology of today makes it easy to contact and feel connected with your friends without having to go out and see them. whatever the reason may be, the decline in car usage is a great advantage worldwide. the benefits of limited car usage are a better environment, less traffic stress, and healthier people. cars are the second most common source of air pollution in the united states. in paris, cars were so heavily used that their pollution levels were near those of beijing, china known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. when parisians heard this, they took action right away. they rotated day long bans on personal cars with even numbered license plates and odd numbered lisence plates. after about a week of this rotating ban, with a few exceptions, the smog levels had lowered enough that all cars could be allowed again. luckily, this experience made the people of paris realize how much cars were harming their envirinment. cars are a large source of carbon emissions all over the world so lessening their use is essential to reviving our hurting environment. another advantage to limiting the use of cars is less traffic and less accidents. public transportattion drivers are more skilled and practiced than everyday drivers. arguably, they are safer behind the wheel than your average citizen. in addition to that, having less cars on the road makes it safer to walk, bike, skateboard, or even rollerblade to your destination. also, less cars means less traffic. although on public transportation there are bus stops and such, traffic jams would be nearly eradicated if there were that many less cars on the road. the last important advantage of having fewer cars is a personal health benefit. driving can be seen as stressful. you have your life as well as the lives of people around you in your hands. not only can the concept of driving itself be stressful, but things such as reckless drivers and heavy traffic are very hard for people to deal with patiently and safely. it would be better for peoples emotional health to not have to deal with driving. avoiding cars is also better for peoples physical health in both cleaner environments and more physical activity. with the lessened levels of polution, as mentioned before, people would have cleaner air to breathe and a healthier environment to live in. the amount of physical activity in citizens would also increase. with people being able to walk, bike, skateboard, etc. to their desired destination the obesity numbers would decrease. without cars, peoples emotional and physical health would largely improve. overall, limiting the global use of cars would greatly benefit people worldwide. due to the recent spread of the idea of being carfree and more concious of our environment pollution levels are already decreasing. advantages coming from a much needed decreae in car usage also include safer roads and less stressed, healthier people. a decline in the number of personal vehicles on the road would lead to a happier, safer, and healthier world.