im luke. i was a seagoing cowboy. joining the seagoing cowboys program can be lots of fun. i was a seagoing cowboy. there are so many places to see and travel through. i went to greece, europe, china, venice, panama canal, and acropolis. ive been many places as a seagoing cowboy, maybe you should try it too. it may have taken a while to get to those places but it was still quite fun. i had my friend, don reist, along with me. don invited me to tag along with him. how could i turn it down? it was going to be the opportunity of a life time! the sea can be dangerous too. i remember that one rainy night, after making my hourly trip to the captain, i slid down a slippery ladder on my backside. my heart raced as i shot feet first toward an opening on the side of the ship. a small strip of metal along the edge stopped my slide, keeping me from flying overboard into the dark atlantic. i was happy to be alive but, i couldnt work for a few days since i had cracked my ribs during the fall. becoming a seagoing cowboy means that you can help others who were hurt in world war ii and need food suplies, animals, and more. im so grateful for the opportunity i had. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. this awareness stayed with me, leading my family to host a number of international students and exchange vistors for many years. on the return trips i had lots of fun! my friends and i would play baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds when the animals were unloaded. we would have tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and the games helped pass the time. being a seagoing cowboy is fun, dangerous, and helpful to others. you should think about joining, yes, it may be dangerous and you may get hurt but even though all that happens you know its for a good cause. imagine all the places youll see, somewhere like, greece, italy, china, europe, and maybe places i havent been to. think about how much fun youll have losing but having fun winning and having fun when playing games with the others. also getting to help others who need. thats the main reason i became a seagoing cowboy. to help others in need. im not saying you have to join, just know, it could be lots of fun.