everday, wether we are in a classroom, at our house, or out in public, we are constantly decoding the emotions around us. for example, when your friend walks up to you with a stern face and squinted eyes, you will most likley assume that he or she is angry with you. recognizing facial expressions is something we as human beings have done for the past thousands of years, sometimes involuntary. with that being said, we do not need a computer software to tell us everything we already know, a frown means you are upset, a stern face means you are mad, a lopsided eyebrow means you are confused, and a smile means you are happy. creating a new computer software system capable of recognizing different compoenets to a persons emotion is useless, a waste of money, and completey unessary for students and teachers in a classroom. being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions, may sound like an awesome idea. however, this program is  useless. a system that can decode a humans emotion is udderly pointless, for no one needs to know the exact compostion of a human face and their emotions. as stated in the article, in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculationevery day. i mean just think about it, what would you do if you knew the exact percent of happiness in someone, or maybe the percent of saddness? exaclty, you would do nothing. that information is useless and a waste of time and money. we dont need a machine to exemplify the percise decimal of happiness, sadness, or confusin in any one person. whenever you buy a new computer, a new software, or even basic technolgy needs, the prices are always far above then what you predicted. that same concept includes this new software called facs facial action coding system. this devloped and intelligent program will cost a pretty penny, without a doubt, for both the producer and the consumer. not only will you need to forfit you money for this program, but most at home computers are uncapable to withold the magnitude of this program. the article states, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. spending money, time, and effort on a skill humans have already learned is pointless and fruitless. the development of the technolgy industry has allowed for billions of dollars to be consempated, allowing for the goverment to go in debt, among other things as well. introducing this program to the population will allow for money that has been worked hard for, be thrown down the drain. incorporating this new software program into classrooms around the globe is unessary for the development of students minds. being able to detect specific emotions in a school setting is useless and a waste of time and money. teachers are going to college, getting a degree, and expandign their teaching limits in order to be able to correctly investigate and discover the emotions of their students. as a teacher, that is their job. introducing this technolgy into classrooms will not be beneficial, for knowing exaclty the percent compostion of one persons emotion is pointless, useless, and a frutile attempt to expanding the technology industry. facs is a new, intelligent, developed software system that allows for the emotions of any one person be decomposed into specific percent numerals. this evolving program incorporates new and imporoved technolgy functions into a redily avalible software. however, introducing this program to the world with cause nothing but useless and pointless results. creating a new computer software system capable of recognizing different compoenets to a persons emotion is useless, a waste of money, and completey unessary for students and teachers in a classroom.