nowdays technology is almost the base for everything for medicine, for entertaniment, for research and everyday technology is developing faster and faster. since technology has become something for must people, a very essensial tool in order to live, they have decide to create even more things from it to make their lives easier which this leading them to depend on technology in aspects of their lives like work, doctor, school, amusement, etc. but what would happen is technology shuts down one day or even a month? people who depend on technology will be forlorn. in relation to the arcticle and the question about technology shuting down, if we use this technolgy called facial action coding system in students to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom, we can have advantage when it comes to understanding and helping the students. but when it comes for technology shuting down then what? teacher of superiors are not going to be able anymore to guide students by themselves. they would depend on the program to detect how can they act in order to help the classroom. this program can be useful but in even more important aspects as reasearch is. for example, that they tell us about how miguel angel created mona lisa, with this program they could analyze mona lisas expressions behind the painting. we humnas are smart enough to read someone facial expressions and analyze them. the need to crate a program and to waste money that can be used in more important investigations, is not really something required for society in order to develop. maybe detecting peoples emotions can help the government or they would be the only ones to get a benefit from it, so they can control easily the citizens. overall, the creation of technologic programs like this is really not helping schools but research, and the less we depend on technology in order to survive, everyone would be more conected to earth and would use more the riches a country has, rather than creating more tech grabage.