in the article making mona lisa smile the author talks about a new technology called the facial action coding system. this new technology enables computers to identify human emotions. essentially the program looks at a persons face and compares it to a neutral face and then it analyzes what muscles the person used and then it can tell a persons emotion or emotions. however, reading peoples emotions is not the only thing this software can do. i believe his software would be a great thing and the world could develop more and get lots of benefits from it. not only can this new technology read a persons emotions, it can also make computer animated faces more expressive. this technology would also be good idea becuase most human commuication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. this quote is talking about facial expressions and body language. those two examples are some ways that humans communicate nonverbally. for example when something weird or odd happens and you cant say anything out loud you might give your friend look and they will know exactly what you mean. well in my personal experience, my friend and i have gone to a few public places and something out the ordinary would happen. however in some situations its just not appropriate to start laughing loudly, so we just give each other a glance that sort of means did you just see that too? and we let out a little giggle. but sometimes someone may send you a look and you have no idea what theyre trying to communicate. and as for body language, if a person is sitting very stiff and straight up then you would assume the are uncomfortable or trying to be professional, the real reason could be revealed in their facial expression sometimes not always so this new technology could be helpful in showing a persons real emotion. the technology being able to read emotions could also be helpful because what if a child is in an unsafe environment at their home and they lie to the person investigating, like the social worker, becuase they have been coahed or they dont want to be away from their parents. that could potentially save the child and could get them out of their unsafe environment. this could also be used on criminals, im sure police are trained to read facial expressions and know nervous mannerisms but they possibly cant always be accurate. computer animated faces getting more advanced would be good because then video game makers could get more money for having better graphics. and the faces would be more clear and human like even though they are computer animated. also this new technology could make learning more effective and fun for some children. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor. dr.huang says. in school everyone is taught the same thing almost exactly the same way. however everybody is so different from each other and they could have a different learning style. i dont believe every person has the same exact brain and way of thinking and figuring things out. so why isnt our curriculum different for each learning style? everybody could sill be taught the same thing just in different ways and that is what this new technology could do. the average of students dropping out of high school could decrease. in conclusion, i believe this new technology is a good thing with multiple possible benefits. we could understand people better and how they express their emotion and possibly find out if they arent being truthful. students could learn better and want to go to school becuase their lesson could be modified to challenge but not over challenge them, so then they wont be bored or confused. which could potentially lead to fixing other problems like students giving up and quiting school. also since we the technology has the potential to tell us if a person is making an expression that could lead us to belive they are lying, more criminals could get caught and be forced to deal with their consequences.