studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because its an earthlike planet. there are many reasons why visiting venus can be dangerous but there are also good reasons why nasa should visit that planet. astronomers are fascinated by venus bevause it may well once have been most like earthlike planet in our solar system according to the challenge of exploring venus. one of the reasons that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is because it has similar features like earth such as valleys, mountains, craters and has a surface of rocky sediment. if people from nasa would like to study venus, they would be able to got there because it allows them to float above the fray. venus also has air pressure that will be close to the sea level on earth. in the text it says solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this piece of evidence shows that people can travel to venus, there might not be many good conditions but it will be survivable for humans. some people may think that traveling may be really dangerous. despite to the injuries it might cause people. temperatures get really hot over there. over there the temperatute gets at around  degrees fahrenheit. in the text it says  at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit... this evidence shows that it gets hot but its not much of a danger since the air pressure would be at about sea level. another reason why people might think it would be dangerous is because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. researchers cannot take samples of anything from a distance. if they do want to do it, they would need to understand the risks of wanting to do that. in conclusion, visiting and studying venus it worth doing it due to the many features it compares with earth but we also have to understand that there are many risks and dangerous to doing that. visiting venus would be great for nasa people that want to learn about that planet despite everything.