how often do you ride in a car? do you drive a one or any other motor vehicle to work? the store? to the mall? have you ever thought about how many people in the world do that exact same thing travel to every destination using a fuel powered motorvehicle. not many people realize the intenisve damage that theyre doing when they turn their key in the egnition. what if you didnt drive to work today? if youre like any regular car user, the thought what?! i could never survive without my car! may run through your mind. it is possible though, to live without your main mean of transport. just look at cities like vuban, paris, and bogota each one has in some way restricted their peoples usage of cars and they actually enjoy it! if you limit your car usage, it can inturn result in many advantages and benefits in yourself and in your community. a not so recognized benefit to giving up your car usge would be the positive consequences it has on your health. in source , heidrun walter states that when he had a car, he was always tense. hes much happier without it. think about it, imagine all the angry road rage you experience while driving. that surely does not have a positive effect on your mood or health. driving takes a copious amount of focus and mental activity, such as, trying to navigate, dealing with bad drivers, etc., that after a short period of time, youre stressed out and tired. in cities like new york and paris, the population is high. this leads to congestion in the streets and excessive amounts of pollution. warm layers of air, according to robert duffer in paris bans driving due to smog, traps the car emissions. how is that healthy? he also states that paris had to enforce a temporary driving ban after the pollution levels reached an all time record. after a few days of less driving the pollution went way down. since people arent driving, they have to find other means of transport. this could include walking, biking, or skating to destintions. those are all physical excercises! your body is getting to work out and youll mentally feel fresher more than you would sitting in a car. taking a break from driving also can help with the overall look of your city. pollution doesnt cause the flowers to grow. it certainly doesnt smell nice. it sets a filter over the town and gives off a dirty vibe. with less driving, there is less nasty pollution being emitted, therefore leading to a cleaner community. in elisabeth rosenthals article, in german suburb, life goes on without cars, she gives the good point that since there is a restriction on car and motor vehicle transportation, there is going to be more walkers. if you have tons of people taking the sidewalks instead of the roads, you might need a few more pathways and closer stores that are in walking distance. andrew selsky states that parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city uneven pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks... and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. as stated previously, pollution is not benefiting the environment. organizations such as the envronmental protection agency in the u.s., are promoting car reduced communities, says rosenthal. these communities have far less pollution and are much cleaner. cities are also promoting this idea and are having days devoted to nocar driving. in bogota, colombia, they hold an anual carfree day where only buses and taxis are permitted. any other drivers would be fined. although fining someone for using a posession they own might ruffle some feathers, it did have a successful turn out and significantly reduced the smog. in conclusion, although the idea of giving up our precious automobiles for walking to our destination might sound impossible, its not. reducing our driving can lead to many benefits and advantages in our daily lives. these include an increase in health, an improved look to our cities, and an improved environment all around us. so, instead of picking up the car keys next time you have to go to work, try dusting off the helmet and take a bike ride!