smart cars are said to be the car of the future. they are said to be a driverless taxi but will they be as afficiant and great they are planned out to be? these cars are going to be made by the google company and they have been wanting to produce these cars before the year . they did not have the technology needed such as sensors, computers, and mapping. they soon knew it would be impossible until their need were met, developed and built. they say they would need so many cameras and sensors to make this dream car come alive. i do not think i am for this car creation. yes it would be great to not have to drive but what if you had this amazing car driving itself and you were so tired you just happen to fall asleep and there was an accident you were unaware of and you were going right toward it, how would you know it was there? how would the car get around it? the positives about this car is that you dont have to do much. it will have its many cameras and sensors to know where it is going. what if you are in your magnificant car and it is driving on its own and a little kid runs out in the road, what happens then? all the negatives about this dream car are system malfunctions and the fact that you still need a driver to watch the roads. so, you cant relax you have to assist the car. whats the point of driverless car if you still need a driver to assist it? bmw added new technology were your car will drive up to  mph, but you have to have a driver to activate the touch sensors. yes, they will steer, speed up, and slow down on its own, but having a driver watching everything is still necessary. if the technology fails while youre in you fabulous car resulting in an acciednt, who is responsible? you or the manufacturer? all in all, i do not believe i am for the future driverless smart car because you still need to watch the roads as you normally would and if the technology fails, i would not want to be sued or injured. would you be for the so called driverless google car?