driving around could be fun espicaly when your young bu thva eyou ever thought about how much easier life could be without a car? there could be many advantages by limiting car usage, for example youll save lots of money easier to get around and you can get around faster lastly its alot safer. sure driving around could be fun but dont forget to think about the advanges of saying goodbye to that car. to begin, buying a car can be very expensive with the car payments and the down payment and espically the gas money. buying a bike compared to buying a car is way less expensive. you pay a couple hundred for a bike and you have it for as long as you want because its yours but when u buy a car you pay thousands of dollars for it and it only last a couple years. gas money these days is insane. paying  for a gallon of gas when ou have a  gallon tank can get very very expensive so why waste the money, buy a bike or even just walk and youll never have to pay for gas again. some people dont really like the idea of bikin everywhere but thats not the only option. walking, scootering, rollerskating, skateboarding and biking are all other options instead of taking a car. if ou wanna be smart and save money then i suggest getting rid of that car and getting yourself a bike! secondly, safety can be a big issue espically with how people drive now a days. there are more teenagers on the road and more drunk drivers too! not all people who get behind the wheel can be trusted driving next to you. some people may think that just because they have their license means they can have a couple a drinks and are still able to get behind the wheel and drive safely. thousands of people every year die from car accidents, if you dont wanna be one of those people then get rid of your car and be safe. lastly, sitting at a stop light for  minutes can feel like your sitting there forever. that problem has an easy soultion though, get rid of your car! getting rid of your car means no more stop lights or stop signs or people cutting you off and making you wait for them. im sur you think that a car is the fastest way to get around but it really isnt. biking or walking or running or anyway besides a car is another fast way to gt around. ou might not be able to walk as fast as a car can drive but when walking you dont have to wait for a stop light to turn green you can just keep walking plus its good excersise. to conclude , driving always seems like the easiest choice but is it the safest, least expensive, or the fastest? no, no its not. bike riding, walking, roller skating, skate boarding, even riding a scooter, and running are all alternative ways for you to get aorund without using our car. save money, be safe and get there faster by getting rid of your car!