the author suports the ideas as to how venus is a worth planet to study despite the dangers it represents. even doe venus is such an imposible planet to get into, despite how venus is a planet where spacecrafts sent and didnt survive the landing for more than a few hours. despite how venus surface temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. scientists still want to try and get to venus even if it tooks impossible according to the passage humans have sent numeous spacecrafts on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more tha three decades. now not only do humans want to study venus but humans now contribute to venuss reputation as a challeging planet for humans to study. venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  percent of carbon dioxide blankets. the surface, temperatures averages over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. which means that is impossible for a human being to walk around venuss surface. nasa has one particular idea of how humans can study in venus. this particular idea is to make vehicles that hover  or so miles above venusian landscape. just as how airplanes fly over many storms. because venus atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide and the surface is super hot then hovering above its landscape would make it easier for scientist to study. in conclusion nasas posible solution has to be spot on because in more than three decades not a single spaceship has toched down on venus. not only are they thinking of one soution but scientist have been thinking of possible solution such as simplified electronts made of silicon carbide they have been tested in chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and this has shown some good results because in the test the electronics made from silicone lasted for three weeks. either way scientist are still studing on how to get to venus no matter how hard and impossible it looks they have hope and hope to one day get to that panet and make a whole new worl out of it.