i think the idea of driverless cars are not a good idea. but that does not mean there not a good idea. it would be great to not have to buy a car, that can save a whole lot of money. but it also can be very very dangerouse. however, i guess it gives the driver some rest while driving. honestly theres more things that could go bad. in the story it said  bmw can acceleerate steer and brake themselves i feel that that is pretty cool and handy becaused maybe you dont see something everyone makes mistakes and if it can brake itself it could save a life . so that helps a whole lot . in the passage it says  it alerts you when it needs you to take human control i feel that that is really good, because if it didnt and the driver had fell asleep or anyhting , it may not end well. the reason im aginst this idea is because i am one of those people who trust myself before other people expecially before a machine. it said in the passage  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? so basically if your in one of these machines and something does not go right it may turn off, something might be wrong inside the car anything can happen and you wreck in it . know you didnt wreck the car is supposed to be safe but you own this car and you inside of it harmed someone else now what ? now you could be the one in trouble for this. then, we can take this to another level. say theres babies or todlers in the back seat. i honestly feel that parents would feel more safe with them in controll of there car with there kids in it than a machine . anything could happen at anytime and thats just not safe. you could always think of worse case sanario, your car hits some one they could sue you or even worse the could be seriously harmed and now you have to live with that. anything could happen is the way i feel with this situation . and the article said  it is even illegal to test computer dirven cars in california, nevada , flordia , and distric of columbia. those are places where its a lot of people and a lot of traffic i feel like its a accident waiting to happen. but some people may be willing to take this risk. and some people may suceed it could help many people . save a lot of money for people and maybe they can do better things with it. but i honestly feel like this should not happen.