we are coming to an era where driverless cars will be what everyone wants except, workers. many people drive others, and soon none will have a job. plus the money that it sounds it will take to make these cars with complete sensors, and to have them running. finacially the car sounds way out of budget for most people, cars to today are that have high end gear are excluded for everyday people to get, because they dont have enough money to buy them, or that more high classed men, and women earn to only have to most richest technology for themselves. as well the improvment to having to make many more laws for theses cars just to keep people, and children safe. men, and women in the driving service mainly depend on that job. many as in bus drivers, taxi drivers, and those who drive the rich, and famous. they may say that the driverless car will still allow them to keep their job, but the more advances they make the more the cars will take over jobs for others. most depend on the midpay salary, and a driverless car wont let them keep their jobs for long. if cars can take over a humans job it can over any other. money may not be a total problem for some, but theyll need to take more and more just to make each car, as well as paying the people who work on the cars to make them safe, and secure. testers will need to be paid for their part as well of checking the car functions right. in hind sight this car will take more money from us, but will also expect us to pay high prices when it comes out as well. if they ecpect all venders make money dont they need us to some how have money to purchase what they sell to us. the sensors themselves sound painfully expensive for us. laws now are so strict for any car. we must go a certain speed limit, we must use our mirrors when we are driving, we have to make sure no is coming into on going traffic. the car will make it harder for those who wont have one. the car will have to set to a certain speed limit, will it even have to use mirrors if the car is driving itsself? the laws take time so even if they hav one theyll still probably have to wait to use it. it will back track everone, and everything. even though there are bright sides to owning a car such as they come with the safety sensors to stop and watch for children on the move. the car will be able to send signals in any case that someone may be injured and cant call for the help they need. its cameras will sure be able to make sure breaks are completely functional when it comes to on going pedestrians. the human able to drive the car any moment it has trouble getting through traffic makes it sound easier that there will be less accidents. in all the car sounds as if a protective shield for a human. in all togetherness the car sounds like a money bucket waiting for us to soak into it. it surely will amek many lose their jobs at one piont even if they have a human driver setting, they probably wont even think twice, and just say no to using it. the time, and desicion it to ahve so many laws will trul back track those who would like to use it, but will haqve to wait since theyre will be many people undecisive about each law. the car sounds like a death trap waiting for people to invest in it thinking the product is truly safe.