dear senator, in my opinion we should change the presidency election to be based on popular vote. i can speak for a lot of citizens here when i say that it is a way of representing our country as a democracy, and is more efficiant. the electoral college is a better representation of a democracy. instead of voting for your president, youre instead voting for electors. thats not what were trying to do. the political parties of florida are trying to get their candidate to be elected. the electoral college is a bit unfair to the other parties that arent gettin represented. since most states have a winnertakeall system, not all voices are being heard. with popular vote everyones voice is being heard! we are a democracy right? democracy means that all citizens have a say in the government. which plays into the voting topic. we vote because we have a say in what goes on in the government, and what the decisions they make. with the electoral college, we vote for electors that vote for the president, even though the title of the event is called the presidential election! not the electoral election! another reason many people prefer the popular voting system is because it is more efficiant. this is because we cant always count on the electors we vote for to reperesent us correctly. electors might change their mind at the very last minute and decide that they like the opposing candidates view, discarding their loyalty to us. now the opposing candidate has more electoral votes casted their way. voters cant always control who their electors vote for. thats not what i would call a trustworthy system. with the electoral college, it is a slighter chance that a tie could happen. with the popular votes, there is more votes being casted to almost prevent this from happening. the popular voting sysem is a better way represent this country as a democracy, as well as being more efficiant. this sounds like a better america to me already. so please keep all this in mind next time you go to work. sincerely, proper_name