people may wonder how someone is feeling or what they are feeling, but they dont really know whats going on. it may look like someone is happy, but really they are not. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable because it will get wrong emotions, students will not like it, and it will disrupt personal feelings in the classrooms. this technology will get wrong emotions of the students in the classroom. in the classroom, there may be students that generally look tired maybe from their parents genes, but teachers may mistake what the technology says about their facial expressions. the student with lazy eyes may understand what is going on and is enjoying it, so that doesnt mean that a teacher needs the extra technology to look for facial expression, but instead looking for the students who need help on a subject. in the article it says, ...we humans perform this same impressive calculation everyday. in this case, students will know what facial expression someone is making in the class, but not the emotion that they are feeling. students in the classroom may not like the idea of having something scanning their face all the time. this technology will make the students feel uncomfortable in the classroom. it will also effect the students grades and performances. the article mentions that the computer technology has six basic emotions that are programed such as, ...happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness... the technology may get the facial expressions right, but not how the student initially feels. teachers should ask the students first to see if they are comfortable with this idea. the technology will disrupt the students personal feelings. the student may feel insecure about themselves because of the technology and may become less productive in the classroom. these factors could hurt the students learning abilities and more focused on the technology. it will become a distraction in the classroom and if students keep the distraction, they are going to be in a dilemma to get their things done. in this case their feeling toward the work in the certain class seems to be pointless to the students. in conclusion, the use of the technology is unvaluable because of the fact it gets the wrong emotions, students dont like it, and it disrupts the students feelings. many schools may think this is a great way to understand the students emotions toward the subject and topics in a classroom, but they dont realize that this technology will cause students to digress in the classrooms, and make it more difficult to stay on top of their work.