cars have become a huge part of a lot of peoples lives. what they dont understand are the benefits and advantages of limiting car usage. some of the advantages, such as reducing pollution, should be fairly obvious. however, some of the other advantages arent so obvious. thats why people dont get rid of their cars. if drivers knew these benefits, they would most likely want to give up their car. more specific benefits that fit in the category of helping the environment include the fact that up to  of greenhouse gas emissions in parts of the united states are from passenger cars. rosenthal, source  researchers say that if the ownership of cars in the us continues to go down as it has been in recent years, there will be many beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment. rosenthal, source  in fact, there was a oneday ban on a certain number of cars in france that cleared up a considerable amount of smog that had been in the city. duffer, source  living without a car can also be calming. this has been shown numerous times. in vauban germany, a town without cars, one citizen said that when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. rosenthal, source  a businessman from bogota, columbia, where they have an annual day without cars, said that its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. selksy, source  as shown here, a person can have a much happier and healthier life from using their car less. another product of the day without cars in columbia is increasing business and opportunities for such.  miles of bicycle paths have been built. bad, unkempt sidewalks have been replaced with newer and smoother sidewalks. sports centers, shopping districts, restaurants, and parks have also been constructed. selsky, source  as stated here, limiting car usage has many advantages. it helps the environment, reduces stress, and helps development of communties and business. additionally, it can help save time and improve safety. rosenthal, source  it also reduces traffic, duffer, source , and rosenthal, source  so those who decide to continue to use their car can also receive some benefits.