on mars this face is not actually a face at all. it is a natural landform on the surface of mars. may , they made a discovery of a human face with the nasas viking  spaceship. it was neraly two miles from end to end. scientists have discoved that it was just another martian mesa it was close to be around the cydonia. but this one had shadows that made it kinda look like a pharaoh from egypt. nasa only put on the newspaperhuge rock formation.....which resembles a human head.....formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes,nose,and mouth. they put that on there to get the people worked up and make them worried and excitied. if it was ailens like they believed, dont you think that they wouldnt of stoped the search? they said it was good for the people and the taxpayers. i dont think that would of stopped them. i think that sciencetist found out that it was just a landform and didnt want to tell people about it. so they stoped the viking mission search and told the news that it was for the taxpayers.  apil , was when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia. the team snapped picture. they were shaper pictures than before, people were waiting day and night for this one picture of them. when they got out it proved that it was just a landform. even then people like you, still didnt believe them. so the people came up with that  the face on mars is located at  degress north martian latitude where it was winter in april .it is a cloudy time of year on the red planet. the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face.pehaps, said skeptics aliens marking were hidden by haze. why would people say this? the camera they used was ten times shaper than before on the viking mission. even if it was cloudly they still would of gotten closer and got a clear image of that is looked like. and they did but you people still wont believe them. so since they didnt believe them the people got want they wanted,another picture.so on april , a cloudless summer day on cydonia. mars global surveyor got close enough to take another shot of the face. they pixels are . meters while  meters per pixel in the viking photo of . so has a rule of thumb, you can discern things in digial image  times bigger than the sixel size. if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egypianstylepyramids or even small shacks,you could see what they were. the picture they took is actuall shows in the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. which are landforms common around the american west. they said it reminds them of the middle butte in the snake river of idaho. and that is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars.