a new technology called the facial action coding system allows computers to recognize emotions. as mentioned in the article, this technology can be useful in many formats including psychology, art, and acting. reading human emotions can be beneficial in some areas, but it is not valuable in the classroom setting because each student learns differently, computers should not be used as teachers, and the cost is not worth few benefits. in the article, dr. huang predicts that with the new technology, the computer can recognize when a student is confused or bored and change the lesson to fix it. while this seems helpful, not every student learns the same way. a lesson that some students will understand, other students will be confused on. it would not be fair to the students who understand the lesson to make it easier because they might become bored, which the computer would then have to modify the lesson more to fix. the facial action coding system is able to read human emotions, but it cannot satisfy the need of each individual student in a classroom. this technology also is not valuable to the classroom because a computer instructor is not valuable to the classroom in the first place. computers should not be used as teachers because it can unemploy teachers, completely change the education system, and possibly bore students. the education is fine as it is without adding a foreign techonology for students to adjust to. this system should not be implemented in schools because of budget costs, also. the technology is probably expensive and is another thing the school would have to budget for and taxpayer dollars would go to. recognizing emotions is not important enough to be worth that amount of money. all in all, this technology is not the most beneficial or valuable device to be using in the classroom. because of the cost, different learning styles of students, and familiarity of a human instructor, the facial action coding system should not be put into a classroom setting. while this technology is helpful in other areas, it does not have worth in the education system.