the advantage of limiting car usage is a great idea just think not having to worry about a bill for your car,tags and , license that would be great because you could work more on church offering and house bills. cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emission in just europe!! thats crazy and that is not even the same as other areas. in some carintensive areas of the united states are  ! that is bad for us to breath in and it is also bad for earth. we are harming earth with this fumes also we have tooken an avanage of having cars we use them for everything. sometimes we need to just put the keys down and go for a walk we dont always have to drive everywere we go. yes i understand we need to drive sometimes because some thing are just to far away to walk because their is other things that need to be done. but you could walk down to your mailbox to check you mail and walk to the corner store if they are not too far away. walking is very healthy it helps keep your body in shape. we dont have to drive everywere we go. however, go on ride with momdad can be nice time to have bonding time and all but it can also happen on a walk. most of all ,  of appropriations by law goes to road work it would be so much better if we could cut that in half when only  goes towards are transportation. do we really need this big old highways? no not really what happen to taking the backdirt roads what happen to having a nice drive i mean if you are going to drive why not enjoy it. instead, we rush around so whats the point of driving if you are just going to rush around and get in trouble for going to fast down the road. if you think about it we do not need to use cars as much as we do, we could really cut down on that. we as americans have become very lazy we drive everywere if you live in town why not walk sometimes it is not going to kill you. if you live in the country like i do walk to the mailbox or corner store if oyu have to go to town drive there then park somewere in town then, walk around and get what you need done. like i said before why worrie about car payments, gas, your license and, tags they cost a lot of money. if you do drive why not cut down on how much you drive you will save money in gas also, you will be helping limit gas emission being released into the air.