students can be dificult to understand some times and you may not know how they are feeling weather thats happy, sad, angry, or confused. now there is a techonology called facial action coding system that enables computers to indentify human emotions and it can be used for many differnet purposes. one way that has been introducesed to use it is by letting teachers use it to read students emotions. i think if we used it in class room settings, in schools, and for students it would be very valuable to their education. for instance say a student is not under standing the concept of the lesson the teacher is teaching the facial action coding system will be able to detect that the student is confused and the teacher can see that and go back and explain it again or they can work one on one with the student. another way it could be helpful is if a student isnt being their usaual self and isnt focusing on their work the facial action coading system can tell you if they are feeling sad or angry and the teacher can confront the student about it and maybe help them with that problem so they can get back to being focused in class. the facial action coding system can also tell if emotions are being faked or if they are real. it can do this by useing a little bit of anatomy by looking at which muscles are being used in the persons face. in a real smile the muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crowsfeet around your eyes. but in a fake smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and the risorius. this can be seen sometimes without facs, facial action coding system. that can be used in situations like for say a student seems like they are doing fine with the material being taught in class or just seems happy but the teacher cant tell. they can use the facial action coding system technology to determine wheather they should confront the student about it or not. if a teacher understands what their students are feeling they can change their teaching methods if needed to help their students succed in class. some times the student may just be bored of the subject and it may be because of the way the teacher is teaching it, but if the teacher knows that they can spice it up a bit to make the material more enjoyable for that student to learn. i think the use of the facial action coding system would be very valuable in class rooms not for just the teacher, but also for the students because the teacher will be able to curve the way they do things for the better of the students education. this will also help the teacher build a healthy relationship between their students , because they will be able to better unerstand them. the more the teacher better understands their students the more they can help them recieve a great education.