yes the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. the facil action coding system technology is valuable because. it could help the students learn lessons easier and better. as it says in paragraph  line  through  stating that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. students that have the facial action coding system technology avilable to them would learn faster then some of the other students in the classroom. the facst facial action coding system technology can see and understand the emotion of the student in the case if a student is getting confused or not. sometimes a student might be messing around and want to lie and be funny and act like he is confused but the facst facial action coding system technology can understand the student better and figure out if the student is really confused or just lying. when the facst facial action coding system technology recongizes that a student is really confused or lost. say if its a reading assignment and the student speaks and only understands spanish and if the spanish audio is going to fast. the facst can see a bit of confusion and worrying on the students face and it could modify the lesson to make the audio go slower so the spanish speaking student can understand what he is being read better. the facst could also recongize if a studemt is depressed or sad and the students or parents and teachers dont know about it yet it could possibly just email it to the teacher of the student amd to the parents. saying something for example your child today wasnt very focused and seemed a bit depressed you should have talk with your child. by doing that the facst might also be able to prevent students like teens maybe that are in deppression but their parents dont know about it yet from commiting sucide. so overall the facst facial action coding system technology is very valuable and useful in a classroom for the students teacher and parents.