venus is a verry interresting planet to explore and study. its one of the most earthed like planet out there . it has alot of simularities to earth such as being very identical. about the same in shape, and having similar natural erruptions. its also one that is closest to our sun. those were some characteristics between the earth and venus. the planet itself has alot of interresting characteristicks to it. its true that it features alot of interresting factors, such as extreme wheather, climate change and more. the author said despite the risks to their missions, scientists will proceed on finding ways to study the planet itself upclose. the results of their experiment could lead to more knowledge about the other planets. the scientists, believes that the planet itself, had a very stable climate simular to earth. they even said venus probably had life on it. but what was puzzling to them was how the climate changed overtime and what happened during a certain perod of time and changed the whole planet to what it is today. the author said in paragraph  that nasa was working a vehicule cappable of substaining extreme climates. for now, the climate on venus is not human like environment at all, meaning if we were to explore venus right now, we will need a device that will give us the abillity to hover about the clouds of venus. but even this idea required alot of highly developped machines that will be able to substain the cold and the hot temperature of venus. curiosity might lead us into discovering new ways to live and new ideas. this earthed twin planet might not be habitabal now but scientists will find new ways to adjust to the environment and who knows maybe there will be some sort of live on there. maybe some underground alien civilization that could lead to more discovery. venus is also one of the brightest start in our solar system making it even more interresting to study. the earth probably was not habitable several billion years ago. way before there was life on earth, the planet had a very unstable climate that no life could of endured. most of the planet was filled, with rocks, lava, volcanic erruptions and probably ocean. our planet ened up going through some serious phases to turn out the way it did, but it took billions of years for earth to ajust its climate. the same could be said for venus, maybe one day we might inhabit the planet itself but for now, we have to find ways to overcome the obticles in our way. new things are being dicovered all around the world all thanks to curiosity. some people might find it risky to live the life of a scentist explorer, but i personally think its an awosome job. i would love to explore any new planet because why not and also new dicovery lead to new knowledge so the more you know the better. this article had covered alot that interrested me and also i think its realy worthy pursuiting studies about venus.