using this technology to read students emotional expressions is a vaule. it will help the students that start to feel bored or confused. once it detacts those emotions it can change the lesson. the facs facial action coding system as the protential to help students, and teachers in the classroom. facs can read the students faces and tell wither they understand the lesson. it will then change the lesson to something that will help the students better understand. the facs can also detecte when a students is getting bored of a lesson, and will change it to a more pleasing one. it will change to better acommidate the students needs. facs can also help the teachers better understand their own students more. since the facs system can read the six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. it will help the teacher know what their students are feeling. teachers will know more about their students, and will be able to form a closer bond with them. the facs system will help the teacher understand what the student need more help with, and what they are more intrrested in. the facs system can read the facial muscles, and this is how it can detacte the emotions of people. it can even identify when someone has mixed emotions, and compares each expression with a neutral face. this is how it can regoinze when students are feeling bored, confused, or any other emotion. the inventor of the facs system, dr. paul eckman, is the one to classify the six basic emotions. he also was the one that asscociated each with characteristic movemetns of the facial muscles. like when your frontalis pars lateralis raises your eyebrows when you are suprised, and you orbicularis oris tightens your lips when your angry. all this can help the system tell when the students in the classroom need a change in the lesson. the facs system can be very helpful to the students and the teachers in everyday classrooms. it will change the lesson to better accomidate the students that start to fell bored or confused. this is the reason why the facs system is a vaule.