the challenge of exploring venus they sent people to go discover it and it is really close to earth its closer than any other planets. venus is called evening star its one of the brightest points of the light in the night sky. it is going to talk about how it is going to be different there and its simple to see from earth because it is kinda close. the national aeronautics and space administraionnasa has an idea of sending humans to go explore venus to see how it is there. they want to study it so they know how life works there so scientists could know about it. nasa possible solutiin to the hostile conditions on the surface venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. the temperatures woild still be hot at around  degrees fahrenheit but the pressure would be close to sea level from earth. nasa is going to be working on studying venus like some simplified electronics of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulatiing the chaos of venuss surface. so they can get an idea how it is going to be when they get to the surface so they will be ready because they already did some testes for that. the only thing it only lasted for three weeks in conditions. there is another project from an old techology called mechanical computers. computers existing in s may sound shocking but they calulations by using gears and levers they dont not require electroics at all. now we have computers that are more powerful, flexible, and quick but they tend to delicate when it comes up to extreme physical comditions. to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of its insight to be gained on the planet itself. humans will lead us into many equal intimidating endeavors. on earth shouldnt be limited by dangers and doubts to expanded. nasa should just study it more to see if there is any danger that can cause to humans. they should do more testes and try out new things and not to be scared of it because if they dont study it well and send people to live there they might now live the best. so nasa did a good thing about sending people to study venus. they will know now what they could had done better for the next time they send humans back there again.