change the electoral college,these citizens deserve to have their voices heard! many citizens are not aware of the main objective of the electoral college, and thus tend to debate in order to change how a president gets elected or leave it untouched with no mistakes fixed. for example, in the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong bradford plumer states that the electoral college is unfair to voters, because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance in winning. bladford plumer also stated that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. in my firm belief, i am in favor of changing the electoral college, im sure of the consequences this will impact on society and history itself, but we need a system that grants equality with the citizens and the government. and the states that candidates are most likely willingly putting their vote on is on countries with significance.  however, not everyone has the same view. in in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president richard a. posner stated that the winnertakeall method of awarding the electoral votes induces the candidates as we saw in s election to focus their campaign efforts on the tossup states. posner also stated that the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that states by population lose by virtue of the malapportionment of the senate decreed in the constitution. posner also said that the electoral college avoids the problem in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. to back his claim, he states that nixon in  and clinton in  both had only a  precent plurality of the popular votes while winning a majority in the electoral college  and  electoral votes, respectively.  continuing, it is clear that the electoral college does have its advantages but also contains disadvantages as well. im fully aware of the consequences this may have upon the constitution and the senate. now, i am not stating to get rid of the electoral college itself, but try to adjust and fix some tideous and unfair treatments to make it all equal. even though this could mean losing some interest from nominees, at least our system treats everyone with no difference. there are no superiors or inferiors in life.  in conclusion, i, not demand, but at least to try to have some concern for our population. bad reputation may mean a high loss of income from other states, knowing that this country has done some very sinister deeds that are simply despicable. listen to the complaints and hear their calling, after all, presidents always tend to drive their country to a better future, or am i wrong?