here are the reasons that the face on marsis not real. i will tell you why it is not real. we know that no human has ever lived on mars as far as we know. that is what we belive. everyone can see the face on mars different. it also variys on what each person thinks. we here have had also weird land forms happen here on our own plant .sometimes we see rockes even here that look like faces but we do not think they are human faces or an animal faces. landforms can be sometimes surprising on how they form. they can look as if it was something when it really is nothing at all. that is what happened at mars a landform formed and it got the shape of a face but we know that mars has not had live of people on it yet of course .we also know that no human has gone to mars or landed their to proove it is a face when we know it is not. no human has lived on mars so how can we say it is a human face when nasa has done alot of reascearch that only people have lived on earth not on any other plant so far. people also know that aliens do not exsite. landforms can sometimes counfuse us to think something else that does not even excite at all. but like always nasa well be doing more rescearch to show people it is just a normal landform that just some people think it is face but it is not. hopefully this essay has helped you to believe that the face on mars is not a face after all it is all just a story that you can either believe media and the people that told you that or the real resceacrch people that one day will show that it is just a landform. but for now some people think something else and other people think other things. nasa is the people you should believe not the media. hopefully i have my point across this essay to the people that think it is a human face. i see why some people can think it is a face becaus eat first you can see the face. but no it is not a face. face or not face we will one day see who is right the people that think it is a face or the people that do not think it is a face. also you can see in the pictures how the landform changes and if it was a face then it probaly would not change.