getting rid of the electoral college would be illogical and irrational. the electoral college was established in the constitution by the founding fathers to compromise between the congress and the people. it is seen as nondemocratic to the modern day system because the electors elect the president, not the people because when you vote for a presidential election you are actually voting for a slate of electors. many people say that what if they go against your wishes but the truth is that it rarely happens. so there is no reason to wory. we must retain the electoral college depite it being nondemocratic because we will be certain of our outcome, avoid runoff elections, and electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states have. a dispute over the outcome of an electoral college is possible  it happened in   but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. in paragraph  meaning that winning the candidates share of electoral votes over powers his share of popular votes. in s election, for example, obama recieived . of the electoral vote compared to only . of the popular votes cast for him and romney. in paragraph  shows how almost all states award electoral votes on a winnertakeall basis. so even if there was a slight popularity it creates a land slide in that state. having an electoral college avoids the problem of having an election where no candidiate recieves the majority of votes. for example in  and clinton in  both only had  plurality of popular votes. which meant they were tied and meant of a run on election. however, having the electoral college produces a clear winner. in paragraph  it says it can be argued that the electoral college method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state  democrats in texas, for example, or republicans in california.paragrpgh  meaning that they might not even vote if its not going to count for anything. electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states have by population. for example in the  election the popular vote was very close in florida and obama got the vote with  electoral votes. so, other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does... because they mean more. paragraph  many say that the electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winnter take all system in each state. however, why would you soend time in a state that you know they have no chance of winning. it would be a waste of time and money. that is why they focus on the swing states. the electoral college method of selecting the president could cause potential voters not to vote anymore because they dont see why they would if it doesnt count for anything. however no voters vote swings a national election. voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think what a single vote may decide on an election.paragaph  this just shows how we should let the electoral college decide who will be running our country, not the people.