in the challenge of exploring venus, the author gives readers details on how venus is earths twin. venus is the closest planet to earth in both size and distance. the author discusses with readers why scientist want to explore venus and how they are taking the steps to do it. the author of the challenge of exploring venus supports their idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by explaining how humans have the technology, why exploring venus is important, and by informing readers on the dangers of exploration. first, the author supports their idea that the danger of exploring venus well by explaining how humans do have the technology to explore venus. the text gives examples of many advancements that have been made in order to explore earths sister planet. the author writes, for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks. this quote shows that the authors idea is well supported because it gives an actual example of the technology that has been created in order to explore venus. space exploration has been advancing and improving for years, so eventually humans should be able to explore planets with the worst conditions easily. another way that the authors claim is supported is when they discuss that the technology needed has been around since before humans even traveled to space. the text discuss a device that has been around since the s and played a significant role in world war ii. this goes to show that humans have more than enough resources to travel to venus no matter how dangerous it may be. in all, the author supports the idea that exploring to venus is worth any danger that humans could face well by giving information on the technology that humans already have to do it. secondly, the author supports their idea that going to venus is worth it because they discuss how important it is to explore venus. the text discusses that out of all the planets in the solar system, venus is most like earth. the text reads, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well have once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various froms of life, just like earth. this quote displays that the authors idea is well supported because it tells the readers how important exploring venus is. by studying venus, scientist could learn more about different forms of life. there could have been different plants and animals on venus then there is now on earth. if scientist were able to figure that out, it would be an amazing discovery and could improve the worlds knowledge on space overall. furthermore, the author talks about how much more convinient it is for humans to travel to venus. since space travel can take years, venus is one of earths only options for exploration. so, the authors claim is well supported because they talk about how significant the exploration of venus is for science. finally, the authors idea is well supported because even though they support the exploration of venus, they still discuss the possible dangers of venus. it states repeatedly in the text that earths conditions greatly differ to venuss. the text says that each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no space craft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this shows that the authors claim is well supported because they are acknowledging the fact that the exploration of venus is not an easy task. sending humans to venus can be a fatal misson, so it is a good thing that the author can explain that, while still supporting their claim. another way the author shows the danger of exploring venus is in parapgraph three when it reads, these conditons are far more extreme than anything the humans encounter on earth such an enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. this shows that the authors idea is well supported because they still acknowledge the fact that going to venus is extremely danger for both humans and any sort of machine. in summation, the authors idea is well supported because despite the fact that they are for the exploration of venus, they still informed the readers on the dangers. consequently, the author of the challenge of exploring venus supports their idea that exploring venus no matter the dangers well by explaining how humans have the technology needed, why exploring venus is important for science, and by informing readers on the dangers of exploring venus despite the fact that they believe that it is worth the risk. the author of this text informs readers well and has an open mind while writing since they did explain the dangers. the readers can form an opinion on this subject since the author both dicussed how exploring venus is important and how it may be extremely dangerous to explore.