dear mr. senator, although it seems irrelevant and unnessary, the electoral college is very helpful and is needed more than people think. the electoral college is helpful in three ways one there is a certainty of outcome in the votes, two two types of states to persuade, and three helpful to avoid runoff elctions. the electoral college helps keep the certainty of outcome in the votes. the electoral college is widly regarded as an anachronism, a nondemocratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the canadidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. source three in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner the elctoral college also gives the candidates a second chance at winning the election. although someone won the popular vote portion of the election, they the canidate could still lose the election at the electoral portion. the electoral portion of the election is where the elected representatives go and vote for the president again and have a final deciding vote. even with this prestegous process sometimes there are instenses were the underdog wins the electoral votes and not the popular votes. although these instenses are little to nonexsitent. but each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee and that is rarely betrayed... however, it is entirely possible that the winer of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. yet that as happened very rarley. it happened in, when gore had more popukar votes than bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that was the first time since . source three in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner with two types of states, swing states and big states, the candidate can get wrapped up in trying to get the most votes in one particular type of state,typically big states they dont notice how the oppisite type of state could benefit them in the long run. the winner takeallmethod of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates  as we saw in s election  to focus their campaign efforts on the tossup states... they are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average and for the further reason that they will recieve the most information and attention from the candidates, and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election. source three in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner on the other side of this arguement would be the big states texas, califrnia, florida, etc. who usally vote the same party every election. the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balnce that large states by population lose by virtue of the makapportionmentof the senate decreed in the consitution... so, other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential campiagns than a small state does... source three in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner lastly, th electoral college helps aviod runoff elections. the electoral college aviods the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a mojority of the votes cast. there is a pressure for runoff elections when no candidate wins a mojority of the votes cast that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the electoral college, which invariably produces a clear winner. source three in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president by richard a. posner in conclusion, we need the electoral college to help us with three things one provide a certainty of outcome in the votes, two two types of states, and three helpful to aviod runoff elctions. prsonally, this is the only logical solution to our nations voting system. sinceraly, a concerned citizen