driverlesscars should not be manufactured because they are run by computers, they can be dangerous, and they are unrealiable. all driverless cars are run by computers. computers cant be realiable because most are due to malfunction or fry at the very least. they use sensors to view the surroundings so the car wont run into anything, but what if the sensors dont catch something and the driver goes flying into a ditch or hitting the car infont of him. with conspirises of goverment spying on people nowadays, this is just giving them an even easier way of doing so with all the cameras and computers the maufactures use. also with how easy it is for people to hack into computers and softwares today, just imagine someone hacking into a drivers car and either killing him or using him for something. driverless cars can be very dangerous. ifwhen it malfunctions a driver would have no control over the car and he could end up driving off a bridge or into oncoming traffic. what if the driver falls asleep at the wheel and the car cant wake him up in time for him to go around construction, hed go right through it. this also just makes it easier for people to drive drunk or underage kids driving undetected. it is just causing dangers to happen to the driver and everyone around him. since the driverless cars are run by computers they are less realiable. one simply does not soildly realie on just their phone to store all their photos and music, they will back it up with their computer. you cant do that with a car. a person cant just realie on a driverless car to pick them up or be on time. or if someone decide to chnage where they want to go midroute. computers simply cannot be trusted to do a humans job. overall, i am againt the development of driverless cars. if this comes to happen, soon people will expect things to hlep them learn, then that leads to not gong to school anymore, and then wed just be making even more stupid people famous. it even making people more lazy than they already are. how bad is it that they are so lazy that they cant even drive their own car. driverless cars are run solely by computers, they are dangerous, and unrealiable, which shows they should not be manufactured. does the u.s. really want to be known as the laziest and dangerous country on earth?