driveless cars should not be in the article driverless cars are coming the author gives positive and negative aspects of driveless cars, but the negative ones stand out more. there are just too much negative aspects we cannot overlook. these driverless cars are too expensive, still need a lot of human assistance, and are not safe. driverless cars are too expensive, if we were to just have driverless cars then that would cost a fortune. why would you want to spend millions of dollars on a car? the author says, radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. these cars would be taking away millions of dollars and they cant garantee that it will be a good money investment. why would you want a driverless car if it still needs a driver? these cars still need a lot of human assistance to operate, wouldnt you get bored sitting in the car and waiting until it needs you? the author states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents that means that you still have to be very alert of what is going on because the car might need your assistance, and that just proves how they are not driverless cars. driveless cars are not safe, why would you want to be in a car that can cost you your life? they are not safe for the driver or anybody else on the road. the article states, ...in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars...if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe drver or the manufacturer? the cars a re suppoused to alert you when they need your assistance but what if the flashing lights go out, or the part where its supposed to be alerting you fails? the government has not approved these cars yet so no one can garantee that its safe enough to drive. driverless cars should not be out in the road were they could cause harm. these cars are too expensive for no reason, they dont garentee safety and they arent trully driveless. the author might give some good aspects but the negative ones overrule, and one cannot overlook that.