emotions are the basis of human nature, emotions make humans humans. why should a computer be able to dictate the emotions of students in a classroom? there are more forms of emotions than the six that dr. eckman classified. there is more than being able to modifly a lesson, like an effective human instructor. this technology shows no value to the everyday classroom, or everyday life. it does not help with the problems in the classroom and there is no need for an emotion reader when there are  emotion readers in that very room, the students and teachers. to start off, the article states itself thatin fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. humans have the capacity to know the emotions of someone else by looking at them, and even talking to them. these computers can not communicate effectivley with empathy the way people can. a computer is programed to a degree of settings rather than a human brain that has access to every possible feeling and emotion there is. to continue, there are about  students in a classroom on average with the ratio of  teacher. dr. huang states that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. many flaws can arrive when this technology is scanning multiple students at the same time. to modify the lesson for every emotion in that classrom would make the lesson more confusing for the students and it would send the technology into a breakdown not having the capacity to handle all of these newfound emotions. an effective human instructor would be able to provide a simplified lesson to those that struggle while still maintaning the focus of the other students in the class. it has been proven that students memorize and learn better with paper rather than computers, maybe that should be a sign that these technological advances should stay away from the classroom. in conclusion, dr. huang stated himself thatmost human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication,... so computers need to understand that, too. the technology has flaws, the developers knowing that it would not understand many things. why bring flawed software into classrooms that hold the future of the society? science cannot keep using these students with uncanny importance to the world as test subjects. keep the software out, let learning and growing in. can we actually calculate emotionslike math homework? yes it is possible, but it should not be the route in which we help education thrive.