i strongly believe that the use of this technology to read students emotional expressions is a good idea. this use of technology can be very useful and valuable for many reasons. the first reason why would be because if a student does not understand the material effectively, the computer can identify this and try to make the problem a little easier for the student. in prargragh six it states,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang.  so computers need to understand that, too.this could help students pass classes because the teacher can not know if everyone is understanding the material all at the same time. the second reason would be because this technology could prevent suicide or other serious case senarios. .in paragragh six it also says,  imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. this means that the computer would be able to indicate if a student was sad or angry. if the computer indicated this kind of feeling upon the student everyday, then the teachers would be able to talk to the student to try and figure out why they are so sad or angry. these talks could prevent a student from making that bad decision. the final reason would be because it could prevent a sickness from occuring. sometimes you can tell when a person is about to have a seizure or heart attack just by their facial expressions. by the computer being able to indicate that, it could save someones life. in paragrapgh one it states,  dr. huang and his colleagues are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. when a person is sick or having a health issue they may not be able to talk and tell you that they are having an issue, so this technology could identify this behavior and give the teacher a sign or warning that there is something wrong. some people may not want their teachers to know what their emotions are, but i strongly believe that having this new technology will keep kids safer, and smarter in a various number of ways.