studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. well venus is the second planet from our sun. it is also proved a very challenging place to exmine more closely because venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth. venus is also the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, it is also clostest in distance too. venus is sometimes right around the corner in space and humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on the clouddraped world, and since they went there they dont survive for more than  hours. also numerous factors talk about venus being a challenging planet for humans to study. they say its even more challenging the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric in venus. the temperature that the planet holds is  degress fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what they experince on our own planet. this is more extreme than anything humans can hold on earth. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, its amazing because even though mercury is closer to the sun venus is still hotter. venus has once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. they even say venus was probably coverd with largely oceans and could also supported various form of life, just like earth. so basically they are saying it venus was some what like the earth. so now in day venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. venus can also be sometimes be our nearest option for a planetray visit. venus seems indisputable. venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. but they thought it as challenges. also now many researchers are working on making machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. so it can be stronger than humans and they can last longer with venus. there are still nasa working on other approches to study venus. so this is all the inforamtion they have for venus. it is very powerful and hard to do awhole thing about venus because humans going over there can die about in  hours.