dear state senator, what do you think of the electoral college and how it plays a unfair role into elections? shouldnt the man or woman with the most popular vote be the president? it isnt fair for the people because if more people want that particular person elected then why shouldnt he be elected? he has more people on his side after all doesnt he? these are all questions you should be asking yourself because you as state senator have the power to abolish our states electoral college system. there is in fact several great facts about why we should do away with the electoral college system. three of them might be that the electorcal college system isnt fair between all  states, the winnertakeall system isnt fair towards voters, and also the disaster factor is completely wrong. the electoral college system is a despised part of our should be fair elections. our senator have you seen how the electoral vote works? according to the third paragraph in branford plumers writings called the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong it clearly states as a very vaild point that the electoral college voting system isnt doing its job. to be precise the voting isnt up to the people at all. what happens is that we the people all go and vote for a president and one obviously has the popular vote. what happens is that the electors put our votes in and say we have mabye three hundred thousand people voting from our state and well you see we dont get that many electoral college votes towards the president we want. then say another state gets mabye two hundred thousand and that side has the more people in its state then us and then they get more electorcal college votes then us but we had the mroe people. does that seem very fair to you? to continue from there we have the winnertakeall system which basically does what the name applies which is that if say one side gets mabye ten more votes towards one canidate then that side gets all the electoral votes towards that canidate and does that seem right to all the other people just because they got  more votes? no it doesnt and its a crime towards all the other people who voted for the other side. next theres something called the distaster effect. the disaster effect is basically that the electors dont have to put in the popular vote. the electors who are chosen by the state legislature actually look at all the votes and vote for a canidate. the more electors that put in a particular vote win and they take all the electoral votes dude to the winnertakeall system. the catch to that is the elecotors actually dont have to use the pouplar vote and they can vote for whomever they want to be elected. this is not for the people at all and not even close to it. now that i have given completely valid reasons cant you see that the electoral college voting system is biased to serve only the goverment and a few select people. if you used the popular vote system everyone could vote for whom they choose and then we would have fair elections so the true canditate of the people is chosen. sincerely, a concerned citizen