today, many people all around the world rely too heavily on their cars. there are many great reasons that car usage should be limited. car usage should be decreased because owning a car can be stressful, dangerous, and cars give off unwanted gas and pollution. although cars have been used for many years, it is not too late to take action on this problem. many people today would agree that buying and maintaining a car is very stressful. it is very expensive to own a car, and it takes a lot of hard work to keep the car in good shape. i am much happier this way, states heidrun walter rosenthal, . walter states that she is much happier without a car due to all the stress that comes with owning a car. walter also states that while she had a car, she was always tense, rosenthal, . this is probably because of the expenses and time she had to sacrifice while trying to take good care of her vehicle. this includes buying the car, paying for gas and insuance, repairs, and washing it. people will save themselves a lot of time and money if the amount of car usage is limited. not only are cars are stressful to maintain, but they are also very dangerous to operate. people run the risk of severe accidents every day when they drive their car. in source , the author states that new forms of public transportation will improve safety, rosenthal, . the most occuring accidents are car accidents, which happen everyday. families will have to worry less about losing people they are close to. there will be less unecessary accidents, such as drunk driving, and using phones while behind the wheel. by reducing the amount of drivers on the road, the risk of these accidents will become much lower. one last reason that car usage should be limited is that cars give off lots of unwanted gas and pollution into the air. recently, paris faced nearrecord pollution, duffer, . this was caused by the extreme amount of emissions from their cars. the main cause for people wanting to reduce the use of cars is because of this unhealthy gas. cities all over the world are making efforts to help reduce and prevent the emissions. the only way to do this is limit the usage of cars. transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, rosenthal, . if the change can be made, then it should, in order to keep the environment safe. there isnt much time before the pollution gets out of hand. although so many people rely on cars so much, they do not see the advantages of not using them. most people dont put into consideration how harmful these vehicles are to the environment. on top of that, they cause uneeded stress and danger. because of these reasons, the usage of cars should be limited.