in the article making mona lisa smile, the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify humans emotions. have you every thought of a computer that can tell if youre happy, disgusted, angry, or anything youre thinking about? well it already exists and so far good things have been heard from it. it would be a geat idea to have that technology that reads the emotional expressions of students in classrooms and help them achieve goals. it would benefit students if they were to have the technology to read their emotional expressions. in paragraph , a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instuctor. this would help students because if you get stuck on a problem, the new technology would see your face expression and will notice that something is going on. it would slow down and try easier problems so you can understand the concept, as you start to get it more the problems will get harder and its like a teacher trying to challenge you. technology being able to read the emotional expressions of students in class is valuabe because students would be able to have more communication with the new technology. in paragragh , dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. this is helpful for all students because their future will consist of new technology and if they start using it now, it will benefit all students and help them succeed in the future. it is a good idea to know how technology works and have communication with computers because that is what you will be using in classes or college. new technology is good for all students and it will benefit them in class because it could tell if you like a subject or not and move on teach you something you could like or even something you will do in youre future. in paragraph , by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. so if you dont like what the new technology is teaching you, it will notice because of your emotions and try teaching you something new that is also important. this would help students not to stress and help them understand more. in conclusion, the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is very valuable. it would help multiple students on what they are working on, each differently according to their knowledge. the new technology is called the facial action coding system that enables computers to identify human eomtions. there is also a high chance that the technology can teach students better than most teachers because it could tell what you are thinking according to your emotional expression, something that not all teachers can do. the new technology will help students academically and emotionally which would motivate them to choose a career they would be interesting in trying.