i am against the development of these driverless cars. i am against these driverless cars because they cost alot of money and will only create more political issues in our counrty. there is also way more important problems to try and fix. these cars indeed are one of the least important. especially when time is such a scarce thing and building these cars would take up so much of our time. building these cars would cost alot of money. this article states that since the late s, there has been companies that have tried to make this world a better place with driverless cars. clearly its been a long time since the late s and we have still not made it possible. the smart rode systems these companies created worked well but this article states it was way too expensive. if back then the materials needed to make these cars were very expensive, dont you think our advanced technology now will be way more expensive? there are lots of things required for this car to work and with every little mistake, justice must be served. laws are not an easy thing in our world. we have a great law system, but yet after years and years it is not perfect. this article states that new laws will be needed in order to cover liablility in the case of an accident. why should we work on making new laws instead of prefecting our laws now? we already have a great focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. we can make it better but we must not lose our focus. focus is such an important thing when improvments need to be done. yes, we have had great innovations in our generation. our technology has advanced by alot. it does make it possible for there to be cars that actually are driveless. but we must also think of the more importants things in life not just cars. we need to make out government better. we need better ways to stay healthy. we did need great transportation, the safer the better, but we need to work on more important things right now. time is such a scarce thing for a human and we should spend it on things that actually matter. i am against these driverless cars because they cost alot of money and will only create more political issues in our country. there is also way more important problems to try and fix. maybe one day we will realize how people went to jail for something they didnt do and all we did was care about a more entertaining way to get us from one place to another. this can work, but we all have to be on the same side first.