cars back in the olden days required the use of a knob to turn on, but as the years have gone by, the human race has started to improve car experience. some turn on by just the push of a smiple button, and others are able to be ridden independently meaning that the cars can drive without the aid of a driver. allowing a movement as big as to allowing cars to drive driverless is showing how much improvement cars have made, but alongside improvement, it guarantees safety. some people would say that having a driverless car is extremely dangerous because even though the car can drive itself, accidents do happen. not only that but hackers could change the directions of where the car is meant to go and could potentially put someone in danger. now, that could be true, but, with creating these types of cars the manufacturers know the risks so they could take precautions by adding firewalls to protect the car from getting hacked. as for reckless drivers, the cars could have cameras inside to check on the driver, to make sure he is alert while the car is driving to the drivers destination. the safety of pedestrians, drivers, children, and passengers is cruicial when having an auomatic car, which is exactly why extreme precautions have to be taken. some modern driverless cars have seat vibrators so that when an emergency happens, the driver can take action and keep everyone safe from harm. if the seat vibration isnt an option, then alerting the driver could be another way to potentially keep the safety of everyone without any harm being done. not only does there have to be safety with the driver, but there also has to be safety with the car and its surroundings, which is why driverless cars have sensors all throughout the automobile, so that the car can know what its surroundings look like and make sure not to cause any incidents. technology is advancing, and fast. the cars being created today are getting humans a step closer into having cars that drive themselves on a daily basis in the near future. some people may disagree and say that driverless cars can be dangerous, but if humans keep getting smarter, they will do anything possible to make those cars, the safest of cars.