venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because it is one of our planets in orbit, and also is the closet planet to us. like in paragraph   venus is the closet palnet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closet in distance. even astronomers are fascinated becuase venus could have been like earth covered with various life forms like earth. venus is still a dangerous planet like how its describe in paragraph   a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets which is very dangerous and also havs degrees up to  fahrenheit. and atmosphere pressure  times greater than ours. these conditon are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. venusian geology also say that the weather is very extreme, with bug earthquakes, erupting volcanoes, and alot of lighting which destroy probes tryning to land. venus and earth do share simalarities. like in paragraph   venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. venus also has features like earth with rocky features mountains, valleys, and even craters. they even said  furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a plantary visit. venus is dangrous but scientist are still trying ideas to examine it. like on paragraph   scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. venus could be examined by a ship hovering safely up above the planet but only little sight becuase the light can get through down to the crust which means no standard froms or video are getting through. venus is a planet that can be landed on soon. like in paragraph  many reaserchers are working on innovation that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. scientist are still working on landing probes safely on venus. lik on paragraph   some simplified electronics made of silicon caarbide have been tested in a chanber simulating the chaos of vensuss surface lasted for three weeks in such condtions. the next step scientist are going to do is use old technolgy used during world war . these machines used to caculate gears and does not involve eletronics. venus is worth trying to explore. if we can get to explore venus crust imagine the more we can do. like on paragraph   human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.. there will be more dangers planets in the beyond other than venus which is why we should thrive and explore venus.