do you know what a seagoing cowboy is? luke bomberger was a seagoing cowboy,a person who helped foreign countries of seas after wwii. luke was apart of the unrra, the united nations relief and rehabilitation administrationto help foreign countrys who have been left in ruins get back on their feet. on his way to europe,he had to cross the large and vast atlantic ocean. to pass time on there way to europe they played games such as,tabletennis,fencing,and boxing. they also read and whittled to pass time. the way luke got into the seagoing cowboy business,was his friend asked him if he wanted to join him,and he couldnt pass up this surreal oppurtunity. but, the downside was he he had to travel the rambunctious seas. the ship luke and don boarded to take these cattle over to europe is the ss charles w. wooster. reasons join this program are that you get to help others get back on their feet in times of disaster such as war,hurricane,tsunami,nuclear disaster,or other types of disasters that may happen. but their also some dangers to be aware of. during one of lukes journeys to europe he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. if it werent for a small strip of metal he would have fallen into the dark atlantic ocean. but,besides broken ribs he was glad he wasnt sleeping with the fishes,literally! its also an adventure to. during another one of his trips he got to boat around the watery streets of venice,italy in a gondola. also while in greece he visited a excavated castle. he also marveled the panama canal on his way to china. but,what came most in handy is that he used to help his aunt katie on her farm as a boy so, luke was prepared for the hard work. so as a conclusion to this story, i would hope you join an organization that helps others in need, especially countries overseas. even though this job might be hard, your making a difference in our world and theres. you could join an orginization like unrra,or just simply join and orginization that helps new americans,like immigrants from foreign countries fit in in our society today in america. that would be a good example our country could set for other countries. this should be our goal for every thing and anything. are goal should be to help others and just not ourselves. we need to stop being selfish and help others get back on there feet if their in times of need. this is the example we should set as the united states of america.