imagaine a world where global warming could actually be depicted as a myth, a world where you could walk out side a breath cleaner and more safer air. limiting car usages will indeed help the enviorment in a major way over a estimated period of time. elisabet rosenthal, author of in german suburb, life goes on without cars, robert duffer, author of paris bans driving due to smog, andrew selsky, author of carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota and elisabeth rosenthal, author of the end of car culture all have vaild points when it come to explaning the great advatages of limiting car usages. without the use of car america would indeed be a safer and move gren place to live. to begain, cars is one major sorce of stress and poulution and without them he earth would be alittle more peaceful. the turnout was large, dispite gra clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on bogota selsky. the source above is just one example of how the lack out cars brought together a whole city. walking around in the rain, something most people wouldnt do often was brought together when a city banned cars for a day to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. unless you are driving a eletric car, cars are not good for the enviorment in an way. passenger cars ae responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe rosenthal. may not seem like a big number but that  percent will effect the enviorment, causing things like global warming. cars are needed in daily life but limmiting their uses from now and then would help emprove the life expectancy of our earth. furthermore lowering the uses of car can also can help save the earth we are talking about a long term outcome. paris typicaly has more smog than other european capitals....last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter duffer. france has high levels of smog due to their use of diesel more then gasoline. these high levels would be lowered once the use of cars are limited. the use of driving can be limited in multiple was, such as the use of internet or cell phones. whie these devices can only give you the feeling of talking to one another, it is a very great way to reduce emmision levels. the internet makes telelcommuting possible and allows people to feel moe connected withou driving to meet friends rosenthal. in conclusion, a safer and more greener earth are just two advatages of limiting car usages. the eath will also be around for your daughter and her kids to come. their are mulitple ways andvantages of limiting car usages.