although it would be nice to have a driverless cars, the possibilities of getting into an accident are tremendous. i wouldnt want to have to rely on my car to drive me anywhere at anytime. just the thought of not having the control of the wheel scares me. having to trust your car to do the things you want it to do is stomach wrenching. i think it is just as bad as texting and driving. manufactures created this thing to signal and alert when the drivers must take control. what if the driver fell asleep? what if heshe were to busy that they didnt feel the vibrating of the chair or couldnt see the flashing lights on the windshield? you might think it isnt a problem but if you think about it, it is. driverless cars would probably make people start depending on their cars a lot more. this could cause drivers to become lazy and not worry about what might happen. when someone lazy depends on something, they dont really think twice about it. this would make them not care about driving. another thing to think about is how the driverless car would react to a sudden accident. what if a car came crashing into the driverless car that it didnt have time to react. it would mean that the driver wasnt paying attention to the road and not fast enough reflex to take over the wheel. in paragraph  it states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. a driverless car shouldnt be trusted completly for one of this reason. in paraghraph  it states another, this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. again, what if the driver was to busy not paying attention or was ditracted? what if the were to slow to react just in time? if texting and driving is illegal, why should a driverless car have a shot? it is basically the same thing. you wont have your hands on the steering wheel. you wont be paying attention to your surroundings. you would have your eyes somewhere other than the roads. a driverless car would make someone put all their trust into it and hope for the best. i would rather have the complete control of the wheel rather than letting technology take over it. technologies dont always work out well. i wouldnt want to rely on something that can take my life or someone else life for that matter. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver ot the manufacturer? i take driving realy seriously and to think that i wouldnt even be driving a car while im in one is already stressing enough.