most people have been riding in cars there whole life and never once rode a bus. knowing that it is bad of our planet earth and yet we still do. but there are places and people who gave up their cars, whether it was for ever or just for one day. many of us know that cars are partly responsible for global warming and pollution, they are responsible for  percent because of gas emissions. the most polluted city in the world is beijing, china. to avoid having that title of cities decided to take action. cities like mexico city, paris, and bogatacolombia, have certain days a week when certain cars can not be driven due to pollution that it may cause. to enforce this rule citizens will be fined if driving a vehicle that is not corresponding that day. however, citizens do have many other forms of transportation that are economical, buses and taxis are still in service every single day. bogata has a population of  million, and they have a day called day without cars that happens only once a year where absolutly no one is allowed to drive there own car with the exception of taxi and bus drivers. if you are found driving you will fined as well. carlos arturo plaza claims that it is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution as he rode a twoseated bicyle with his wife paragraph , carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky. recently two other colombian cities gave joined this earth friendly event. vauban, germany is a small town that is slowly growing because unlike most towns this one has no cars. there may be a few familys that own one car but they never use its only there for emergencys. in fact street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district paragraph , in german sburd, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal.  of the familys do not own a car, and  sold a car to move there. the citizens claim that when they did have a car they are always tense but with this new life style they are much happier and stressfree. we are witnessing a longterm cultural shift. every year few and fewer citizens are geting their licenses and few cars are being bought paragraph , the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal. it is now more common that many cannot afford a car because the prices are going up and you have to invest in it, plus carpool is very popular. this cultural shift will be good for everyone and good for our planet. we need to take a much care and give so much to it because this planet that we call earth is the reason that we are here.