the right of freedom of expression is here to stay. in the article making mona lisa smile the author nick dalto introduces a new technology called the facial action coding system, that enables computers to identify human emotions. dalto also cretaes an argument against the usage of technology that reads a persons emotions. in the article making mona lisa smile nick dalto creates an argument against the usage of technology capable of reading peoples emotion by using examples, facts, and comparisons. the author provides examples to support his argument. in the article the author provides examples to grab the audiences attention, and make them think the same way that he is thinking which is against the usage of technology in classrooms a classroom computer could recognize whan a student is becoming confused or bored dalto. u.s students have the right to express their emotions, and if they are being watched by a computer that tracks down their emotions while they are performing their daily activities, they are going to feel intimidated which means that they will start to hide their feelings from the computer and society. which leads into another problem moving your facial muscles do not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them dalto. the problem with this technology is that if students start hidding their emotions such as happines, they will start to lose that feeling, which can then lead to greater problems such as conflicts at school, etc. facts are used by the author to support his point of view. people need privacy, and by the usage of this technology, their privacy is being disrupted. if a student is trying to express his feelings to someone else, but he can not do that because he is afrad that the computer will give him a warning, he will be force to hide his emotion and not have any communication at all most human communication is nonverbal, dalto. dalto provides the audience with this example to show them that emotions play a fundamental part of communication. the new computer technology emphasizes in the musular actions its all bout those muscular action units. dalto. if a student is being watched by a computer, and let say that he is really depressed and needs help, but rememberes a joke from las week and laughs for three seconds, the computer will automatically perceive this muscular movement and it will think that the depression is now gone and that the students is perfectly fine. those type of actions should make the creators of this new technology doublethink about what they are about to make, because it can lead to serious problems in the future. comparisons are used to create an argument against the new technology. the author provides comparisons to make his argument stronger and try to make the audience agree with his opinion. the new technology will cost the governement and the people thousands of dollars, which can hurt the economy, and this is because people will need to buy the new products your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile dalto. the author compares the ordinary computer with the new computer to demonstrate the differences between them, he also puts the audience to think about the changes that people will have to go through in order to install this new technology in their lives. dalto also makes comparisons with normal life situations shes  percetn happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. no, thats not your science teacher, grading your latest lab assignment. dalto. the author compares a science teacher grading an assignment with the new computer. the comparison creates a sense of fear because people wont be able to perform their regular day activities without being watched and graded, which is taking away one of the most important rights a human can have which is freedom. in the article making mona lisa smile nick dalto creates an argument against the usage of technology capable of reading peoples emotion by using examples, facts, and comparisons. the article provides plenty of information for readers to understand the situation and to decide that they should not agree with the idea of using the facial action coding system in classrooms to read the emotional expressions of students, because this new technology will prevent students from expressing their deepest feelings with others. the new technology can also cause great misunderstandings between people that could lead to severe consequences, that is why the author creates and argument against the usage of the facial action coding system in classrooms.