the face, an interesting topic to many people. although some people question its formity. is it a natural landform? or was it created by aliens? people have their opinions on what it is but after doing more research from nasa, this article explains what the face really is. it gives you background information to help understand what the face is, a natural landform. the face has been seen by multiple nasa scientists. many argue that it was created by aliens while others argue the face is just a natural landform. in paragraph three of the article it states the caption noted a huge rock formation... which resembles as a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the paragraph said it was a rock formation, which is part of natural landform. the face was just a rock forned like a human head and that only the shadows are giving out an illusion of a human face. after a few years scientists went back to cydonia to explore more about this odd structure. on april , , mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time. michael malin and his mars orbiters camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orginial vikings photos. on a jpl web site it was revealed that there was no alien momentum after all, it was just a natural landform. people were still not satisfied with this research. so on april , , mars global surveyor went back to cydonia to snap more pictures of the face. once he got the picture, the text states in paragraph twelve what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butee or messalandforms common in the american west. this article gives more research and information about the face being a natural landform then it does about it being created by aliens. in some paragraphs the text gives you background information to understand that the face is a natural landform. people may still have their thoughts about it being created by aliens but as nasa explores more about this structure they have all the proof they need to prove that the face is yet another natural landform.