earth is the third planet in our solar system , and the big rock we humans inhabit in todays time. living on earth, conditions are pretty good with inhabitable surface temperature, low atmospheric pressure, and breathable air. our space neighbors, however, arent so lucky. the two closest planets to earth are mars and venus. venus, however, is the most closely related to earth is density and size, and distance in some cases. the only problem is that venus has a very harsh landscape, and humans even fitted with the most capable technology wouldnt last very long . so,why should we study venus if its one of the most dangerous neighbors you could ever have? the author who wrote this article claims that venuss surface can reach over  degrees fahrenheit , and have an atmospheric pressure  times greater than earths. the author emphazises, though, on the fact that venus may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the author then proceeds to elaborate on this, stating that venus may have once covered with various lifeforms and may have been covered largely with oceans, and that studying venus could solve some of the biggest planetary mysteries . paragraph  states, today, venus still has some planetary features analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the author then proceeds to state how the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has been exploring some ideas to send humans to venus for studies. paragraph  states, imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape... a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. in paragraph , the author then concludes with stating that , meeting the challenge presented by venus has value. the one thing the author did not clearly address in the article is why studying venus landscape would be benificial , and worth risking lives. the author states, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.