i think driverless cars are an interesting idea. i have never really thought about a cars that can steer, brake and or accelerate themselves. these cars they call driverless arent actually driverless but they think they are close. there are benfits to a driverless car such as, they can tell you when you need to take control of the car and not just keep going head on into anything and also they can vibrate when they sense danger from backing into an object. there are cons to this as well. there can be a glitch and they can crash or not work. and if you crash who is at fault? as the article says, so how driverless with the cars be in the future? its a matter of when the cars with actually be driverless not how because as the article says they still need human assistance. if they can still steer, brake and accelerate the makers are getting closer and closer to making it driverless. for now they still need the human driver to keep their hands on the wheel at all times and their eyes on the road at all time. its like the people are making sure the car is doing its job. what is something goes wrong and what will the human drivers do then? dr. werner huber the bmw project manager driver says, we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. huber wants to make it fun but it needs to be fun in a safe way. so he wants to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems thats helps give the human drivers a headsup. he wants to incorporate safety features to make sure its fun in a safe way because as it says in paragraph , safety is a big concern. but if there is a glitch and someone or other people get hurt there will be consequences. there are driving laws that try to keep drivers, passengers and pedestrians safe. but traffic laws are written under the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. what if that human is a drunk driver and they are uncoordinated how will it be safe then? i think that people have to be certified to drive a smart car or a driverless car as they say because their can be reckless and careless drivers out there and they can cause problems for themselves and with the manufacturers. in paragraph  it says, if the technology fails and someone is injured who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? in conclusion, there can and are many arguments and debates on wether or not driverless cars will be actually be driverless and safe. the automakers are getting closer and closer everyday and safety is the number one priority. the article says tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving autopilot  percent of the time. what about the other  percent will us humans still have to watch the car and make sure its doing its job or can it actually be driverless and safe once in for all. airplanes have an autopilot option. if airplanes have an autopilot option why cant cars?