venus, the evening star is a gorgeous planet to look at in the night sky but is a deadly planet to step foot on. scientists and astronomers are finding various ways to either put a human on the planet or send another spacecraft over to sit in the air longer than a couple of hours like the past ones that were sent. first venus has a lot of flaws and conditions where humans wouldnt be able to outstand. in the text it states, on the planets surface, tempatures average over  degrees fahrenheit... the challenge of exploring venus no human would be able to outstand that burning tempature without some type of aircraft or special suit. also in the text it states,  and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. the challenge of exploring venus you would just crush if you were placed on this planet. these condition are way more extreme than anything us humans have encountered. second, even though scientists and astronomers know how dangerous venus is and how terrible their conditions are, they are fascinated and want to learn way more about it. they believe venus is the most earth like planet in our solar system. in the text it states. long ago, venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the challenge of exploring venus if so, this would be a good reason to explore and find out more things that used to be on this planet. the text also states, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the challenge of exploring venus after reading all of this, it can show that venus can be our only closest option for a planetary visit in the furutre. in conclusion, there are a lot of pros and cons in sending a human or spacecraft to the planet venus. the planet venus is deadly and if someone steps on the planet without the proper grear or spacecraft, it will lead to a tragic but obvious death. but soon, curiosity will lead us humans to the planet to evaluate and study the planet venus.