in this essay i will be evaluating how well the auther support his idea of venus being worthy of pursuit even with all its dangers. throughout this passage, the author gave some details then countered his own details. i dont believe exploring venus is worth it from the acid rain to the dangerous surface levels. so i will be stating his details and then the counter claims he gave aswell. the author started off explaining facts about venus in paragraph three stating how thick the atomsphere was, the temperature on the surafce, what type of ships can handle the trip, and the distance from the sun. he stated that the atmosphere is thick and  percent is carbon dioxide blankets. the text also stated that that the planets surface is about an average over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  time greater. he also stated that the venusian geology and weather present additional impediments such as erupting volcanoes, powerful earth quakes, and lighting strikes to probes seeking land on its surface. the author also had gave an really good idea for sending humans to study venus. the main issue with the trip is the surface temperature, so they counter that problem by staying above the surface. they want ot an vehicle float  miles above the landscape but another issue is that they would have limited sight. in the text they stated that rendering standerd forms of photo and videography would be ineffective, not to mention but they also wont be able to get any samples of rocks, gas, or anything else. in the text, it stated nasa is still working on an idea for exploring venus with simplifed electronics made of silicon carbide. the electronics lasted three weeks in an simluation of what venuss surface would be like. it was stated that another project is looking back at old technolgy that was used back in the s ww. in conclusion i believe the author supported his claim through out the whole passage. he gave facts on how it would be an good planet to study aswell as how it was worth meeting the challenges presented by venus. the text stated that venus was our most earthlike planet and still have some of those features today.