many people believe that driverless cars would be a good idea. they believe that is would help drivers be more safe while driving because their car would be in charge of the driving and the person behind the wheel would have no control, unless they wanted it. scientists believe it would prevent more car wrecks and other accidents that have to do with cars. driverless cars are a good idea. the text states, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. many believe that driverless cars could save us from more wrecks and other kinds of accidents because the car could react faster that the person in control of the car. the car could handle everything from backing up, pulling in, maneuvering through traffic jams, going up and down hills, and just driving across town. these cars would make everyday driving routes a lot more safer for everybody. these cars would also have an off option. the text states, some manufactureers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take oversomething not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern. the driver could turn the auto drive on when they are tired and do not want to focus as much on the road. they would put their lives in the cars hands. but also, they could turn the auto drive off so they can be in charge of the road. usually people would do this when they are in traffic and are ranging speeds from ten to thirty miles per hour. the the person might feel safer because they are in charge of where they go and how fast they are going. the way these cars would work would be by sensors in the roads and on the front, or under the car. the sensors would tell the car what is ahead and what the car or the driver should prepare for. the text states, googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. all of these things are what helps the car keep the passengers safe and the other people that are on the road safe too. sensors have came a long way since the s. after about ten years, the sensors have grown tremendously. they are capable of so much more now that they are more technologically advanced. some do belive that these cars are not a good idea. these cars could be very expensive. they would have brand new technology. also, the safety of the cars are a big question. the text states, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this is a big question. the car could make a mistake because of a glitch or something else, and it could cause you to be involved in a wreck. the cars are supposed to prevent these types of things, but you never know with technology. self driven cars are soon to be forgotten. scientists are working hard everyday to advance the technology we have to make the roads and other places safer for all. these cars could save people all the way from life threatening wrecks to hitting our trach can while backing up out of your driveway. these cars are going to be the next big thing.