did you know there is technology that can read how you are feeling? there is a new computer software that can recognize emotions. imagine this kind of technology in schools. it could help alot of students like if they get bored or tired of the lesson. all schools should get this type of tecnology in their computers. first, if all schools had this computer software it could help tell if a student is getting bored of the lesson the computer would know to make it more interasting. if all the student were just bored of the lesson all the time they would just not pay any attention and fail. if the computer had the software it would have able to detect that and spice it up. then there would be way less students failing and injoying what they were learing.a classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused ot bored. next, it could help detect if a sudent was sick so they nurse would know weither to send them home or not.to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. if a student asked to go to the nures and said they were sick the nurse would be about to tell if they were with the computer software. so know there would be less people getting sent home. since students would only get sent home if they really were sick then they would do better in school becasue they would be there more. they would also have a better attendance record since they are missing way less, finally, this type of technology could help with decipline in schools all around. if a student was sent to the office for something he or she did the person in charge would be able to tell if they telling the truth. this could help so many students not get in toruble becasue if they were actually telling the truth they would know.of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. in conclution having this type of software in all computers in schools all around the contury would be a very good idea. being able to read sudents emotions would help everyone in so many ways. it would with education and deciplan. with type of technology it could help more students edvance with their eduaction.