in the challenge of exploring venus, the author informs the reader about how it would be very compenstating to study venus because of its close distance and to earth and how much of simialraties is has to earth. he also describes how because of the many challenges venus has to study it its even more important to study the planet. as stated in paragraph , striving to meet the challenge presented by venus had value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this statement supports the idea that venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, because it expains the challenges venus has to study it will be worth it because we will gain more knowledge on it and it will probably lead us to many more challenging planet studying. in the article it also explains how similair the earth and venus are and how close they are. the author explains this in the statement, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to eath in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest on distance too.this statements informs the reader on why the earth and venus are alike by giving facts to why. the author also states, today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains, and craters. by this staement the author is trying to further inform the reader about how other features are earthlike. in conclusion, the author supports the ideas that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers .the author does this by informing the reader about the challenges of studying venus but how its worth it because is will strengthen human curiosity to study other challenging planets further. the author is persuading the reader to not be fearful of the dangers because it increases imagination and innovation. the author states how its in our best convience to study a planet like venus because of its high similarites to earth and it would be ideal because of their distance apart.