i agree that the facial action coding system will be helpful in students and at schools. because the system can detect a students emotions, it can help a teacher learn more about that specific student. by knowing that a student is off guard or not paying attention to a certain lesson the teacher can help that student on the lesson oneonone. not all students have the same emotions, so the students may not be getting taught well enough because of how the student might feel. the system can help a teacher realize that a kid might be mad and needs a certain activity to do before the class starts a lesson so the student can be content. since more lessons will most likely be taught on computers, the teachers do not have to worry about wasting paper and money. there is a downfall to all this greatness. more students will be on computers. that can cause damage in the eyes or brain. some parents might not like the idea of their child being analyzed by a computer. since the computer will use the camera to see the students face, the camera will have to be on. parents might not like having their child exposed. some teachers might not like the idea of having cameras on in their room for the same reason of being exposed. although there are more benifits than problems in the system. students can be happier if the teachers notices that they are sad and actually do something about it. if the student is happy they will most likley be on topic on a lesson. imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or saddalto. the computer will be able to detect your mood and help you be happy if you are feeling sad. teachers will get to know their students more. because the comptuer can tell a students emotions, it can give information for the teacher. the teacher might use that information to see if that child needs to talk to someone in private. schools should get the facial action coding system because it benifits students and their ways of learning. it also helps teachers get to know their students more and help them out if they need help on a certain lesson if they feel confused. kids will be happier if teachers recieve information that a student is sad and need joy in the classroom. students will be less bored if the teacher gets information that her class feels sad. the teacher can help the students not feel bored by making the lesson somewhat intersing. thats why i think the facial action coding system is a good idea to have in schools and any learing facility.