is it possible that the face on mars could have been created by aliens? some people believe that the face on mars was formed by aliens however, i do not believe that is possible. a few of the pictures taken of the face on mars were taken when it was cloudy,but that is the only information that suggests that aliens could have made the face. many scientists have done extensive research on the face on mars, and they have found that it is nothing more than a natural landform in the shape of a face. if you believe aliens formed the face on mars, then be prepared for multiple facts that go against that belief. numerous scientists have studied the area in which the surreal face formation is located, and they have found various mesas. martian mesas are common around cydonia, the place in which you would find the face. because of these facts, it is believed that the face on mars is just another martian mesa that is coincidently shaped like a face. nasa even captioned one of the pictures saying huge rock formation that was formed by shadows, giving the illusion of a face. this explanation makes a tremendous amount of sense more than aliens creating the face. although quite a few people vehemetley express their opinions that the face is evidence of life on mars, nasa says that they are not hiding any information about alien life. why would nasa keep life on mars a secret? if life was found on mars, nasa would share the information because they would make a lot of money from it. they would make history if they had proof of life in mars! some defenders of nasa even wish that there was an ancient civilization on mars. there is absolutely no way that nasa would turn down that amazing oppurtunity and keep the evidence to themselves. the picture taken by michael malin is another reason to believe that the face was not an alien creation. he took a picture that was ten times sharper than the original viking photos by using his mars orbiter camera moc. the picture taken on april , , revealed that the face on mars is a natural landform. there was no reason to believe that the face was not natural, but some people still believed that aliensdid in fact make the formation. the tenacious scientists were still determined to find evidence to make everyone see the truth. april , , was a cloudless day in cydonia, and mars global surveyor was able to get close enough to the face to capture a extraordinary photo. the picture was taken using the cameras maximum resolution. if there were objects in the picture near the face, you could have seen what the objects were. there was nothing unusual aroung the face on mars. the picture shows a martion equivalent to landforms common around the american west. it reminds some people of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, which is the same height as the face on mars. this evidence supports the idea that the giant, faceshaped formation is a natural landform, nothing more, nothing less. aliens are not even proved to exist, let alone form a landform like this one.