imagine, you are sitting in the class and there was a computer in the front of the classroom that can read the emotional expressions of each student. how would that make you feel? trapped? uncomfortable? according to the article, professor thomas huang, of beckman institude of advanced science at the university of illinois, and his colleague are developing a computer that can calculate emotions called facial action coding system facs. the use of this in the classroom is not as valuable as it seem. using this advanced technology could make the students feel uncomfortable in the class. it is also a waste of money for the school board to afford the computer for each class in the school. the computer is also not valuable because teachers would know how the students feel without the help of the computer, so there is not point. first and foremost, using this technology would just waste money for the school. knowing the emotion of each student is not what the schools main focus is. even if the computer helped read emotions, what is the use of that? the students emotion is not going to change just because there is a technology telling them how they feel. most teachers already know how the students feel. the school should instead use the money to make the school a better place for students. for example, they could increase the budget on after school activities or make better lunch for students. secondly, having the facial action coding system would just make students feel uncomfortable in classes. students might be more focused on the techology that they were even more distracted than they were before. having a technology that knows your emotion would also make the students feel isoloated and trapped in the classes. according to the article, the facs on have six basic emotions. that means the technology would never be one hundred percent accurate. some students might not even want to go to classes anymore because of the technology watching them during class. some people might say that using the technology would be better at reconizing the students emotion , but they are wrong. a technology that is created by human being can never be smarter or better than a human. this tecnology only have six basic emotions, but there are so much more emotions that it can not recognize. in the article, it stated that we humans perform this same impressive calculation everyday. the use of this technology in classrooms are very little bacause teachers would be able to recognize more enotions that a technology could ever have. teachers do not have to know if the student is  percent happy,  percent disgusted or  percent fearful,as long as the teacher know the basic emotion the student is feeling. in conclusion, using the facial action coding ststem in classroom is not as valuable as it seems. the computer can make the students feel uncomfortable and isolated. it is also a waste of money for the school. they can use the money for better and more useful things. it is also not valuable because teachers already know how the students feel. even though the tecnology is not valauble to classrooms, it shows what we are capable of doing and what we can accomplish. this can open up to more better and useful inventions in the future.