new advancemnets are made everyday. and everyday, there is someone to question the achievements created in the st century. people argue about things as simple as the purpose of phones and now they have something bigger to argue about driverless cars. driverless cars can be viewed as a danger to society. with no one to control them, how safe can they really be? google, bmw, and several other companiews have answered these insecurities by creating many developments. google has created a car loaded with positionestimating sensors, rotating sensor on the roof, video camera mounted near the rerview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, an inertial motion sensor, as well as a spinning laser beam sensor named lidar which is attached to the roof of the car. all of these creations has helped the car mimic the skills of a human driver at the wheel. not only are the cars installed with hundreds of safety features to insure there are no accidents, they also know their own limitations something humans have a hard time doing sometimes. bmw anounced the development of traffic jam assistant in . these development helps the car steer, brake, and accelorate on its own, but in the event that they need human skills to navigate construction roads or very busy traffic jams it sends an alert to the driver. gm has created a seat that vibrates when a human needs to take over, and the google car is programmed to simply announce when the driver should take the wheel. as stated in the paragraph above, humans have a hard time knowing their limitations. wether they drank to much or have not had a enough sleep, they still think it is okay to get behind the wheel of a car. this creates a dangerous situaiton for others as the person driving no longer has complete control over himself or the vehicle, and an accident is most likely to occur. this can be fixed with the drverless car. no matter what condition the human is in, the car will always be under control. the same technology will still be there no matter what without fear of being under the influence or lack of sleep. it is a much safer option that of reckless humans. google, bmw, gm, and many other companies have created advancements in order the achieve driverless cars. everyday they install more features to make the cars more comfortbale, enviormentally friendly, and safer. as these achievments are being made, they seem like the safer alternative to that of humans who do not understand their limitations. driverless cars should be a part of society.