imagine being a teacher and having to create lessons that will keep your students interested. it can be difficult because you never know how students really feel. the technology, called the facial action coding system, would be really valuable in the classroom. this technology is useful because it can make learning more personlized for students and can help teachers know what mood a student is in. this technology can be valuable for a few reasons. here is one of them the facial action coding system can make the class and lesson more personalized for a student. in the text, it states that a classroom computer would be able to recognize when a student is confused or bored. from that observation, the computer can modify the lesson to fit the students interests. if the student is interested in what he or she is learning, then they will be fully focused on their work and in the long run, their grades will be better. as a student, i know that when im confused, uninterested, or bored in a class, i cant put my best effort into the work that i do. with this technology, students will thrive in their academic life and actually enjoy getting an education. another reason this technology can be valuable is that teachers can be able to find out what mood their students are in. if theyre teaching and they see that most students arent interested with the lesson, they can switch up their lesson to make it more exciting for the students. this technology can, in a way, bring students and teachers closer together, by being able to read emotions. if a child is upset or in a bad mood, the teacher will know and then can handle the situation properly. in the text, it talks about how this system can detect fake emotion, along with your actual emotions. this can be valuable in the classroom because as a student, i tend to put on a fake smile or fake my actual mood at school so others dont bother me. so with the system, people can see our real emotions without having to wonder if youre being honest about how you feel. in conclusion, i feel that the facial action coding system is super valuable in the classroom. this technology can benefit both the student and the teacher. it can making learning more personalized for the students and can help teachers figure out the emotions and true feelings of the students.