the use of the facial action coding system facs is a valuable technology in that it can recognize emotions in humans and even paintings that even humans sometimes are not able to. the facs can is a whole new discovery and tool to the psychological world of emotions because it is able recognize and calculate emotions. it is unique because although humans are able to recognize their emotions up to a certain point, they cannot calculate the exact or even the closest approximate to the emotions they feel. thats where the technology is becomes valuable because it has the ability to recognize and calculate the emotions of a human or a photo. one may argue that the facs is would not be effective or valuable because it is a programmed and minipualated system. while that may be true, the system is programmed to be as close to the real human facial structure as possible. the d computer model face has  major muscles, all of them made to move like real human muscles. the work and credibility of the making of this system is credited largely to dr. paul eckman, the psychologist who created the facs and classified the six basic emotions. the facs system can also tell the difference between a forced facial expression, such as a smile, as opposed to an unforced one based on the movement of ones facial structures. thus, as stated in the article, these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. this technology can help psycohlogists, doctors, or even friends and families better understand a patient or a loved one. doctors can diagnose a patient more accurately due to a better understanding of the patient with the system. friends and families can also use the system to have a better bond with each other through better understanding of emotions. most humans are not able to express, or even recognize, their emotions through words and words can get lost in translations. this technology is valuable to the future of society in the sense of human relationships with each other and doctor diagnosis by using the psychological aspects of a patient.