emotions are being expressed on the daily basis varying from happiness, saddness, and everything in between them. nontheless, emotions can be hard to identify since most of them can be nonverbal rather than them being straight forward. especially when using technology in the classroom, it can be hard for students to explain what the issue is with them trying to get an assignment done. this leads to the point that using the facial action coding system can be beneficial in the classroom by modifying the lesson or program to the each students specific needs. now a days more and more classrooms are going one to one meaning using more online tools with technology than textbooks allowing students to get assignments done even when the teacher is not there. although, this can be tough without having a teacher near by to help the student understand the lesson better or, the student can be scared to ask the teacher a question making it difficult for the teacher to know, therefore leading to the use of the facial action coding system. as dr. huang said in the article, most human communication is nonverbal... computers need to understand that, too. with most human communications being nonverbal there leads to the trouble of how a teacher can figure out if the student is having trouble with the assignment, but by having the facs there would be no problem. the facs will figure out that the student is looking confused and modify the assignment to be better understanding or show some examples on how to complete it. correspondingly, another student might be feeling bored because the assignment is too easy for them and so then the facs can change it to be more challenging for the individual. by being able to modify the assignments this will allow students to understand the lesson plan better causing test score to improve. by changing the program or assignment to a students needs when a teacher is not around can be beneficial to a classroom by using the facial action coding system. stated in the article, making mona lisa smile, by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. with this said sometimes humans can not differ the different emotions they use on a daily basis, in which this system will help many students in the classroom. solving this problem will lead to students getting a better understanding of the lesson in which will lead to test scores being increased, all by the help of the facial action coding system.