driverless cars are coming is a passage which talks about the development of driverless cars. driverless cars are currently in development but hope to see the roads of the world in a few years. they can change the way that everyone lives their normal lives since transportation will be evolved. driving will be different than it has ever been before and once again society will have to learn how to use new technology. driverless cars should be developed and made available to use by the public. first, driverless cars can help make the roads safer and less accident prone. in the recent years accidents have become a normal event to witness in everyday life. thats why driverless cars are going to be equipped with technology that allows the driver to know when they have to take the wheel. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. another example that driver less cars will make the roads safer are they can help keep the driver focused. accidents that happen on a daily basis are mostly caused by distrctions in or around the vehicle. driverless cars will lower the distration rate by alerting the passenger when they need to completely focused. the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over...while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. finally, driverless cars can help aid teenage drivers and teach them how to drive safer. accidents among teenager has become a rising problem and the number is only growing. driverless cars still require a driver so a teen would be perfect behind the wheel because they can get a feel of how a car should be driven. when its time for them to take the wheel they will be able to show all they have been able to learn.  special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel...but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. another example is driverless cars will make driver easier for teens since they dont have to be so stressed about driving. driving is one of those tasks which takes time to master and the aid of the driverless car will allow a teen to learn how to drive safer and easier. in conclusion, driverless cars are a develpment which will soon change the way driving is completed in everyday life. driverless cars deserve their chance to hit the road as they come with many benefits. the driverless cars will be able to make roads safer and aid teenagers in developing good driving skills. driverless cars in one way or another should be developed and made availble to own by the public.