the seagoing cowboys is the best thing i have ever done. you get to go to many places like china, or greece, or maybe even italy. these places are the best places even though they look like small countries on the map they are really huge places in person. but enough about what i did when i was a seagoing cowboy. im trying to get you to join. sure it may be hard work but you can still have fun and visit different countires. maybe you and your friend can both become a seagoing cowboy. alot of people can join maybe a dozen people can join and the people you dont know you can become friends with them. if you become a segoing cowboy i bet anybody no matter the gender can be a great seagoing cowboy. you should join i set the new record for visiting nine different countries and i want to see if you can beat that. you might just might be able to learn to speak a different language and you can test your friends to see which language you are speaking. in plus you get to hang out with animals like horses, or cows, or mules. you also get to work for unrra which is a great federation. but you have to have a college degree to become a seagoing cowboy or you can never join. make sure to get good grades in highschool as well that way the unrra knows that your right for the job. if you become a seagoing cowboy than you would be able to explore the world go to the atlantic ocean, pacific ocean, and many more. the reason im trying to get you to join is because their is alot of people that died in the war. you can help people in the war by becoming a seagoing cowboy that way you are the best person in the world and you can have a good mind and say i helped people in the war and im proud. join the seagoing cowboys i know it might sound like a ridicoulus name but if it helps people than be proud of being a... seagoing cowboy! help other people and make good in the world. but you dont have to become a seagoing cowboy you can do many other jobs to help people in the war. but im just saying becoming a seagoing cowboy is the best job ive had.