will driverless cars benifit us in the future? i do believe that if google works on these cars to keep improving them in the near future over the next ten to twenty years they will benifit us as the years go on. in fact did you know that google has had cars drive independently under certain conditions since . thats incredable, and to say that they use twice as less gas than the cars use today is even more incredable, because of the fact that the people in the united states or even in other places in the world could save on gas. they are still dangours, but they will improve over the years. we have a big future coming with selfdriving cars over the next ten to twenty years. one of the most intresting things i read out of this whole passage was that on top of the cars that are selfdriving there is a spinning senor that creates d models of the cars surroundings. that is called the dubbed lidar, and it is used for detecting cars and objects that is around it to prevent crashes. that can either go one of two ways. i believe that if something happens to the computer that is running the car to keep it or make it drive indepently if something happens the car will end up wrecking or the car turns itself off. it could also have nothing happen to it and google makes a car flawless that can drive on its own. considering we can save on gas and if these cars can drive by itself and without any glitches in the system and nothing happens who doesnt want that. if these cars are even assisting with brakes or turns instead of taking full control that would be cool to. it could be rather dangours if these cars had full control of the vehicle. id prefer if a car only assisted me on turns and brakes and if it did have full control id want there to be a setting in the car that determines that. in these cars the computer can detect the laws and speed limit which is pretty cool if i do say so myself. since the computer detects the laws if a law changes id want someone to be able to change that in the computer to keep those people in the cars safe at akk times. laws are always a concern for people with plan cars that arent self driving and nobody wants to break the law unless the are  crazy. imagine if someone was in a driverless car and the car just took off at speeds over mph. would the person in the car be charged for that or the company that produces the car if it was the cars or computers fault? realistically the cops would have to investagate it, but id charge the company that makes the car. before they send a car on the market do lots of test so that never happens, but if it does make sure the cops investagate what actually happened. these cars are very sketch and if something bad happens the company needs to be aware ,because anything can happen eith driverless cars. these cars will benifit us later in the next ten to twenty years. if the manufacters sent these cars out and put them on the market who knows what will happen. the companies that are currently working on these cars need to keep working on them, and need to not send them out for sale yet. we can save on gas, but its not worth risking peoples lifes over driverless cars that are not  complete yet. we need to wait until we in the united states have the money or technology to finish this project. google works hard on these veryday and week to keep improving them, and they need to relize these issues and get them solved. i also read they had people testing these cars and there was only like  of them out there for testing which is how it should be so we arent risking thousands of peoples lifes all over the world. hopefully we can see these cars in the next ten to twenty years in the united sates and even if posiable to see them in other countries.