in the challenge of explorig venus, the author does not support the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers prevalent on the planet. the author uses poor diction in supporting his idea and does not provide enough evidence for why but instead provides numerous examples on how humans would study venus. firstly, the idea of rising up to the challenge to explore a wonderous planet is nice, but the actual rationale behind it unfortunately does not hold the same wonderous value. the author points out in paragraph , astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. astronomers curiousity of a planet that could have possibly been similar to earth is not worth millions or billions of dollars which could be used elsewhere. simple fascination and speculation is not an incentive to spend that type of money. humans should perfect spacecraft that will be sent into space before shelling out millions of dollars for very little information. the answer seems to be clear. the price simply outweighs the ultimate gain of exploring venus. contrary to what would support the authors claim to pursue further exploration of venus. he includes various backdraws of exploring the planet. the article states, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface temperatures average over  degreees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. hese conditions are far more exterme than enaything humans encounter on earht, such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and wuld liquefy many metals. also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. beyond high pressure and heat. venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. all of that mentioned in the paragraph are reasons why humans should not pursue further exploration of venus. a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide and other toxic gases, clouds of sulfuric acid, an average temperature of over  degrees, atmospheric pressure strong enough to crumple a submarine like a soda can, erupting volcanoes, and frequent lightning strikes. so in essence the danger alone should dissuade anyone from even attempting to visit venus. the author goes on after his brief reasoning to explore venus to give an example of how one would explore the planet. he states,nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray... a blimp like vehicle hovering  or so miles above the rolling venusian landscape... temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees farenheit... not easy conditions, but survivable for humans... peering from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because mos forms of ligh cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. it is presented once again that exploration of venus would not only be dangerous, but will ulltimately prove unfulfilling in terms of gathering information. the author uses words such as ineffective , survivable , not easy , and limited. all of which refer to the study of the planet. none of his examples show some sort of positive aspect of exploring venus. in conclusion while the authors idea that exploring venus will give new insight, and better our overall ability to understand space as a whole it is undeniable that exploration of the planet is simply not worth the risks, dangers, and costs presented by evidence in the article.