google cars for better or worst? the google cars have started revolutionizing the way people drive in america. the development of these cars have been proven quite sastifying to the manufactuers who constructed the car, and the consumers who plan on buying them. however, everyone is not on the same page, and disagree about allowing these cars to be created. these google cars are beneficial to humanity because it comes from a reliable company, the advanced saftey features, it eases driving for those with disabilities. google, as we all know, is one of the largets search engines in the world. it is used for research, and finding about general information. they make a lot of money just their uses and the number of people who use it. now, they wish to invest that money into building cars that drive themselves and protect the people. we should just, at least, give them a chance. according to the portion of the article labled sensnig the world, the google car have numerous advanced saftey features. in paragraph four, it says that google modified the prius with positonestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, four automotive radar senors, a gps, and an inertial motion sensor. this makes the car more safer for the driver it could detectoutofcontrol skids or rollovers. the information from the sensors could make the car apply the brakes, thus preventing an accident. poeple with disability claims are probably the ones who can benifit from this the most. a deaf person wont be able to hear the warnig alarm that is set in the car. however, they can see the flashing lights on the windshield. the same thing goes for a blind person but in the opposite way he or she might not be able to see the incoming danger, but they do know where the brakes are. a blind person can be able to drive again with the car protecting him or her evry way it can. the google car shows great promise in the future. it has many quality features to keep one from injuring himself. people say that the car will have dilemas, but you wont know until you try, right? if google wants to try and make a car that could benefit and change the way we drive them, i say we should let them.