i have just read unmasking the face on mars and many people are convinced that the face, found near cydonia, is just a natural landform. however, there are also many people who believe this face to be of extraterresrial activity. however, nasa has gave us more facts that prove the face to be a mountainlike landform rather than an extraterrestrial phenomenon. first of all, many photos taken by nasa themselves show no evidence of aliens, but natural landmasses. on april , , nasa sent the mars global surveyor mgs over cydonia. michael malin and his team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. once that happened, it was revealed to the public that the face was just a landform. this proves that the mass was indeed a landmass. also, these pictures were taken after the original onethe one that got everyone speculatng about the origin of the landmass, which means that the new pictures are much clearer and thus more believable han the original. secondly, many of the theories around the face of mars being a definite sign of aliens, are all conspiracy theories. the fifth paragraph states, some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. this quote from the article proves that there are many people who make up theories that have no credibility or legs to stand on. also, many of these claims hold no cocrete evidence but are rather based on speculation. finally, nasa deployed the mgs yet again on april ,  a cloudless day in cydonia. paragraph ten explains, we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maxium resolution. also, paragraph twelve states, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or messalandforms common around the american west. these quotes prove that the picture was the best resolution it be, and the face was still depicted as a landmass. also, they compare these landforms to landforms commonly found in the american west. this concludes that the face is not of any extraterrestrial activity, but just a misunderstanding made by conspiracy theorist. in conclusion, based on the evidence from the article, the face is in fact a landform of mars. this states that there is no extraterrestial life in our universe as of right now. this article teaches people that you should not listen to conspiracy theories, but facts that have evidence to support it.