why drive when you can use many other alternatives ! there are many reasons why the citizens in my town and all across the world should limit car use. three really good reasons are, to limit pollution, to lower stress, healthier life style. my first reason for thinking that we should limit are car usage because it is a very big cause of pollution. in the article written by elisabeth rosenthal she states passenger cars are resposible for up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states pollution is a very serious is that could easily be stop or reduced. its also can be as simple as walking to your destination, car pooling, or even taking the bus. in the citie of paris in france to help to reduce the smog and pollution they banned driving even numbered license plates from driving on one day and banned odd numbers on the next, alternating every other day. enough smog and pollution cleared one of the following days that the lifted the ban on odd numbered plates they were allowed to drive. these all always very easy ways to help stop pollution. the second the reason why i thinking that we should limit our car use is if were to use them less it could lower our stress levels. the citie of bogota, colombia have day in which no one use a car for the whole day unless its public transportation or a taxis. one citizen claimed during car free day that its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution another citizen who lives in a community where the streets are completly carfree says when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,. if the citizens of the world were to cut down on the use of air polluting vechiles it could also not only less polluted place but also more calm and less stressed out people. my final reason for agreeing with idea of limiting car usage is if we drive less we could all lead healthier lifestyles. imagine how many calories you can burn by walking to corner store or taking a bike to your nearest walmart. the health benefits are endless. if you think about it sitting in the car barley moving to do anything you dont loose any calories at all. so why not walk, run, or jog instead. in conclusion i think it would be best for all us to cut down the use of driving. my three reason are, to limit pollution, to lower stress, healthier life style. this would benefit not only us but to future generations of the world.