a car that you do not have to drive. it sounds pretty cool right? there are many aspects on why driverless cars are good, but on the contrast side, many driverless cars are not that appealing, not to mention that they would be highly expensive. driverless cars can cause accidents, are not truly driverless, and are not legal in numerous states. driverless cars, even though they sound interesting, are in fact not that ethical. when you think of a driverless car you may think that they are safer, when in fact they are not. according to the article, they still have many kinks to work out, and big problems with liability.cars that are driverless can cause as many accidents as a normal car can. if you were to get into an accident wtih a car that is driverless, and it was the techonolgys fault, who is to blame? when you think of the word driverless car you would think that the automobile itself would be completely hands free, when in fact it is not. the article states that the driverless car can not do what a human can do. such as go through heavy traffic, or going through work zones and around accidents. in fact, the article also states, that none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. the driverless cars are not in fact driverless yet. if car manufaturer was to think of a way to build a driverless car with all of the features it takes to make it a driverless car, he wouldnt be able to unless he lived in one of the following four states in the u.s. in the unites states, according to the article, only have four states that allow you to test and make driverless cars. these states are california, nevada, florida, and district of columbia. with limited states that allow you to test drive these types of automobiles, how do we know that they are truly safe? on the contrast side the driverless car is a good saftey feature. it drives itself, but alerts the human when an action they can not do arises. since these cars have this feature, they can alert the driver when they really need to pay attention. when you are driving the driverless car you always have to have your hands on the wheel or else it alerts you, which is a good saftey feature. driverless cars have many keen features, and soon this will be the car everyone wants to buy in the future. but with all the saftey features only the higher class members would be able to afford it. also, cars that are driverless could pose a threat to the newer generation by letting them slack off, and let the car drive itself. when in reality you are supposed to be driving the car. the question is, would you allow your teen to drive this car, even though the technology is not promised to work?