the production of driverless has its ups and downs. people making driverless cars is something pretty intresting. people will not need to me in the road for hours at a time concentrated on the road worrying about the cars in front of you and behind you. i think that driverless cars are something that would be an intresting invention if it was prefected but right now its not something people should pay a couple thousand more for. it is unecessary for the production of driverless cars. people who have money will be buying these cars, not the ones who make forty or fifty thousand dollars a year. if they want to make this car they should make it available to all classes not just the upperclass. when i hear the word diverless i think of a car where you dont need a driver at the wheel. with driverless cars you still have to have the driver concentrated on the road. companys like google, and bmw are trying to invest in something like that. the reason they do that is because they see the future they see what it would be like if they were the ones to make a truly driverless car. there is too many laws and regulations that are going to prevent these companys from making and selling a car where it doesnt actually need a person to be infront of the steering wheel. if someone got involved in a car crash who would be paying the bills if the car was driving itself? or how much more would you have to pay your insurance for driving a car like that? these are all questons your would have to ask yourself if you are considering to buy a car like this. in the text is states that if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? car companys are just bringing these little unecessary problems to themselves. the text says tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  precent of the time. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . i believe that if these car companys really invest into devloping a car that is truly driverlsess it would be something that would be worth paying a couple thousand more for. i think that driverless cars would be something great. it would be something great if a car can truly drive you anywhere. what i want when i hear driverless i want a car that can take me on a roadtrip that all i would have was be in the drivers seat. the concept of a driverlsess car would be something that would open new doors to different things, but there are too many things that would have to change. laws in most states dont premit these kind of cars. i think it will be a couple more years until people can go buy a car that can drive its self. there are just too many things that people, insurance companys, car companys and governments would have to change. theres somethng that people need to ask themselves. is our society ready for a major change like this?