people use cars everyday, but limiting car usage can be very beneficial. there are many advantages when limiting car usage. limiting car usage can clear smog, reduce traffic, and it make people less stressed. many people use cars, but that number has decreased over the last few years. there are many other ways to get to a place rather than using cars. we are now open to many options of transportation. cars can be used, but there should be limits. limiting car usage can clear pollution, particularly smog. for example,automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middleclass families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes. and that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions rom tailpipesrosenthal. cars are an impediment to the efforts of trying to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. with the limiting of car usage, those greenhouse gas emissions can surely decrease a lot. it will make the air healthier for people to live, and for future generations. smog and greenhouse gas emissions can reduce greatly if cars have limited usage. not using cars can make people happy,less stressed out, and relieved of tension. people dont have to worry about their cars, and paying for gas and other things when they dont use their cars. for instance,when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this wayrosenthal. a woman is saying he is happier when he doesnt use his car. another example is its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollutionselsky. both of those claims are very true. it does take away stress for him, while it reduces pollution. thats a winwin. with less stress and tension, people will be happier in their lives and there might be less problems in society. limiting car usage can have really great impacts on peoples happiness. reducing the usage of cars can also reduce traffic, making it easier for other people that use cars. in france,congestion was down  percent in the capitalduffer.  percent is a big amount of traffic. im pretty sure that that would satisfy alot of people. no traffic means less accidents, and less people worried about being late to school or work. only a crazy person would actually want to be in traffic. there would also be less noise of cars, and more peaceful sounds . limiting the usage of cars can guarantee the satisfaction of people that normally go through traffic, and those who dont like it. there are many reasons to limit the usage of cars because there are so many advantages. people will be less stressed and more happy, there will be less traffic, and the air will be less polluted with smog and greenhouse gas emissions. the possibilites are endless. it is very simple less cars, more benefits. people need to realize that having cars may have some benefits when trying to get somewhere, but it makes more sense not to because there are so many advantages. limited car usage can benefit people in many ways.