the years seem to by flying by, people seem to be growing smarter, and technology seems to be improving rather well. smart products are becoming more and more popular in some countries, and students in school are using technology often. psychologists all over the world are studying why students and young adults need a program to help others understand their emotions. systems like the facial action coding system is showing people why emotions are important in peoples everyday lives, especially in schools. helping the students around the world is important, and the facial coding on computers can detect when a student is bored, confused, or worried. when a student is falling bored in class, it can be hard to tell what is going on. they may not be paying attention and the teacher may not even know what the problem is. the facial action coding system will come in handy computers will be able to easily detect when a student is falling out of focus. helping out students pay attention is important to their education, and the facial coding is high programmed algorithms to detect the facial muscles on a student. this program is accurate and quick to decide what the student is feeling in class. the passage, making mona lisa smile, mentions when a student is falling bored, the program that recognizes the students face can update to show information that interests the child. aside from students falling bored in school, the facial action coding system can come in handy for recognizing students becoming confused also. there are different facial muscles used for confusion, worry, surprise, and happy, so the coding system can help students who become easily confused. dr. huang and his colleague nicu sebe are working to help computers and humans to communicate, without the confusion. the computer system can update its information to help the students by constructing a d scan of the face, becuase it can be confusing trying to figure out what the student is confused about. this system can then modify its lesson to help the student become less confused, like said in, making mona lisa smile. when talking about emotions, worry and surprise go hand in hand. worry is easily detected by the facial action coding system that dr. paul eckman created. a persons frontalis pars laterlis muscle is above the eyes and falls the category of worry and surprise. when a student appears to be worried, or shocked over a subject, the computer program can adjust and help the teacher figure out what the student is struggling with. a program that does not help a student can be detrimental, that is why the facial action coding system will come in handy to easily detect the students feelings. the idea behind the facial action coding system is that a computer scan of a persons face will be used to decide the persons emotion. when someone is angry, their orbicularis oris tightens around the mouth. this muscle will be detected on the facial action coding system, as all the  major muscles will be modeled on the program. it is helpful to know when someone is angry or feeling down, and this system is extremely helpful for students.