the facial action coding system is a very useful tool used to help tell what other peoples emotions are just by their facial expresions. having this technology can be very helpful in the classrom. it can help define the mixed emotions of a student, how they feel of a topic they are learning, and if a student is telling the truth. the first reason as to why this technology is useful in the classroom is defineing the mixed emotions of students. in the artical it says the software can even identify mixed emotions paragraph . being able to identify mixed emotions of a student can be helpful. sometimes a student may be stressed and upset over something, making it hard for them to concentrate on their work. you cant just let them not work though, but knowing their feelings you may be able to take it more slow paced for them that day. the student may have felt angry and stressed before they came into class, explaining why they got so upset when they couldnt find their homework. another reason this would be useful in class is by defining how they feel about a topic in class. in this article it says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... then it could modify the lesson paragraph . having this tool say when they are confused is extraemly helpful. it lets the teacher know they may need some extra help, and the computer know to explain things in a different way. when a student becoms bored of what they are doing it becomes hard for them to concentrate, or causes them to want to rush through. the final reason facial action coding systems should be in classrooms is because it can help tell when a student is lying. in paragraph  of the article it says muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politcian or celebrity isnt being truthful. this can help a teacher know when an anxious student needs help, but says they dont. some students may be too anxious to actually speak up when they need help, causing them to lie when a teacher ask them if they do. this also comes in handy when a student has done something and no one knows who it was, like tearing down a poster or putting a tac on the teachers seat. in conclusion, this technology would be very useful for classrooms to define a students emotions to improve work, help a confused or bored student, and spot out lairs.