the technology that they have produced is very interesting and for sure can be useful. i think that it can be very beneficial to not only a classroom environment, but other types of environments aswell. for a classroom i think it is very valuable. i think it is valuable, because teachers and other staff members can use the information to change the way they teach. they could also use it as a way to change the way they behave to students. for example if there is a teacher doing hishers usual lesson, and the students find this teachers way of instructingteaching very boring. the instructor could use this information, and change the way they do things in the classroom. maybe the teacher is not very energetic and very bland at talking. maybe their assignments are too difficult andor confusing. the information will let the teacher know that the students are bored and arent paying attention or confused, and then he could use that information as an advantage to spice up the lesson, or change the assignment. as it says in paragraph , then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. not only could we use the technology for learning purposes only, but for a studentteachers mental wellbeing also. this technology could also used by detecting if a student is going through tough times. the technology can pick it up with the students facial expressions, and it could take note and inform the staff at the school. if the emotions are constant i say constant because everyone has their bad days maybe the student is depressed, or having problems at home or school even, and the technology can pick it up and inform the school. from there the school could get help for the student, or talk with them. all in all i think that there are a lot of benefits to computers reading emotional expressions at school. it could benefit the learning environment, and also a studentteachers mental stability. also im sure that there are many more reasons than that. i think that this can be something to look more for in the future and expand and improve more upon it.