im against the development of driverless cars. i think they are not a good idea for three reasons, theft, technical difficulties, and risky actions. my first reason is theft. somebody could steal one and just leave off with the car. for example, a robber comes out a bank, he see a driverless car, hops in and leaves off with it. also, i think its easy for people to steal them because since its driverless they probably wont need a key.theyll use sensors. my second reason is technical difficulties. i choose this reason because in our world, people build a lot of stuff but theres always a problemtechnical difficulty. having driverless, computerworking cars, can be very risky. according to the story driverless cars are coming, a quote in paragraph  states  they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. what if the car has a technical difficulty from the rain. usually technology doesnt work well when its wet. say i was driving a driverless car to the store and it started to rain. i want to turn left but instead it turns right and crashes into another car. then i wouldnt want to buy a driverless car no more because this dangerous situation. my last reason is risky actions. theres a pssibility that a person can get injured or die from driverless cars. according to the story driverless cars are coming in paragraph  it state,  if the tecnology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? i feel like it would be the manufacturers fault because they the ones who made and sell the driverless cars. it shouldnt be the drivers fault because they no driving, they put they trust into the technology, hoping it will get them from point a to point b safely. if this technology does fail, theres a possibility that someone or families could be injured or die from this risky situation. i dont think driverless cars are safe in our world. we have had a lot of technology that had technical difficulties. it is too risky and can put people in danger or harms way we should stick to humans that are skilled driving.