can you imagine a world filled with cars that doesnt need any human assitance? well that world is in the near future  driveless car have been created. the postive apects of having a drivless car it is more safe and driverless cars will allow humans to be more alert. with more stafety than an average car today this can be a huge factor in making the switch to having driveless cars. when many buy cars today the safety of the car is the determining point when purchasing it.in the article it states,further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. the quote supports that a positive aspect of the self driving cars is the safety of it. moreover, the quote supports that the self driving car is safer because it can handle more task then an average car today. in the article it also states,  the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offers far more fexibility than an bus. it can be inffered from the pervious quote that drivieless cars are more safe and better for the enivironment becuase it will comsume less fuel. as a result of drivless cars being safer their is less room fro human errors. driveless cars will make humans more aware, therefore eliminating many human errors. in the passage it states, this means the human driver must be remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this necessitates car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs.this quotes supports my pervious statement in the first paragraph that the positive aspect of driveless cars will allow humans to be alerts. the pervious quote supports this by stating that the human driver must be alert incause a problem occurs. i can also infer by humans being alert tha less human promatic things will happen such as accidents and traffic.in the article it also states, allowing far better reponse and control than a human driver could manage alone. this quote supports that the car elminates human error by managing far more superior than a human. the drivless car can shape the world by sloving the problems we have today. in conclusion the self driving car is in the near future. the optomestic benefits of the self driving car are that there is less room for human e rror and the drivless car is more safe. by eliminating human error and reducing gases comsuption the world will be better.