venus is one of the brightest light as a planet, but dangerous. venus is dangerous to explore for humans. the machines they use for venus is kept being destroyed by how strong the heat is. nasa is working on other things so they can make machines last longer in venus. the author did a good job to convince me that it was a worthy pursuit despite from the dangers it is from venus. venus is hard to explore for humans. the heat is strong at venus, it can kill a astronaut in minutes. it will be dangerous if humans explore venus close. it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. if a human gets on venus or close to it, it is basically suicidal. the machines they use for venus last for hours when it lands. each mission they use the machines for venus, it never survived. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. the machines are too weak for the heat on venus so it breaks faster. i think they should wait later until our machines are more stronger and better so we can know more about venus. right now nasa is studying things to approach at venus. nasa is making the machines more resistant from things in venus. by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. this is a good thing for our future so we can get more prepared of whats going to happen later on. if they successfully make a machine that can last longer on venus, we can put powerful machines on other planets too. venus is one of the brightest light at the solar system, but it is dangerous. venus is dangerous for humans to explore at or getting close to it. the machines they use for venus are weak and gets destroyed by how strong the heat is. nasa is working on other things so that the machine can be stronger from the heat and presurre on venus. so after reading this essay, the author did convinced me that it was worthy pursuit despite the dangers from venus.