the author supports this idea that studying venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers because venus is the second planet from our sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant away but still safe . earth, venus, and mars are the planetary neighbor, that will go aroud the other planets. venus is very close to the sun . venus is just like a evening star that they call it in different places. each previous mission was unmanned, and for more than a few hours. they always tried to watch venus the planet to see if there was anything new or they need to know something about it . venus is kinda hot just like the sun becuase they are both close together. even the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the conditions can get far more extreme then humans which can get very bad. the national aeronautics and space administration has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. venus will be able to allow scienctists to see more thing and allow them to float above the fray. peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can only provide a little amount of stuff that will go on. venus is can be very dangous because it is so hot and u will not be able to vist it because it is so hot u will die from it . the sun and venus are the hottest out there . the comparison system that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat , and other forces. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size . occasionally the closest in distance too . numerous factors contributw to venuss repuatation as a challenging planet for humans to study , desprite its proximity to us . the thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. venus has a lot to get things from just like if you look up venus you probably can get alot from it . for scientists to get alot of things from venus they problaby have to get like a machian to see venus since its hot .they have to make sure the mechians are good to go on there so they make sure nothing happens to the mechiane . venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system even through mercury is closer to our sun. that is what you learn about venus and how it is .