why you should join the seagoing cowboys there is an exciting program called the seagoing cowboys. the seagoing cowboys are a group of people who travel the world to help other countries. if you like working and exploring the world join the seagoing cowboys! you also get the experience of helping people, also meeting new friends. my first reason for joining the seagoing cowboys is that you get to see the world. in between trips you can always stop to go sightseeing with friends. you can even get a job doing cattleboat trips where you take trips to other countries that are overseas. while youre sailing overseas you can stop to see a famous landmark as long as its close by. such as luke, it states in the story where he went to go sightseeing in between trips. so was taking a gondola ride in venice, italy, a city with streets of water. also where it states luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. my second reason is that you get the experience of helping people and their country. it tells you in the story, it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. being a seagoing cowboy can help your personality too, it can make you kinder, and help you show humility. it also says in the story  and that awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. my final reason is the experience of making new friends, and having fun with them. you can make new friends in different countries, also people that you work with. some people that you become friends with can become your best friend for life. it states in the story what fun things you can do with them too,  luke also found time to have fun on board , especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded.  the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped past time. in conclusion, there are many reasons you should join the seagoing cowboys. you can join for the experience of helping people, the experience of seeing the world, or you can join to make new friends and having fun with them. being a seagoing cowboy can also help strengthen youre personality, and help you be aware of people and their needs and wants.