professors thomas huang and nicu sebe collaborated to develop a unique method of determining human emotions using computer algorithms. after a process of d modelling and calculations of muscle movements, emotion of a face can be determined with the help of da vincis depiction of the human anatomy used in the facs facial action coding system algorithms. however, the main picture at hand is whether or not this highly sophisticated program is necessary at all in the real world, especially in a school classroom. the enabling of computers to be able to identify human emotion can in fact be used in classrooms and can be of great benefit to the student and other people in the area. firstly, according to dr. huang, when a classroom computer recognizes by their facial expression that a student may not be very interested in the lesson or seems utterly confused, the computer can modify its lesson and perhaps recommend the student other lessons that may be more beneficial. this in turn can give the student the luxury of exiting their state of confusion and begin to understand lessons and topics that was not well introduced by the teacher. additionally, this could impact the students grade and boost it greatly, all with the help of some complex algorithms. in addition to the aforementioned about lesson modification, computers can also detect your emotion and influence different types of ads that can pop up on the screen. for example, if the computer recognizes a student has a happy face for a particular ad, a more similar ad can pop up to keep your emotion. however, if the computer recognizes that the students emotion is sad, the next ad will be different potentially more optomistic in order to influence a different emotion to the student. thirdly, just making facial expressions to the computer, whether it be real or fake, can have multiple influences to other people in the area. constantin stanislavsky, a drama coach, had his actors smile and frown in a certain way to create emotion on the stage and for the audience. in relation to the facs, when a student is for instance testing their emotions on the computer screen, a person may look up and notice his classmate frowning at the screen and in turn have a similar effect on them. just by making simple facial expressions can effect another person and influence their emotional status too. in conclusion, the input of emotionrecognizing computers throughout a school can have a multitude of effects on a student and the people around himher. these include having a very own builtin instructor in the computer which can guide the student through course lessons not effectively explained by their teacher, advertisements shown on the web that can change itself based on recognition of certain facial expressions, and allinall influence the emotional status of people around the student. the input of the facs program can have a positive impact on personal relations with other people and can even help give a grade booster!