driverless cars dont even sound safe. then dont ever sound useful if im being honest. yeah its something that we can make happen now a days but we can make flying cars a thing to. driverless cars can cause many accidents if you really think about it the driver will take advantage of the car. he or she driving the car will think its okay to not pay attention because the car will let it know when something is about to happen what if its too late and an accident happens. what if the driver is intoxicaded and doesnt pay attention to what the car is saying. what if the car starts to mess up and the driver looses control of the car. there is so many things that can go wrong with this espicially now there are so many things going on with texting and driving and drinking and driving. imagine the accidents that can happen. what if the driver wakes up super early one day and are driving to work. they have the driverless car driving and they fall asleep because there not moving or doing anything simply because the car is driving itself you know how bad that accident can be? if you have a regular car that you control you will have to stay awake because you are the on moving it and controlling it but if you have the driverless car you arent really doing anything but trying to stay careful and paying attetention which can cause you to fall asleep. i dont see this has being safe what so ever so many things can go wrong so many people can get hurt. what if the driverless car messes up and they blame the driver and not the manufacturer many people would get angry. if they really want this to happen there should be so many rules in the car. some can be that every passanger has to have a seatbelt or the car wont move, the driver must have both hands on wheel the entire time the car is in motion. not a single car can be to full. loud alert signals when something is going to happen to aware the driver. a voice check to see who is driving etc.. it does sound appealing knowing you are going to get in a car and not have to drive it but me being safe and the others on the car are way more important then me being happy. i would rather be happy and safe and drive my own car then to depend on a car computer that can break down anyday. driverless cars are just not something that sounds safe what so ever. if you have someone driving for you then whats the point of learning how to drive learning how to park taking your time studying and preparing for the test all of that will be useless if you have a car that drives on its own most of the time. you know how many teenagers are going to try to take there parents driverless car just because it drives on its own and they know they wont get pulled over because the car is driving perfect. many people are going to think its okay to be on drugs and intoxicaded because they wont have to worry about there driving. this is just not well what so ever. there so many things wrong with this idea it can cause many problems. many people are going to take advantage of the car. theres some people that are responsible but theres also many people that arent.