most people have seen the mysterious face on planet mars. there are many possibilities of how that landform got there. many people in the world believe it came from aliens or some other species. you can think that, but really there is no possible way an alien could have made that. im going to explain to you, why that cant be possible. on the planet mars, landforms like these form all of the time. people make big deals out of stuff like this, because they are curious just like you. that is why there are movies, books, and magazines about the face. if that was an alien marking, we would have found more evidence about it. finding the face is very difficult, because of all of the wispy clouds. if there really were aliens, wouldnt they be making more markings? unfortunatley they havent, so there is no acutal proof that an alien made this landform. when we did our research, the landform is actually a butte or mesa. those landforms are common around the american west. people overthink these situations, and automatically assume that an alien created this. anything is possible, but when we were searching for the face, it was a cloudy day on mars. that could have caused the clouds, to make the face appear. the face could have also been the molten rock from lava, and caused it to form. there are many possible ways, but not the way of aliens. no one has acutal proof of aliens. there has never been one that we have caught. no one has any information on them, or what the alien looks like or how thier personality is. we have no records on any type of alien, and no one else does either. just like there is no proof an alien made that face on mars. you cant assume some other life form made a face on another planet. people make quick opinions, and people all over the world will believe it when they have no information about it. mars is a very interesting planet, and suprises us very much. since the first picture was taken in , and then the last one was in , why havent we seen any aliens? that is why there was no acutal alien who created the face. if you worked at nasa, you would believe us too. i hope we have given you as much information you needed. now you know there is no aliens up on mars who created this. we hope you have reasoned your theory about the face on mars.