sick of driving for long hours when attending places? hate getting tickets for speeding or missing roads signs? for heaven sakes sometimes when driving legs, fingers, or other body parts can cramp up! say goodbye to cars that require to have a human driver at all times, and say aloha to driverless cars! driverless cars have pros like gps navigation and they provide more safety for the people, but cons such as weather conditions or technical errors. for the old folks, looking back into history television and cell phones were major and exciting changes. so now the young generation wonders what the next big thing will be. driverless cars will perhaps be the next big thing? to me this is a fabulous and efficient idea! personally, i dont know how many times someone has asked me for directions. my headache finally has come to an end! with driverless cars there is a built in gps reciever using google if i recall back to the article driverless cars are coming. nobody will ever need help on how to get somewhere. just tell them the place and time and the cars will get you there possibly without a humans help the whole car ride. safety first! is what they say now days. watch for road signs and dont run the stop sign is commonly heard. sometimes, when you go out late at night to a party, you have to watch for drunk drivers and be aware. driverless cars have everyone covered. if everyone had a driverless car, the cars have the roads signs programmed in them. the drunk drivers wouldnt be the ones driving because the computer will. many people often get tickets because they disobey roads signs and break the speed limit. how can you get in trouble for something you didnt do. why dont we just add on the fact this will help you save money too! man, just like mcdonalds im lovin it! some people will obviously be against the idea of driverless cars. the haters cant dull the shine of such a magnificent idea. i cant dull the fact that their conterarguments are something to consider. the weather is a great example. in some environments snow and rain can cause wrecks if the car is not somehow modified that the roads are bad. i suggest four wheel drive on all driverless cars. another con is the fact that we are relying on technology. what if technology fails or the computer system goes wrong. can we live with such uncertainty? spare ourselfs the time to review and fix today to die tomorrow in a possible wreck due to this fear. by  hopefully as they said, these cons will be reviewed and more reliable by then! aloha to driverless cars! the cars sound like a spectacular idea! im very excited to see what these cars will do for society. they have advantages and disadvantages. in my opinion, with any product this will always be true. driverless cars have pros like gps navigation and they provide more safety for the people, but cons such as weather conditions or technical errors.