what is the face on mars? the face of mars is called a mesa which is a type of landform. many people believe that this landform wasnt a creation of mars or mother nature, but others may beileve other wise. this creation has many facts to back up its existence such as a spacecraft watching it at all time, no life has been found, and how could they have created it. so in all alians couldnt have build such a formation only mars her self could have. spacecrafts have help us with so many thing when it come to the topic of outerspace. these technological pieces of art help us find spots to land, help use to see whats the aera is like and so on. but one thing the space craft has proven is that aliens doent exist on mars. the viking  was taking photos at all times of the surface of mars, so how could have thes so called aliens make it. this question is simple because they couldnt. and based on the information there is no one on mars so how could it have been. mars is a planet not suitable to sustain life on his. mars does not have suitable breathing air so the likely hood of life beeing there is slim. most people think aliens have created this hugh structer, but even if there was life on mars how could they have created this structer. building a structure of this size would take a long period of time that the spacecraft would have eventualy picked up. and by not haveing the right equepment the aliens couldnt have done it. building a big structure like this would take time, but would also take a lot of heavy lifting. this landformation is to big to becreated by hand or by hands. the only real logical way that this structure could have been created is by technology, and the only technology even close to mars is the spacecraft the viking . so it would be impossible for any thing to build soemthing of that size in that amout of time with little resources. there is a possibility that there could have been something else that created this structure. but we cant look over the fact that there was been no finding of life on mars. this structures is called a mesa and earth as countless of them so to see one on mars couldnt be that much of a shocker. and the face appears because of indents in the rock that are slowly going away. so in all its very unlikely that aliens created this landform. aliens couldnt have build such a creation only mars her self could have. this is proven on the information about the spacecraft, how theres no life on mars, and the creation of it all disprove the fact that aliens could have build this landform. so now hopefully you know who didnt create these wonderus landform of mars.