to maintain driving and caring for a car takes a lot of money and a lot of time. according to source , heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, says, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. having a means of your own personal transportation does not mean happiness. yes many teenagers will say that having a car and being able to drive is their freedom but driving is not a necessity and the positives that come from limiting car usage are much greater than having the need for a car. one negative of driving is greenhouse gases. to simply reduce the amount of greenhosue gases that someones car tailpipes produce, reduce the amount of driving in that area. elisabeth rosenthal, in source , states that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe so if a city were to offer alternative transportation, like public buses or bicycles, that percentage would drastically reduce. there are certain conditions in which many people purposefully do not go out and drive because it is so dangerous. according to robert duffer, in paris, congestion was down  percent..., after fivedays of intensifying smog. if smog can keep people off of the roads and decreases the amount of congestion in that city, imagine what people choosing not to drive could do. that could most likely decrease that amount of congestion even more. with less people on the road, the roadways would become clearer or less crowded. to ensure that less people would be driving, an alternative transportation system would have to be given. driving costs lots of money so what do people love more than money? to get things for free. everyone likes money but no one enjoys spending any. robert duffer states, public transit was free of charge form friday to monday. even though the transportation was free for only four days, four days of not driving your personal car would still greatly decrease the amount of air pollution and money spent out of your pocket. another major problem with everyone using their own cars would be the amount of traffic. with fewer cars there would ultimately be fewer traffic. according to andrew selsky, in bogota, colombia ...millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a carfree day, leaving the streets of the capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. less traffic jams means that people would reach their destinations quicker. if there were no traffic jams then people would not only reach their destinations quicker but they would reach them extremely quicker. andrew selsky later states that hiking, biking, skating, or taking a bus are also all good opportunities to take away stress and lower air pollution. with less people using cars and roadways to commute, andrew selsky writes in source  that parks and sports centers also haved bloomed throught a city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restaurants and upscale shopping dristics have cropped up. as this explains, less cars being used means less money being used and less roadways so there is an abundance of money and space to build new recreational buildings for shopping, eating, playing, and just having fun. according to elisabeth rosenthal in source , bill ford, executive chairman of the ford motor company, proposed partnering to create cities in which pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resourced, lower emissions and improve safety. this statement from bill ford pretty much explains the whole idea of limiting car usage to be one of the best things for this world righ now. so many people commute by car and if just maybe once or twice a week absolutely nobody were to use a car, we would be able to reduce greenhouse gases, conserve our natural resource, save time by no traffic jams, and so many more.