they come in red, blue, green, black, and white. they beep and honk while they ride on highways and transport people form place to place. cars are everywear. what would the world be like if we didnt have cars? what are the benefits of life without cars? life with out cars benefits the environment, and peoples health. first of all, the elimination of cars helps the environment. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states . in other words, cars are higly responsible for the harmful gases that pollute our atmosphere and cause global warming. in paris, a partial driving ban was issued to clear the air after days of high air pollution rates. after the driving ban, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france after fivedays of intensifying smog . by using cars less, citizens can reduce pollution and help keep our earth clean and safe. statisticts show that fewer people are using cars around the world. a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and  . sociologists belive that this trend will continue and possibly increase. they belive it will have benficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions . another benefit to limiting car usage is that it will benefit the health of citizens both mentally and physically. in the german suburb of vauban, citizens have given up their cars. a resident there says when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way . limiting car use also limits the frequency of trafic jams, accidents, and unfriendly drivers in a hurry along with the stress and frustration that accompany them. in colombias capital, bogata, the day without cars has had many participants. one of whom said its a good opportunity to take away stress referring to the event.  limiting stress can have major benefits to a persons health and mental wellbeing. limiting the use of cars doesnt just positivly effect mental health, it can positivly influence physical health. in bogata, colombia, the carfree day inspired residents to hike, bike, skate, or take buses to work  . excersize releases endorphins which are chemicals in the brain related to pleasure. many people that excersize regularly are happier then when they dont. by limiting car usage,citizens are more inspired to excersize making them happier and healthier. in sumation, a life without cars means a healthy, longlasting planet along with a happy, relaxed, and healthy population. even though cars are conveint, they have many negative side effects. next time you want to go for a ride, think of all the benefits of limiting them. rember what a breath of fresh air feels like because the gasses from cars might mean they will be gone soon. get used to angry faces honking horns, and being given the bird by angry drivers because with cars come many conveiniences, but also many frustations.