pursuing the study of venus would benefit everyone in the society. gathering information about venus would give scientist more understanding about how the planet started. also this could prove scientist if venus was actually a earth like planet and if so why did it turned out to what it is now. first, we know so far that venus has a very thick atmosphere of almost all of it is carbon dioxide. the national aeronautics and space administration have tried to send a spacecraft to venus before but on spacecrafts survive the landing. this targets some factor including how thick venus atmosphere is with highly currosive sulfuric acid and also its temeprature contributes to those factors. nasas possible solution to this is creating a blimplike vehicle that hovers  or so miles above venusian landscape. on the other hand, this vehicle can only stay plus miles above surface meaning it cannot take any samples like rocks, sand or other staff. also taking photograph of venus surface would not work because light would not penetrate at of venus dense atmosphere. furthermore, nasa have been working on other approaches to study venus. nasa have created a simplified electronic made of silicon carbide and have been tested is a chamber which stimulate the chaos of venus. suprisingly, the silicon carbide lasted for three week in such condition. this silicon carbide can be indeed the only craft that would be able to collects particle from venus surface like rock for example. lastly, nasa have been working on is the mechanical computer. this mechanical computer have played an important role during a world war ii. the unique thing about this computer is that is does not need any electronic to make any calculation. most computer in own modern day are indeed more powerful, quick and flexible but are delicate when it comes to extreme conditions. in conclusion, insisting of trying new and diffrent craft to go to venus would definitely lead us and nasa to success of collecting evidences of fossils like rocks. trying and failing to land on venus surface should not stop us because this only lead us to more information that can expand our knowledge of the planet. also this lead to even more better innovation that nasa can use and probably also us humans.