the facial action coding system can help computers identify the emotions of people. for instance, poeple can somewhat calculate emotions just like any math equation. secondly, the facs is also helpful becasue it can tell if we are forcing a smile or not. finally, this also can tell if people like an ad by just smiling and also tell if we dislike an ad if people frown. in leonardo da vincis renaissance painting of the mona lisa, computers have already found out that she was putting a forced smile . in the painting of mona lisa, reserchers have calculated the emotions of the drawing. mona lisa was only  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angery. according to the facs software. then we can calculate the emotions of people by just looking at the gesters one person makes. ... all  major muscles in the modle must move like human muscles. lastly, computers might be able to know when you are happy or sad. for instance, ... if you smile when a web ad appearson your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be diffent. these are examples of how the facs can be valuable in the classrooms. readers may say that facs can not work in a normal computer. according to this research, it states that, your home pc can not handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. also, not only can computers decode the smie people make, humans around the world can also see if we forca a smile or not. whoever thought that making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions. but, not all computer software can idnetify emotins. just like in this evedence, each expression is compared against a neutral face. in theory, we can tell that the facs software does indeed work to tell the emotions of the drawing of leonardo da vinci. by having the software calculate emotions just like math problems. also by evaluating if we are forcing a smile or not just by our gesters of our facial expretions. the facs software can be useful for people who would like to use this to figure out if other people are forcing a smile or not. then, to confirm if so that person did or did not force a smile.