throughout this article, the author explains how people in the world will no longer need to buy cars due to a driverless cars that scientists are working on. the author explains how these cars would have many sensors and would only need human assistance if it has to drive through construction zones or heavy traffic zones. the question to be asked is, would people really want have a driverless car? driverless cars should not be sold to people due to them needing human driving, whos fault it is if a driverless car gets into an accident, and extra cost. in the article the author states,  in fact, none of the cars develope d so far are completely driverless. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this quote shows that driverless cars would still need a human to stay alert while on the road. this shows that driverless cars are pointless, and a waste of money. why would a human buy a driverless car when most of the time they will be driving it? as the article goes on, the author explains how there could be many problems if a driverless car is involved in an accident. the author explains,  still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in case of an acciendt. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver of the manufacturer? this quote explains that there is no certainty that the manufacturer would be at fault for a driverless car accident. why would a person want to pay for an accident that was the cars fault and not theirs? thus showing that driverless cars should not be sold to people. the last reason that driverless cars should not hit the streets would include the cost. the author begins by stating that their would have to be many upgrades to streets and cars costing much money. he explains how a driverless car could run on a special street, but required massive upgrades to existing roads that was too expensive to be practical. why would people want to pay much money to upgrade a road for driverless cars, when half the time they will be driving? as this essay is getting wrapped up, readers should think about all the facts brought up to them today. think about all the construction that happens in america. is there ever a time when there is no construction? due to their being constuction, driverless cars would be pointless due to human beings having to drive them through constuction. why spend extra money, be in fault for accidents even though it was the technologies fault, and pay extra amounts of money? this is why the readers as well as i should push for driverless cars to not be able to hit the road!