visiting a different planet would be nice. exploring different places would be nice. i think there should be another planet or another place to visit and get out of this boring place we are at right now. i think that we should explore new places and not just stay where we are at now. that is boring just staying in once place without traveling. so i think that scientists should figure out something about venus, that way we can all travel to a different place. doing research on another planet would be great. i think we would all figure out something to do and not just do nothing. venus could be a great one to study and acknowledge. you can figure out so many things in venus. it would not be much of a difference from earth because the earth, venus, and mars are like neighbors. the only difference is that the speeds are different and that means that we are sometimes closer to mars and other times venus. so if scientists or people from the nasa go visit venus and try to see how it is and how it works, we would be able to find a solution to visit that planet. the reason why nobody has landed on venus in more than  decades is because they can not last more than a few hours. that is why no one can go land on their planet. humans can not go on it which makes that difficult for the planet to be researched and touched. there is a thick atmosphere of almost  carbon dioxide that covers venus up. also something more challenging is that venus clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere. something else is that their temperatures average is over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we expierence on our own planet. so therefore, venus is the hottest planet even though mercury is closer to the sun. venus also has erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning. all that makes it hard for spaceships to land. a good reason why scientists want to research venus is because once it was like earth planet. venus once was covered by oceans and could have support living life just like we have today in earth. today, it still has a few living lifes that we know on our own planet. venus has a rocky surface and also includes features like valleys, mountians, and craters. scientists might make a trip safe going back and forth from venus, but as in right now they are making better inventions to go travel around and make it safe. they might take a chance and get their safe. in conclusion, i think scientists should make very better inventions to get other to venus so they can do more research. i would like them to announce how they can make venus into another planet like ours they we live in right now. i think it would be good to make this a research and then make more good assumptions on how we can make venus work.