in the article  the challenge of exploring venus  the author suggestes that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. studying venus is worthy even with the dangers it could have its worth it because of its weather , how it probably was just like earth decades ago , and it would a challenge for us to explore. first , studying venus is worthy because of its weather. it be having the same type of weather as earth. in paragrah  the author was explaining how venus has a thick atmosphere and that the conditions are far more extreme than anything us humans have experienced on earth so far. they was also saying  beyond high pressure and heat , venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes , poweful earthquakes , and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface . the weather on venus such as earthquakes and erupting volcanoes happen on earth to only that venus has higher temperatures which makes us want to explore even more even with the dangers it has to it. secondly , another reason why venus is worthy to study is because it has the same features as earth. on paragraph  they referred earth as venus  twin  because its the  closest planet to earths in terms of density and size . they also said in paragraph  that  long ago , venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life , just like earth. today , venus still has some features that are analogous to hose on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys , moutains , and craters . venus be having the same type of features that earth be having which makes it more worthy to study since it couldve been just like earth a long time ago. lastly , venus is also worthy to explore because its also a challenge for us to explore. the author started explaining how researches cant take samples of anything because of the distance from earth to venus. which then explains why its a challenge for us. in paragraph  they said  venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. or maybe we should think of them as challenges. many reseachers are working on innovationd that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfullyto our knowledge of venus .exploring venus is a challenge for us but makes it more worthy on why we should study the planet even with the dangers it presents.  the challenge of exploring venus  shows us that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. its worthy to explore because of its familiar weather , how it probably was just like earth decades ago , and it would be a challenge for us to explore. why not? it has the same features as earth. wouldnt you want to go visit another planet? or even move there?