i would contend that we should not waste our time and money on impractical software like the facial action coding system. an aplication that is used purely for the purpose of reading emotions is usless, due to the fact that we humans can already read each others emotions quite effectively. it is also not valueble because the system reads facial cues and might make a false judgement on a persons actual emotions. finally, its unrealistic because it would cost insane amounts of money to upgrade everyones computer to the quality required to run a system as complex as the facial action coding system. first and foremost, humans can read other humans emotions without the help of a computer. since the dawning of time, people have looked at another persons face and been able to tell what they are feeling why, suddenly, do we need a computer to decipher emotions for us? in paragraph five in the text, the author says, in fact, we humans perform this same impressive calculation every day. for instance, you can probobly tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face., this quote clearly implies that humans can read each others emotions very well. after all, why would it be called human emotion if humans couldnt understand it. secondly, the computer could make a false judgement. not all emotions are outward, some we keep on the inside and never show anyone. some emotions, like anger, can be expressed through a smile or by crying. finally, the facial action coding system is usless because its unrealistic. as seen is paragraph seven when the author says, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile., the system is very complex. its clear that it would cost outrageous ammounts of money to upgrade everyones software to the level required to run a sophisticated system like facs. i would assert to you that facs is a waste of time and money because its faulty, its unneeded, and it comes with an unrealistic price tag. a system that can only read emotions based on facial cues would just plainly not work. i see why dr. haung was trying to develop such a complex system, but in the end, his work failed.