as our world continues to develop into a more technology dependable world we are always looking for a way for make life easier and simply. during our time on planet earth we have created amazing inventions such as the phone, car, plane, and other marvelous projects that better our world. now in our current generation we are looking for ways to improve what past generations inventions and make life easier for future generations. one way people are looking to improve past generations inventions is through creating driverless cars. even though driverless cars seem like a great idea they will bring a negative impact towards the world through increasing the number of deaths and injuries, and creating conflict between manufactures and drivers. when a human is driving a car they know their surroundings and theyre able to make a quick decision in small ammount of time. if driverless cars were to be released into our society they would be covered with sensors and cameras all over the car. when you get into a driverless car you are putting your life in the hands of a piece of technology that is capable of malfunctioning and killing you. already in  states and washington d.c. it is illegal to test computerdriven cars. those states are taking precautionary measures to make sure that people safe and avoid unecessary death. these driverless cars could increase the number of deaths and injuries significantly causing an uproar in the society where huge riots and protests could outbreak. even though buses, taxis, and other forms of public transportation are hurting the earth significantly,people are safe. if driverless cars were to become popular amongst our society all the car companies would try and develop the best and safest driverless car possible. however, those car companies already get our money when we buy regular cars that sometimes have malfunctions that lead to death. these deaths could spark a huge disagreement on whether to blame the driver or manufacturer. in my opinion i would blame the manufacturer because they are the ones that made a driverless car key word driverless meaning there no driver required. in order for driverless cars to be safe they have to win the trust of the people and if driveless cars cause a ton of deaths and injuries people will have no faith in driverless cars. overall our world has developed into a world that needs technology in order to function. previous generations were able to create inventions that we still use today such as phones, and cars, but driverless cars are not the next step in our technology based world because they will cause way more negatives than positives.