the viking  photo taken in  is a photo from mars of what seems to be a facelooking structure. many believe that this is some sort of alien life form left behind, but some believe the reality, in which this is just some type of land structure or a landform. this land structure has shadows and divets on it that resemble the facial details of a human face. nasa has been searching for alien lifeforms or any life on another planet for years and some believe that they have finally accomplished this. a lot of people think that this is some sort of fossil or ingravement of a onceliving alien or a species of unknown classification. as this very well could be the case, with the fact that it is sort of engraved into the ground of the planet, the most likely explanation of this abnormality is thisthis is a coincidental pattern on this rocklike form. there is no more to it. coinicidental. as stated in paragraph , this form has spraked a lot of attention throughout the years. many people believe many different theories some reasonable, and some not. conspiracy theorists state that they believe nasa is hiding more evidence about this, but that cannot be true, because if this was a lifeform, nasa would be rolling in fame, not hiding it from the world. this is mars we are talking about. we have tried for years and years to get human life onto this planet, and to attempt at finding life as well. the conditions of mars are unbearable, so there is no possible way a creature could survive. were not et. as stated in pararaph , garvin says, it reminds me most of middle butte n the snake river of idaho. this is most definently a landform. mars is considered the red planet. mars is covered in dirt, grime, and dust. this could have easily formed with winds hitting the dirts. as you can see in the progression of the pictures, these are obviously shadows from the sun, or dirt formations. if this was a lifeform, these divets in the body would not be fading away, they would stay fossilized and stay put. in , it does not even look like a face, nonetheless in , either. next, as you can tell in the lower image featured in the paragraph, you can see another structure just a couple of feet to the left of the face, and nobody seems to care about that. it does kind of look like an animal, so are we just going to question every single little pebble that we find on a planet? didnt think so. in conclusion, this  photo taken on mars by the viking  spacecraft is most definently a landform of some kind. there is no possible way that a creature could sustain life on a planet like this. this discovery is obviously just a hoax or a coincidental find. if scientists had found this structure a couple of years later, it would not have looked like this face, so they would have never even questioned it.