driverless cars. what are they? they are the future altohugh no one knows that  i believe that they are becasue as my generation and as the next generation grows sure we are all verry smart but we dont use our potential anymore at all. for example this is one of the esiest test and yet some people still fail it. how i do not know the answer to that. anyways my point is that we are lazy really lazy and we want people ais to do our jobs and objectives for us so we dont have to put in any work. has it always been this way? sometimes i ask myself this question and no it hasent. i have whitnessed many things in my lifetime and i have done a lot in my lifetime. personaly the google car is great i have seen them and many poeple i know have tested them, but what have we learned about evolution its good and bad well just think of the whole jurasic park story the pople want more they get more and then they somehow mess it up. there are many people who belive it is good and then there are the ones who think it is bad i personaly think it is a step in the wrong way, becasue it makes us worse as a human race. sure not everyone would be able to afford one but eventualy they will and we will al be like the movie walle have you seen that movie its messed up a bunch of overweight people in a space ship probably becasue they had self driving cars lets be real. all jokes aside we could and it is verry likely to end up like that. not just from self driving cars but also from thinks that will come after that maybe next we will have self flying planes and that would put me ou tof my job of being a pilot. just think of how many kids dreams are being crushed that want to be drivers for people they cant do that anymore because all the cars will be driving themselvse. yea think about all the little kids dreams you are crushing. also what would happen to insurance on cars if you mess up now is it your fault or the cars fault and then in turn the manufactures fault. this was what paragraph nine was about. this would crush our economy, sure people would be buying the car great for the company not great for jobs. maybe you could tell those insurance companies and drivers hey since we took your job and messed up your whole life lets put you in a factory where you can build more cars like the ones that ohh wait rememer those the ones that took your job yea happy ending right? people would get payed a lot less and if google was the only one who released it then that is called a monopaly yes you thinking like the game yea you know where you try to buy out basicaly the whole economy just for one thing and you better hope you dont land on the go to jail spot becasue if you do your sol well im sure you know what that means. i hope i made someone laugh not its not the best essay but you have gottent this far and i hope you laughed at least a little. ohh but wait theres more for only . you could own your verry own self driving car and wait for it and free airfreshener well thats dandy lets buy one i got to get that google airfreshener it probably smells amazing. no it doesnt you know why because it doesnt exist. probably does honestly. so there are two ways you can go about this the world can get stupider and stupider with this evolution and the people in the world its like a circus not good at all but then ai would control the world ohh thats fine lets just you know give our nukes to computer and hope that it doesnt get mad at us and blow us up. see then the ai would hold the most power in the world the president would be like one atom in sometihng that has ,, atoms thats like a fly on a winsheild its powerless. you know you shouldnt kill flys on winsheilds you know why? hmm ill tell you later you just have to keep reading. this is probably a pain for you to read. but this is very well what could happen in not my lifetime nor yours becasue your obviosuly older than me whoever is grading this paper. im guessing about a few generations that self driving cars will be the norm maybe my lifetime probably not thought hmm i dont know. ohh yes that was just my introduction are you read for the next two paragraphs that you have to read. well first guess what this one is also wabout self driving cars but it is about there saftey with more jokes. why does the car cross the road??? ... to get to the other side i know pretty good i came up with that one myself. ohh wait they die thats what happends when you kill flys on the winsheild the fly dies after it cries and tries to synthisize. you know as a human you can control that, but as a car that is opperated by an ai it wouldnt know if you kiled the fly or not it could just turn on the wippers and gone that fly is. also the person is at risk if the car messes up and your not paying attention then waht happens you could get hurt really badly and whoes fault is it then how do you prove in court that the car crashed not you or what if the car wanted to crash becasue it didnt like you and you treated it poorly. also whay happens if you are speeding and then the cop pulls you over and says sir do you know how fast you were going and you so no my car was driving itself sorry sir. then is it your fault or the cars. in the end it all boils down to a few things you know after it evaporates. you have you and your car and its your choice in the end.