there is talk on how there will one day be driverless cars. companies such as bmw, mercedesbenz, audi and nissan have taken interest in these type of cars. tesla has also created a  release car that autopilot can be used for ninety percent of the time. there are many supporters of driverless cars, but there are also people who completely disagree with the idea. at least three states have made it illegal to test out computerdriven cars. i do not agree with the idea of driverless cars because there are more cons than pros. there actually are positive outcomes when talking about driverless cars. the car would just take over and you would not have to do much work at all. driverless cars have been claimed that the touch sensors that control steering, acceleration, and brakes would have more control over the car then a human. a project manager driver from bmw has stated that they are trying to make driving and car rides more enjoyable. he plans on creating incar entertainment and placing in systems that would keep the driver and passengers more aware of their surroundings. although there are a few positives outcomes with driverless cars, there are more cons than pros. the cars are said to be driverless, but they still require the driver to be fully aware of what the car is doing. when the car would approach work zones, traffic jams, or working around accidents. this requires more functions that the car needs to have to be able to get the attention of the driver. also, to have the car excel to become completely driverless is too expensive. the companies looking into driverless cars have come to realize that they can create a car that runs on a special test track that has sensors to communicate between the road and the car. they then realized that it was impractical to think that all of their problems would be solved by sensors. another con would be that the car would be running off of technology, which is not always one hundred percent reliable. at any given moment the car could have a malfunction and could create a dangerous situation. the car could cause a crash, which would lead to another con. if something happens to a driver and any passengers while in the car, who will be blamed? there could start to be some disputes with the auto companies about why their cars are malfunctioning or why their vehicles are losing control. this then makes the situation dangerous and it will cause more harm then it is helping. with all of the pros and cons in mind, i remain against driverless cars. i feel as if there are more cons then pros, so it is doing more harm then it is helping. the idea is fun and some people will still support it for different reasons, such as being lazy or wanting to try something new. in my opinion, the car is far too risky and could possibly put people in a tremendous amount of danger. safety is the main priority and i do not feel as if this meets the requirements of safe.