in countries such as america, germany and europe air pollution is high and one of the main reasons of that is fuel coming from a truck or car. cities such as vauban, paris and bogato realize that their atmosphere is full of pollyion and have decided to make a changer of that. although people may not give up their car for a long periiod of time, even just a day makes a huge impact on their atmosphere. in hte citie of vauban, germany you will not hear the loud sound of a car engine very often. this citie is very unique and residents of this upscale community are what we call pioneers. street parking, driveways, and garages are forbidden in the community of frieburg. the streets of vauban are car free except for the main thoroughfair where you can catch the tram to downtown freiburg and a couple streets on the edge of the community. if you are to own a car their are two places to park, large car garages at the edgeat the edge of a development which wil cost you , to own a spot.  of vaubans families do not own a cars, and  sold a car to move here. in paris, france they nearly faced a record pollution due to excess driving on several days. to put a stop to it the city enforced a rule that on mondays evennumbered cars were permitted to not use their vehicle and on tuesdays oddnumbered cars were too not use their vehicle. if the people did not listen and use their cars on that day they were given a fine of euro . congestion was down  in the capital of france, after five days of the idea of nonvehicle use. another city that believed in nonvehicle use is bogato, colombia. on this certain day, colombians used their bike, skatebaored, walked or took busses to get to work. this left the streets of the capital city clear of all cars except for buuses or taxis. this has been the third straight year that cars have been banned in a citie with  million people. the goal of this trend is to promote alternative transportation and to reduce secrete pollution in the air. along with less air pollution parks and sportes centers also have bloomed throught the city eneven sidewalks have been replaced with more broad, thicker sidewalks rushhour resrtictions have dramatically cut traffic and new resturaunts and shoppings districs have cropped up. these particular cities have seen dramatic changes due to their no car use belief. one day a week of no vehicles can make a change on not just your city but on yourself also. if every city folowed along with these cities we would find ouselves in great shape when it comes to pollution in our atmosphere.