driverless cars are currently being developed continuously. automakers are continuing their work and testing problems ahead that will soon be solved in driverless cars. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . as technology advances, the standard of living for humans begin to change. full driverless cars should not be invented. none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. there is a certain point that automakers should stop working at driverless cars. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. the driver will not watch the road in a driverless car due to the attention span of a typical human. wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? the driver, indeed, will get bored waiting for their turn to drive which would lead to more distractions when its his or her turn to drive. the driver will not watch the road in a driverless car due to the attention span of a typical human. driverless cars being created will lead to more distractions to the human eye. let alone without driverless cars, humans constantly get distracted while driving. the invention of driverless cars would allow humans to be more active on their cell phones and such while driving. driverless cars will distract humans from their environment. if a driverless car causes an accident will he or she be aware of the situation before someone gets hurt or will the attention of the human be elsewhere? driverless cars may be a blessing for lazy humans, though, a car can not be perfected to where it is onehundred percent impossible to get into an accident. different laws would have to be created in order to allow driverless cars into roads. are driverless cars worth a big change within our transportation system of laws or could we drive how we normally drive ourselves with no change? there is nothing wrong with our transportation system in todays society. driverless cars are not safe. improvements are being made, although, changes within our transportation system are not necessary. a lot will have to change for driverless cars to be used on a daily basis such as laws. driverless cars will allow us to get distracted even easier than we do today! who do we blame after we actually get into an accident while operating a driverless car  the driver of the manufacturer?