people have been dreaming of driverless cars for a long time now. not having to do anything but sit there and relax, but is it always safe? just because there is enchanced technology that makes people lives easier, that doesnt always necessariy mean its safe. there are positives and negatives having driverless cars. driverless cars would be a great pleasure to have. just remember it does have its downsides. driverless cars would make majority of peoples dreams come true. not only will people not have to drive as much anymore but it also makes their lives a whole lot easier. a lot of people are probably wondering how they could possibly just sit there in their car doing nothing as this car takes them to their destination. in paragraph , google studies show, they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. the driver is still aware of everything that the car is doing. it alerts them to let them know what is going on and keeps the driver aware of their surroundings better than the driver do alone. if something does happen the driver always has the choice to take over or not. driverless cars use sensors to help the vehicle move and prevent accidents. with technological sensors, the car would have better view on the road rather than the driver itself. their sensors are so enhanced that it replicates the human skill of driver. some cars now actually use sensors to hep the driver. as stated in paragraph , googles modified tayota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and a inertial motion sensor. all these sensors to keep the car and passagers safe. the more sensors there are the more alert the car is from any danger. this helps the car see more than the human ability of seeing. the idea of driverless cars seems so well to not have a downside. there is always a catch when it comes to things like these. sensors and alerts on a car may seem helpful but what happens if something goes wrong and that person gets into an accident? technology isnt always perfect. there are glitches and with glitches things could go terribly wrong. in paragraph  it states that, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? there is a really good chance that this could happen. are people really going to risk this? there are pros and cons to having driverless cars. it could either make peoples lives easier or risk it. it all depends on the person whether they are going to get the car or not. even though driverless cars will help an individual, it could also go wrong.