technology has come a long way to create a facial action coding system. this system can make it easier for a lot of people to figure out what emotions people are feeling. putting this technology in schools would make it easier for teacher to understand how students are feeling about their lessons. the facial coding system would be a great idea to put on school computers to find out what the students are feeling. making technology like this is very advanced and clever. many students want to be nice to their teacher when they ask if they like the lessons. putting this technology while they are teaching the lessons would be a good idea for how the students actually feel. there would probably be some cons with this technology though. the students could be thinking of something else or being distracted while it is scanning their face. making the scan inaccurate because theyre not reacting to the teache they are reacting to something that happened earlier that day or soemthing else on their computer. although the technology would have a lot of pros. scanning their faces when they are paying attention could be very helpful. teacher could learn to make their lessons more interesting with this technology. knowing if the student are happy during a lessing could make the teacher do more of what she was doing. also using this technology could help teachers understand if their students arent feeling well during their class period. this could be helpful for teacher because pople never want accidents in the classroom. using this technology could helo teacher recognizze when students are nervouse or anxious to help them calm down and be more relaxed in the classroom. the facial action coding system is a great new tool for teacher to use in the classroom. teachers always need new ideas for teaching new information to a classroom. using this technology would make it a lot easier to understand the students. teachers often forget about the feelings of their students. this is a great reminder of the information that theyre giving their student is important for the students to understand and comprehend. reading students expressions would be a great idea for the classroom.