venus is a very questionable topic because the heat , no sunlight and the amount of radiation and phisical thickness of heat in venus. in my opinion venus is very very dangerous to live on because its so hot and the amount of energy is not so good for humans and there health. venus the following desribes how the autor feels about venus and how i feel about venus . venus is very dangerous and questionable place that in my opinion the amout of heat could be very harmful to our skin the author thinks that its a good idea to live on venus well i beg to differ because people on earth already get sunburnt just from a little bit of sun at the beach. or at a swimming pool .just think of how many hospital visits venus would have .hang on there isnt anything on venus but heat and radiation and dry air there isnt any hospitals .well thats another concern there as well as the heat and radiation that are bad for humans . the author suggests that humans should go to venus because there might have been life on venus because its earths twin. also he says if we could get more research about venus than we might have a strong possibility. also now days everone has a cell phone or some type of device thats electronic well it says in the pasage that just imagine exposing a cell such as a phone or a tablet to acid or heat on venus capable of melting tin. that there alone is a problem because kids teens adults act like they cant live without any celluar devices whenever a techer takes it from a student at school they argue throw temer tantrums yell scream etc. just imagine going to venus and hearing all the complaining fromthose teens and kids and infants crying because they cant have there leap frog game or there tablet full of cool games and stuff on it . all im trying to say is venus is not a good place because people get tired of summer and want to have winter or fall just something a lot cooler than the hottness all the time .there goes another complaint the phones and the heat wow i would get irratated after a while of complaining . in conclusion, venus is going to be fun and exiting to most people until they are there all the time and think about all the heat resisting clothes and shoes headbands etc. well haft to wear  speaking of  is the time still the same will it be difficult for people on earth to find out and live on venus with the time change . all im trying to say is that there are some people who are going to agree then when they get there and feel the hotness and the radiation and see there phones, tablets, leap frogs , etc. all melt away in the heat and radiation  times out of  there going to want to go back to earth . also a lot of people dislike and sometimes people hate change . a new phone from a android to a iphone is little but moving to another planet thats huge .