the author supports his main idea very clear on why studying venus is worth it despite the dangers it presents. the author develops his claim through facts from nasa and facts about venus. the writer of the story supports it by saying it will gain human curiosity, venus once has been like earth, and how electronic devices can melt due to venus weather. first, the author supports the idea of exploring venus because venus once been like earth. in paragraph  it states,  astronmers are fascinates by venus because it may well once have been the most earth like planet in our solar system. another example from paragraph  is,  long ago, venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and coul have supported various forms of life, just like earth.. this illustrates how the author supports the idea of studying venus because it can show how venus was once like earth and to astronomers see what happen to those features. it can show them how earth was like a long time ago. in addition, the author supports his idea by telling the readers that it can gain human curiosity. in paragraph  the author states,  striving to meet the challenge presentrd by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. another example from paragraph  is ...doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. these examples illustrate how the author supports his idea by saying that exploration to venus can cause human to wonder how venus was like. and to see the challenges venus has despite the dangers that it comes with. lastly, the author talks about how venus weather is like. he tells the readers that its a very harsh weather. in paragraph  the author states,  nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another example from paragraph  is, just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. this implifies to the authors support by stating that astrnomers should see what causes that weather and how they can study venus in a safely matter. in conclusion, the author supports his idea in various ways. the authors tells the reader how venus is as its own character. the authors tells the dangers of venus . the writer showed his support by human curiosity, how venus climate was, and how it was once made like earth.