there is a challenge to explore venus but they are willing to take risks just to be able to study venus. one thing that says that venus couldve been like earth long time ago. scientists are seeking to conduct a through mission to be able to understand venus. would need to get up close and personal depsite the risks. venus reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study. the other thing thats more challenging for them are the clouds of highly corrosice sulfuric acid. that atmospheres the surface of the planet of  degrees f. the atmosphere pressure is  times greater than earth. hottest surface tempeture of any planet. which is why its a impossible thing to do its like a harm for humans we wouldnt be able to take that pressure on us we could just die not even stepping a foot and wouldnt be able to come bcak either. not a singler spaceship has tounched down on venus in more than three decades . thats long and we are trying to see how they did it and we want to be able to make it again. they are trying to see if its possible again because maybe if something ends up happening to earth and we can be able to survive in venus we would be going out there and just start all over again. they say venus was like another earth it had mountains and even other stuff but we arent to sure thats why they are trying to land on venus to see if it was true. study more the planet its not going to be easy nothing really cant be impossblie either. they think that maybe it can even cause erupting valcanoes and powerful earthquakes even some frequent lighing. electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating and the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condition. venus would also be a intersesting place to study for like did they really have mountains and rivers almost like another earth like it. we just have to wait and see if it did and only reseach would show if one day we are able to land on venus and nothing to go wrong then we will find out if it was just like earth.