the modern car is a major travel source in which millions of people rely on daily. the issue with this is the struggle of being stopped at lights or being in a traffic jam. the quintessential point here is that greenhouse gases will be lowered in mass amounts if we limit our car usage. varying countries are supportive of having car free environmentsareas. some being germany, france, columbia, and the u.s. elisabeth rosenthal describes a community in germany. each owner of a house in the neighborhood is allowed to own a car but has to pay a fee of , to receive a spot. in this neighborhood of vauban, there is no need for a car because stores are located next to the neighborhood which is placed a walk away and is very efficient. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse emmisions in europe... vauban is in an attempt to lower these numbers because the thought of owning a car here is frowned upon because all essential stores are in walking distance. the city of paris was suffering from a smog epidemic and had to enforce a no driving ban. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... the french people that were usually driving were not here, so roads and major highways freed up which allows for more free room. the smog also was depleting due to a decrease of car usage. columbia is using a yearly plan for a carfree day which brings open streets to the city of bogota. the advantage of this limited car usage is the promotion of alternate transportation and reduction of smog. its a good opppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza in source three. when it comes to mind, driving can make a day more stressful which hinders work performance. the outstanding responces from this event brought two other colombian cities, cali and valledupar... into the event. parks and sport centers also have bloomed throughout the city... the community of bogota took a chance to bring their lives closer by incorporating new businesses into a walkable distance from neighborhoods. according to research, americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licences as each year goes by... this also provides less greenhouse gas effects on the environment. a main factor in reducing traffic jamsgreenhouse gases is the new plans that bring hope to those who are skeptical about switching over to carfree. new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls... biking is an excellent alternative to driving because it is fast and efficient. another plan was provided by the moblie world congress, barcelona, spain, bill ford, executive chairman of the ford motor company, laid out a business plan for a world in which personal vehicle ownership is impractical... as stated, big motor vehicle companies are trying to reduce the practicality of owning a car as soociety turns its head towards a carfree environment. cars are a very fast port of transportation but carry a burden of bad factors. pollution has increased over the times in which cars have been overused and is the leading cause for an increase in greenhouse gases. if we limit our car usage, we can create an almost free pollution zone and free up much needed space for other activites than miles upon miles of driving roads.