you can live in your car, but you cant drive your house. this is a quote my teacher used to tell me as advise for the future. this was a way of saving money if you had to choose between paying rent or paying your car bills if you were in this situation. however, what he did not realize is its more useful to use less of your car. using less of your car improves the enviroment. using less will reduce the pollution in the air that we breathe in. when we reduce our car use we reduce the amount of resources like fossil fuels and nonreuseable resources. when we use cars and create pollution we also create a smog, but when we stop using cars we can clear the smog. in paris, they banned car use for a certain amount of time and it reduced the amount of smog. in fact, in the article paris bans driving due to smog , it says the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for oddnumbered plates on tuesday. another thing that reduces is your payments for your car. how can you pay for a car if you dont have one? the answer is you dont. without a car you dont have to pay car payments or repair payments. you also dont have to worry about getting fines or looking for parking spaces. in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars , it reads car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park large garages at the edge of the develpment, where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home. if you are not already worried with you car payments, you would be worried about your childrens safety. accidents happen all the time from cars. and if youre not in an accident you could be the one with a car breakdown on your way to work. now you may say, i need a car because i have to drive to work or drop my kids at school. than here is a solution, in the article the end of car culture it says, likewise the rise in cellphones and carpooling apps has fascilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work. my teachers quote about paying for cars is more useful than paying rent is incorrect. using less of your car is an advantage to improving the environment, spending less money, and increasing safety in the world.