are driverless cars safe for the future? in the article driverless cars are coming, it talks about how driverless cars is not an imagination for the future but how its coming to a reality and how the idea is coming together. even the company google has starteed having cars that drive independently since . but in my opinion, i believe that driverless cars are unsafe and that car companys should stick to manually driven vehicles. there are reasons that driverless cars are unsafe they cant drive around complicated trafics issues and navigate through road work, and still need assistance of a human to navigate and drive the car, and repairing the roads to be suitable for these vehicles is costly. how can a car navigate around traffic and know what to do in the situation? the car doesnt have capability of a human mind to work through these problems. in paragraph  in the article it staes,  but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating work zones and arund accidents. this proves that these vehicles dont have the capability of human skills and problem solving skills to work around these obstacles. another problem with driverless cars is that there still needs to be a human driver on the wheel and to be alert at all times. there is no point on having driverless cars if the car cant succesfully drive itself without a human. these vehicles are still not equiped and arent safe for the pasangers becuase the driver needs to be alert at all times and wouldnt it get boring not driving but just watching? dr. werner huber, a bmw project manager driver says,  the drive psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge. if its really that much of a challenge then it most likely will be impossible to fix this problem. lastly, another big downside of driverless cars is repairing the roads to a smart road system to accompany the drivrless cars. these smarter roads will make the cars safer and easier for the cars to navigate throught but it will be costly and every road would have to be repaired. in paragragph , enigeers at berkley stated,  these smartroad systems worked suprisungly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. this statement shows that these engineers are agreeing that is impossible to rebuild every road to accompany these vehicles for a safe ride. driverless cars was an imagination of the past but has started becoming a relaity in our furture. but these cars should stay an imagination and have been proven to not be safe. driverless cars still need a driver in the seat to take control in complicated siuations and its too costly. why have driverless cars when you still need a driver?