the face of mars was created by aliens! no it wasnt because it was a common landform in cydonia and it looked like a face because it had unusual shadows that made it look like and egyptian pharaoh. the landform was called a martian mesa, they are well known for looking like faces and are very common in cydonia. if you think that aliens created the face then how would it change over years and be in the land? i think that the landform was created by the erosion in mars and that it happens a lot. rock formations like the face are well known in mars. but the face was iconic because nasa unveiled the photo that was taken by viking  to the whole world and the world was surprised. they thought that the face was created by aliens of course but that was because it was from a different planet and they didnt see all the other mesas that were in cydonia. the photo also gave out many illusions of eyes, a nose, and a mouth. so people thought the face was still created by aliens, but how? it couldnt have happened because the viking  was snapping photos of the land form for  years and no aliens appeared in those photos. the mgs and the moc showed much clearer pictures than the viking . the photos revealed a natural landfor not created by aliens. but not everyone was satisfied because the photo was taken  degrees north martian lattitude whre it was a cloudy time of the year therefore the mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. maybe the alien markings were hidden by haze. garvin says its not easy to target cydonia because the mgshad to look down . kmwide strips. the mgs snapped the picture at he right moment if it didnt we wouldnt have a photo. but in  on a cloudless summer day in cydonia the mgs drew close enough for a second look malins team took one last photo in the highest resolution. each pixel in  spans . meters wich is way better than the viking  photo in . what the phos showed you ask? the  photo showed what looked like a butte or a mesa often common in the west of the united states. it was a landform not one created by aliens. the aliens made it you said, but it was a lava dome that takes form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. this shows that landform do form in mars and on any planet. although we dont know if aliens are real or fake they did not make this. to conclude things, the photo that was taken in  gives you a vivid look at how the face was formed and shows you how lava makes them. if you still think that aliens did this then you need to look at the photos more closely.