the electoral college isnt an normal conversating subject for everyday life, although it is important. without the electoral college we the people wouldnt have a president to help run our country as a whole. the way the college works may be confusing but it all ties together in the end a new president is elected every four years. particurly, there are a total of five hundred and thirtyeight electors. but around two hundred and seventy votes is required to eclect the president. everyone has jobs. meaning, they are either all apart of parties or are in charge of an party that has decided to go and represent somebody that is running. the state of columbia is in a way treated differently. the reasoning columbia is quotations is because there was quite a discussion on wheather or not it should be counted, in the end result according to the article source  what is the electoral college? for soem reason, in the following discussion the word state also refers to the district of columbia. that being said the more votes the better and fair to all of the people. as each candidate runs to be elected for preisdency the elector has a party in which they support fully and represent one another as a whole. as they represent they start to get people excited for the new incoming president and saying why they believe heshe is the best and deserves to dedicate their time. all of these processes go on because everyone deserves to share their opinion and say and choose their preferred president. another smart point is, everyoen should be given a chance. that being said, no matter if youre a women or man and have the desire to work in the electoral college or even run for president, i personally believe that everyone should be treated equal and be given an oppurtuninty to show the wiseness and what they have to offer. stated from source  in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president just so hapeens in number four to say, so other things are being equal, a large state gets more attention from the presidental candidats in a campaign than a small state does. basically saying that everyone doesnt get the chance to choose if its not given and thats not how we the people need to be, if we want help protecting our country for the ones that are against us with grudges, and to help keep our roadways clean and avaliable, and to help hire us at the jobs we want, then truly we need to support them as well. and give them equality! in summation, the electoal college is an important part of our government and presidency itself, but all the proscesses and ect. that is also involved also plays a role and makes it just as necessary. without out we woudlnt be able to vote for the right and needed president because we wouldnt know what is need, required, and more. with it, it makes everything make sense. with all the people that are in the committee makes it ten times better in chossing who and how we want to be represented. electing our president is just as important of the electoral college. in other words, without the busy college, there would be no president of the united states of america.