an earth like planet. venus. and so close to, in space termonology that is. venus isnt a easy plant to work with, espically with the weather changing rapidly. its tough. but why do people really want to investigate it? life. it can hold life on it. not very easily and effecantly, but it can non the less. so why research so much about it and put millions of dollars towards funds for it? venus at one point in time was the only planet in our solar systme very similar to earth. it had the sustatial ecosystem our planet has, it didnt have an accesive amount of down ward gravitational pull and it wasnt in a constant chemical thermal storm or in high toxian heat levels. it probably had a huge ocean like ours and had other land masses on it, such like our continants. but why would we care to fund it so much if its now in unsuitable conditions? we are trying to get human intelligents down there. we need samples of rocks, atmospheric gasses and even any life forms such as plants andor animals. if we can find out what materials are already down on the surface, we can certify that well be able to make other forms of objects down there such as trees, buildings and cars. we need to know what kind of pressure would be experiancing. how much oxygen is down there. what kind and how much of gastro fuel we would need for high pressure compression suits. we need all of those answers, and we know how to get them, but not . if the world were to end in  years and we knew about it ahead of time, theres a good chance we would find sulotions on how to get people up to venus and possibly mars as well. theres not enough time to know ahead, but we can always start preparing. so just like the old days in the race to the moon, we need to start helping nasa with their funds, researching ways to get up there, getting data, exploring new options and just not being afraid of whats out there. i know were all afraid of going out into the unknown, but someday, were going to have to go out there, and i rather be really prepared than not knowing what were even going for.