you know thoes movies were they are flying cars eveywhere and they can basically just drive themselves ? it sounds amazing that your own car drives itself with no help from you and you can just sit there texting or eating but is it really that convienent? driverless cars in the future will not be a good thing because it will cause probems , money and can essientally put our lifes at risk. finding out who is lieing and who is telling the truth is hard at times because people will go to extreme lengths to hide the truth. in the story it states  california , nevada, florida, and the district of columbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semiautonomour cars. not alot of states are allowing it to be legal to just test run a cumputer driven car so why would any state allow to actually use a smart car? trying to change that law will cause alot of contreversy and problems. so if someone was using a smart car and one day they got into an accident whos fault would it be? in the passage it states  new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? trying to fiqure out who caused the accident, was it the smart car or the person in the smart car. it will be difficult to try to fiqure that out and it will cause chaos and a lot of lawsuits will be made as well as people or even the companys creating these smart cars will try everything in their power to make sure it wasnt them who caused it so who knows what lengths people will go to cover something up and not make it seem like it was that persons fault. we all need money to survive and essientally we also need money to try and enrich our life as well but is it worth to spend money on things that arent really needed ? smart cars are obviously gonna be alot of money to purchase but also to make one will need a lot of money so is it really essiental? in this passage it states for startes , they needed a whole lot of sensors . so the companys are gonna be wasiting alot of money on sensors for each car and then it goes on to state developing smarter cars someday wasnt so much smarter cars as smarter roads.... these smartroad systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. so not only are they wasting a lot of money creating these smart cars but also wasting a huge amount on creating smarter road systems and it even states that it was simply too expensice to be practical so if it wasnt practical back then is it really practically now? being able to feel safe is something big and we all mainly try focusing on being able to feel safe so to try and get that feeling of being safe we might change our job or move to a different location but should we change whos actually in charge of our cars? smart cars are operated from computers and all sort of different technologies that alot of us dont quite understandyet and onlt the ones who know about these technologies and the people who created it understand it. in the passage it states the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheel and reduce power from the engine,allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. so what if our car goes out of control and all of the buttons that we could push to stop the car or even slow it down stops working what can we do? do we just it there and pry that it will stop or hope we dont die when we crash? or even if someone hacks into the technology being used in the car to harm the person in the car and we end up losing all control we thought we had in the car what do we do then ? there are so many unanswered questions that should be answered before lunching them out to the public and risking peoples lifes. still so many unanswered questions and risks we will be talking if we do use a smart car.maybe driverless cars should stay on television and movies. driverless cars in the future will not be a good thing because it will cause problems, money, and can essientally put our lifes at risk.