technology is improving everyday to make our lives better. our society wants to improve on many things to make our lives productive. one of the main things they are currently working on is driverless cars. the google has been working on their driverless car. that project has been going on for years, and they have not been able to progress much. driverless cars are waste of money, ineffcient to humans, and will cause controversy in the future. the idea of driverless car originally was desgined as a car without human involved on the road. now the techicians are claiming that we need humans to control the car otherwise this idea of driverless car would not work. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. that would be very aggriviating having to drive whenever the computer cant.this necessitate the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenver a problem occures. that sounds very inconvenient. the passage is saying that we shoould always be alert of any mistakes that the computer makes. humans might as well as just drive with our hands and feet. the car needs to be completly human control free, otherwise this technology will be very inefficient. this idea of driverless cars isnt just inefficient, it will cost money. this process of testing their prototype seems very costly. the author mentioned that one of the sensors costs about two hundred million dollars. google needs to realize that not everyone has two hundred million dollars in their pocket. this isnt the only sensor that the car has either. other sensors on the cars seems very costly as well, because these specific types of technology was not around a long time. the prototype itself seems very costly, and they are not still completly driverless. a person still has to be alert so that it does not do anything dangerous. trying to create more prototypes and ideas costs money too. if we are not progressing much, why do we need to waste so much money on something that may not even be efficient in the future? driverless cars are wasting money on something they will not go anywhere in the future. somehow, in the far future, we do end up having this driverless car. it will be completely efficient and convenient to use. now the society has to make new laws that apply to this driverless car. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault, the driver or the manufacturer? we have to think about these kind of things and decide the best option. our society already has many controversial laws, like gay rights or gun rights. the government does not need any more controversial laws to deal with, our society is already messy enough. driverless car will be very controversial when they are introduced to our society, it is not worth the time and money to manufactur cars that will cause controversy. driverless car idea was interesting at first, but if we look into negative side of it, it does not sound very intriguing at all. this idea is wasting money in general, and it seems so far very inefficient to our human lives, and it will cause alot of controversy later in the future if we do have driverless cars. driverless cars are waste of money, ineffcient, and will be controversial.