drivless cars are coming, is a article about the pros and cons of using drivless cars.i dont see the reasoning behind using drivless cars , when the cars people drive now are working perfetly normal.the old saying if it aint broke dont fix it works perfect in this case. driving is a very common thing in the united states of america, almost every adult in todays society drives. if driveless cars become normalized then think about the people who cant afford drivless cars. the law would have to change so what would happen to the old car drivers. would they have to follow the new drivless laws or the old ones that where set? the law system would get very confusing ans would be hard on police oficers. a big problem would be accidents. who would you charge, the manufactures or the driver? you wouldnt know whos fault it would be. since sometimes the cars drive by there selves it could be either one. the compunies have the money so even if it was a cars fault the cumponie would get out of the law suit and could leave the driver paying a lot for something that wasnt hisher fault. the biggest concern is safty. what happens when the car gets glitchy or if a circut goes out and the car starts to panic and crash. the children could get severly injured from something that wasnt your fault. the car is almost aslways based on a computer sytem. people in todays society are smart and know how to work computers. would the car have a firewalll of some sort. if not there could be lots of trouble if somme one was deranged and haked a car a ran it into stuff blowing things up. with the knew teroist coming up people need to think about things like that. that could be the next attack using our cars to strike fear into people. then we couldnt tell who or where it came from. in the end i do think drivless cars could work i just dont think theyre ready for use in the forseable future. they need alot of work and alot of explaining before the cars can be usable or to be common in society. so could it work of course , but i dont see it happening any time soon.