in the challenge of exploring venus talks about venus a lot and how its very alike to planet, and venus has the hottest temperature, and lastly how the nasa is setting up ideas to send humans to learn more about venus. it is also trying to persuade us to learn more about venus and how interesting it is. the authors tone is very curous and is very into it. venus has similarites to earth that are even called twins and even in the text it says venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of denisty and size, and occasionally the closet in distance too. which means that they may not be the same hight which is the same size but they still have some similarties that they share. venus as well share the same similarites by how venus has erupting volvanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes it has powerful storms just like earth. another reason for how venus and earth are alike is by how venus also the surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters its amazing how they both have so may alikes. lastly venus has also been covered with oceans and supported varius forms of life just like earth. earth has been through that as well. how it was covered with water that happened years ago not not and im talking about venus. venus has one of the hottest surface temperature than any of our solar system like how the text says. it also says how the temperature is different here in earth than in venus. it says  temeperatures avarage over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atomospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. which means is bad for us to breath in venus. therefore the oxygen from venus is highly different from earth. lastly the temeperature is extremely bad that it can crush a submarnine accustomed to diving to the deeepest parts of out oceans and would liqefy many metals. which means that it is very horrible for us. my last reason is nasa is giving out ideas to send humans to venus. in paragrapgh  it talks about they are trying to send humans to venus but also theres bad things can happen. like in the last sentence it says not easy conditictons, but survivable for humans. throughout that whole paragrapgh it is saying that tempatures would still be  degrees fahrenheit and how the sea level is close to earth. in paragrapgh  in the middle it is talking about how researches cant take rocks or anyhting from venus because it is a risk. thats why its a challenge. these are my reasons for how earth and venus has a lot of commen things and venus doesnt have a lot of dangers. also venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.