there has always been an argument about the face on mars since it was discovered. many people believe it is natural, and others think someone made or put it there. a mask that looks perfectly in task cant be a landform, many people say. since the face has been in magazines, books, and even tv shows, it is considered something everyone has an opinion about. there has been many pictures, and photographs taken of the face. in  it came out as a clear mask, untouched as some would describe how it looked. scientists and other specialists have studied and researched it as time has passed. some people say it looks like it belongs with the egptian culture. spacecrafts, rockets, and monitors have supervised the face ever since it was found. debatable i would say whether it is a landform or it is natural. the argument is quite fascinating in many ways. books have been written about it, talk shows on televison have talked about it, and people have came up with evidence and facts for what they believe of the face on mars. if you are a person like me, you would believe the face is a landform. i could easily tell, and prove it is indeed a landform. it is too close to the sun, you would instantly die. when people found out about armstrongs trip to the moon, they were excited. but can anyone go to mars? of course not, its way to hot. the distance from earth to mars is a wide spread. going to the moon is one thing, but going to mars is another. thinking and dreaming about going to mars is all nice until you realize it is not possible. everyone knows you can go into outer space, and the moon. but everyone also knows you cant possibly go to mars, and come back alive. plus to get there and back, would be tough. fuel doesnt last as long as you think it does. just ask the apollo  crew about that. you have to be prepared and knowing the possibilities on what could go wrong. it also takes a lot of money to go to the moon, think about how much it would be to go to mars. nobody could have put that face on mars. people would think you were insane if you told them that. the face is ordinary, there is nothing else like it or even close to it. everyone has their own belifs and stories of what they think happened. there has been many people who tudied thius face. it is definitely a debate. hopefully one day we will find the truth. maybe it will be breaking news like it did when they very first found the face.