have you heard about becoming a seagoing cowboy? well if one has i think that one should join because, it is really fun and there are a lot of perks of being sea cowboy. first off, after staying on the boat for a long time you dont just sit there on the way back we do a lot of different activities. second off, if one gets drafted for service in a war, this could count for it. last off, on ones way to a destination you get to see a lot of different old or prehistoric buildings that where made way before you were in the world. now for why you should join being a seagoing cowboy. do you know how is said earlier that when youre done doing the load of animals? well if you remember then we do a lot of fun games and other things. first of all, is we get to play a lot of sports such as baseball, volleyball, tabletennis, fencing, and boxing. not only do we get to do sports activities but we also get too do acedimic things, for example reading. and lastly if your a more calm type of person we even whittle a little bit with our free times. now for why it counts torwads doing service in the war. youre probabley wondering why it counts torwads your service in the war? well it counts for your service for a various amount of reasons. first, it counts for your service because you can spy on what the enemy is planning to attack us with. also, it counts for your service because you can stop them from making any devious plans to attack america. lastly, it will count torwads your service because, america could sneek in some there devious plans through live stock if they needed to if they couldnt come up with any other ways to attack the other country. one may be asking right now well what kinda places you visit on these livestock trips to other countries? one might get to visit a bunch of prehistoric building or you might even see some of the newer landmarks but they are still pretty cool. first off, you will see a lot of prehistoric building or landmaks that we do not have in america. second of all my reasons you might see some cool brand new buildings or landmarks that you can not visit in america. now onto my reminder on why all this is true. remember, this is all true because you are hearing from a man who has experienced it all fom his adventues in the deep sea in many different oceanes throught the world. like the pacific and atlantic oceans. first off, it is a first person perspective so you havve to believe its true.