final draft is the face on mars really created by aliens? no, the face is not created by aliens since mars is also created by land, so it is not unusual if there is a landform that looked like a face. the face on mars could have been created by when mars itself was being created. many people may think the face is a alien artifact, but it is based on an opinion and not facts. an example is that, there are a lot of landforms on earth that looked like other living things, but they are not created by humans instead the land itself created it. the face on mars was discovered around cydonia on the red planet, so it is common to have another mesa around it. it is better to conclude an idea with facts and not just some random guest, so the face on mars doesnt have much evidence that said it is made by aliens, but instead it has evidence that said it is created by the natural landforms if mars. on april , , moc took a picture of the face close up and show it to everyone that the face doesnt really looked much of a face, but it looked like a hill that you can climb onto. according to moc, the face on mars doesnt looked like a face, but a natural landform with no alien monument. the picture that they took in the  could have been an illusion since it was a cloudy time and the face was blocked with clouds and dust. the picture that the mars global surveyor took has shown that, there wasnt any objects of transportations, egyptian pyramids or life on mars that show that the face was created by alien. people may keep assuming that the face is created by aliens, but according to the author of unmasking the face on mars, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. there are also other landforms that could have similar description of the face that are found on other planets. the face creation could have been created by a lava dome since according to the garvin, the author of unmasking the face, the miidle butte in the snake river plain of idaho was a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face of mars. even though we know that the face on mars isnt created by aliens, there are other explanation that there could be life on mars, but it the evidence that we have right now, strongly suggest that the face on mars is created by landforms.