do you honestly think that from reading the article  unmasking the face on mars and from reading theories and looking at pictures of the face that it is a real face? honestly people it is a natural landfrom. if you look at the three pictures taken in the years ,, and  you see that it is very blurry at first, but then throughout the years you get a better look at it. as the years go on the face loses its shape and doesnt look much like a face anymore. the landform is cracking and it looks from the sky like a mound. my first reason i think that the face is just a landform is that the way it is indented, it could be a mountain or a tall hill. if so, then you could see how between the years  and  the face could have had an avalanch or a simailiar situation happen to it. cracks form and it looks like by  the left side of the face has a huge indentation in it. if you look closely in the  image taken from the spaceship viking  if you look at the outline of the faces shape, you will see how it kind of slants up like a slide. that is reason to beleive that the face could be a hill, or a mountain or even a small or large mound. okay so econdly, do you believe in god? if you do then did you ever think that since god created everything, that he might have created this so we could study off of it and learn scientific facts. he could have put it there so we can study it and learn and eduacationally grow smarter with this. another scenario is he put it there so people who want to be scientists or astronauts, that they could see this out in space and have a deeper curiosity for the thin they love and are interested in, whether that is space, or landforms or astrophysics. you never know it could happen. i can see how you might think that this face structure is not a natural landform. you never know it could be a mound put there covering dead bodies. i know it sounds gross, but think if there is or was another species out there living on mars. aliens or extra terrestrial creatures could have buried important objects or heirlooms to them there or have buried family or other creatures who have passed on there. you never know, but i can see why you might think that the face is not a natural landform. if i think about it too much my curiosity is kind of wanting to believe all of the unknown stuff such as history or mysteries unknown and veiled by this face object. it could be a landform of mysterious identity. it could be a mound of buried treasure or bodies. we may never know. as it says in the passage, an enormous head nearly two miles from end to end seemed to be staring back at the cameras from a region of the red planet called cydonia  this face object may just be there to arise our curiosity. but one thing is for sure. this face in the region of cydonia on the red planet of mars is a mystery for sure. buit i can agree with what you might think for in this situation, the possibilties and scenarios are endless.