the author does not give give well enough support on if the idea of studying the planet venus is a worthy pursuit. the author gives the dangers of the planet in the article and does give interesting facts about the planet but does not make it sound safe enough to try to visit the planet itself. there are various dangers to this pursuit and does not make it sound worth the risk. the author provides evidence on how the planet is and facts about it but does not state that it is possible for any object to land on the surface of venus without being destroyed, therefore provides some evidence that studying venus is not a worthy pursuit. the author states the dangers on venus in the artilce and some examples of the dangers from the text would be stated in paragraph , such as, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the text also states how temperatures on venus can average over  degrees, and that right there proves how dangerous venus is because humans cannot survive in that kind of heat. the text also states how an environment like that would crush a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of the oceans on earth. the author provides good information on how venus is a very dangerous planet but does not well enough support how it is worth studying the planet itself. though scientists may be fascinated by the planet, it still is not worth any risks due to the dangers. the text does state how there are some features on venus that are similar to the ones on earth. such as, valleys, mountains, and craters. the planets also have similar size to each other and occasionally have the closest distance to each other too. though this information is quite fascinating, it does not provide information on how venus is worth visiting and studying. studying venus is not a worthy pursuit. from reading the last few paragraphs, from the sound of the author, this seems to do with more of opinion and personal interests rather than factual evidence and support. the author does not make it seem worthy to study this planet in ways it has never been studied before, such as going there and exploring the surface for a long time and exploring more than just a small area, but discovering and studying larger parts of the planet because without actually seeing just about every inch of the planet, there is no way of knowing what is on the planet itself., which makes it a bit more dangerous but also makes humans very curious. yes people may be fascinated in the planet and would like to achieve the goal of exploring the surface of venus for awhile, but knowing the dangers of this planets surface and atmosphere, it is not physically possible to do so. scientists try with machines consistenly but those machines do not even last for more than a few hours on or around this planet, proving that it is an extremely difficult task to study the planet, venus. though scientists can continue to try and make machines more compatable due to knowing these certain facts about venus. it can make it a bit more possible to study venus more, but until then, it is not worth any risks due to the factual dangers on this planet.