cars have been part of our daily lives for decades and have become somewhat idolized in american culture. but cars are slowly killing our planet and are speeding up the greenhouse effect taking place within our earths atmosphere. weve become entirley too dependent on cars to get us where we wish to go, making many people lazy. cars also emit gasses that can harm our internal body structures, causing problems with lung diseases and just the simple act of breathing. many cities from all over the world have taken measures to limit the use of cars in daily life, making their homes cleaner and healtheir to live in. more cities should start to do this as well to help save our planet and oursleves. environmentalists have hated cars for a long time because of the harmful effect it has to air we breathe. when nearrecord levels of smog filled the air of paris, they enforced a temporary driving an in efforts to reduce the smog and within five days the smog cleared enough to allow citizens to start driving once again. in america, the number of drivers and car owners has been steadily reducing since  and many experts belive it will continue to. a revolution could be started if enough people stop driving personal vehicles and instead walk, bike, or even just use public transportation. people have adjusted over the years to things being given to them without them doing much to get it. cars contribute to this and have caused laziness in many car owners. in bogota, columbia they have initiated and annual carfree day where everyone has to get to their jobs by means of biking or walking or taking public transportation. carlos atruro plaza rides his twoseat bicycle with his wife to work and both like the idea of limiting air pollution caused by cars. pollution from cars can be dangerous for humans as well as the environment. by breathing in harsh gases we could aquire diseases such as copd and lung cancer. cars allow people to live unhealthy lifestyles in comfort while unknowing of the harm its causing. they are an insidious problem. cars have been gradually degenerating the planet and harming the people who use them. thankfully many officials are working hard to limit this but we all have to contribute. our planet will die if we dont do something to stop it, and if our planet dies, whats to become of the human race?