imagine that its am, monday  and you wake up to the smell of gasoline, fuel, and fogged air you look outside and all you see is car after car commuting to ones everday life and spreading pollution every where. cars are used way to often by many people who dont even need it most the time. if you do your part and limit car usage only good things will come to the world. limiting car usage in todays environment sounds like a difficult thing to do since people work, go to school, etc. but in reality limiting car usage is saving the environment around us and by saving the environment you are saving yourself. the high number of car usage is polluting our environment in numerous ways due to the smog it creates that corrupts the air. sometimes it takes seeing what one is doing to stop and think about how they are affecting it. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city  source , paragraph . you can see that because of the increased pollution in paris they putforth a law to limit the car usage in the city. if you limit usage than progress in the environment will occur. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog  source , paragraph . in only fivedays more than half of congested pollution decreased due to the limiting of car usage in that area. cars can just destroy the atmosphere but we as people can make a big change by just walking or riding a bike in the times where you dont need a car and just doing that is a great way to decrease pollution by limiting your car usage. some places and people in the world seem to thrive without cars in their everyday system. people who dont own cars seem to have less stress in their life. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way...  source , paragraph . in some areas of the world the government has days to support the limiting of car usage by banning them for a temporary time. bogota, colombia in a program... millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took busses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams  source , paragraph . having a day free of cars has a great chance of decreasing some of the modern stresses of life. living a life without cars even if it is for a certain period of time is helpful in reducing the pressure on ones life and gives nature a fighting chance on this planet. limiting car usage is beneficial to world whether the impact is small or large it all plays a good part in protecting our health and the environment around us. people have made changes some take to the extreme others dont do something about it until they see for themselves what it does. if one limits their car usage then they are being a great benefactor and get to experience the advantages of it. you stop imagining and now you think im going to ride my bike to school today.