as a nation wide situation, cars are a main factor of what causes pollution. limiting car usage helps to make the enviorment we live in better. with the fact of owning a car can be stressful,and the precent rates of car traffic and car purchase has decreased, people have commited to a automoblie free zone. if in a perseptive of a mother or father, you would prefer for your child to stay inside and not play close to the road because of the slight chance they could be physical hurt by a car. according to source  heidrum walter was always tense when owning a car and now living in a city where cars are very limited she is happy. as a citizen in vauban where giving up cars is normal, some dont want to. to own a car you must only have the option to park in to places. one is in a large garage at the outskirts of the development and or a house you have to purchase inn order for you to use the parking space. as the limiting of car usage, it would be a lot easier to walk from point a to point b instead of being abnormal and driving further to park. a average amount for a house to citizens that own a automoblie is fourty thousands dollars. it would much cheaper to walk,bike, run, or even skate to a destination. in bogota, colombia it has become a trend to banned cars for one day out of the year. as people enjoy the car free day, they bike, walk, hike or took buses on the rainy day. rain could not stop the passionate feelings against cars on that day. many agreed that for just one day the air they walk everyday was different. not only in bogota and many other colombian cities, paris has joined in on the trend. many were happy to see no car traffic on the busiest streets in paris. as before the car banning, the air was horrible and rivaled against the worlds most polluted city beijing. after the participation of car banning, the smog cleared up enough for the city to continued as before. it has been stated that less people are now involved and well known to a life without a car. people in a range of  and  dont even bother to get a drivers license because of the droping rates of owning a car. it can be expensive but also dangerous. with limiting car usage people just phone a friend and catch a ride or public transportation. later on when people have the need fora car, like when having children, working, etc. it will be cheaper and easier to get a car since compaines want you to have one becuase of the lower rates and money not coming in from years before yourself. advantages comes with disadvantages as well. limiting car usage comes with a change in enviorment, a better feeling in safety, decreasing in congestion,and a future that you can see happening for yourself.