making mona lisa smile the authour describes how new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. the process beging when the computer constructs a d, eckman has classified six basic emotions, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. why i disagree with the authour is because you cant tell people emotions even with the computers. in the story its says that the process beging when the compputer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the modle must move like humans muscles. a human can move there face in many different ways even if there sad they can have a happy look on there face if the happy they could have a sad look on they face. so what this proves is that computer try to tell your emotions by your face expresions but really cant. humans have a lot of emotions some you can see and some you can not see but all humans have there main emotions. eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. so what this is saying is that your main emotions can be known by a computer because you so different expressions when you are in them emotions. but even if you are show different emotions it would still be hard for a computer to tell how you fell even if it was the smartest computer in the world because say you are mad but even know your mad you showing expressions of being happy so what would the computer say it would most likely say your happy even know your not. everybody show there facial expressions for each emotion. in the story it says that the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, observes dr hunang, even thought individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling a broadly. and what that is saying is that when you are happy you show a facial expressions or even sad or depressed. some people do show a lot of emotions but somepeople dont could make it harded for a computer to read if your happy are not. so what i have proven in the process beging when the computer constructs a d, eckman has classified six basic emotions, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. is that computer would not be a very good way of reading people emotions. because have there own way of showing the feelings and emotions so show heavy emotions some show light emotions.