facial action coding system has not been around since the early ages of technology. when it comes to technology, developers think of various ways the technology can affect your daily life. with facs facial action coding system there is new wonder to the system everyday. in making mona lisa smile by nick dalto, dalto describes the many ways a computer system can benefit learning styles of students by using examples of facs classroom computers, complex algorithms, and d models created by computers. classroom computers may seem like a boring and old piece of machinery to most students. although classroom computers are not that exciting, students can have a great benefit from the technology that can be accessed from the computers. students might not be able to notice any difference in the computers hardware. however, they may be confused when they see certain ads showing up depending on their facial expressions. a students facial recognition can be very important when encouraging students to learn a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored dalto. classroom computers being able to read facial recognition helps students lessons become modifyed to help their learning experience. complex algorithms can help a computer detect facial structures and emotions portrayed from within an individual. with technology becoming more efficient in the daily live of an average person, some computers are now built with sensors that can be used to unlock the device. some home computers however, are not able to handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. but we can write down some simple instructions that encode different emotions dalto. software engineers, computer engineers, etc. are working nonstop to help write certain codes that will help create features that will be able to sensed. this big leap into technology can help when classroom computers are being built, thus helping student to learn better. d models created by computers are something individuals normally wouldnt see on a daytoday basis. d models are usually created to help people working in the medical fields determine certain diagnosis and such with individuals. if a patient is getting a scan and the doctors need to see certain muscles the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles dalto. with computers being able to read and detect muscles located in a persons face, engineers can use that research to help enhance the function of computers being able to sense facial expressions. the use of facs examples classroom computers, complex algorithms, and d models created by computers can all make an impact in a students learning style in the passage making mona lisa smile by nick dalto. the use of technolgy used todays society already has a huge impact that can lead to an even bigger impact and that impact can help many young individuals learn specific and various ways.