driverless car or safety car is a car that is driven can be called driverless car? as abraham lincoln once say impossible is not a word because the word says i m possible. sure,there can be a future where sergey brin foresees but does it going to change anything. one mistake could be publictransport taxi system.what does the word taxi reminded you? the next mistake would be naming a car that have a driver as driverless cars. this show that they are capable of lying. the last one is camera and entertainment. the greed of this problem is an issue.they would still charge you the same amount of money. what about for the poor and homeless? publictransport taxi system is nothing but a name in itself. this is much worse than the daily taxi because in passage ,it say one got to wait until the other one is done. this could lead to many thing. for example, for a student like myself, i do not want to be late. first, i would be in a loss state when i came not knowing the thing my friends in class know. i would fail the test and many more. this is one of the issue that would cause many major problems. as the problem goes deeper, the real main issue is one got to drive if he want to ride on the publictransport taxi. can this really be called driverless cars? as far as thing goes, when there is a driver, it is not called or known as driverless. would that change the problem between drunk driver? one of the astonishing new would be drunk driver. one of the reason many people get on taxi is because they do not want to drive or they do not have car. what if a drunk person drive the taxi? would not that cause the problem for the other?what if an underage drive? dont you feel weird when you know someone is looking at you? that is how the driver would felt. in passage , it stated that while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. what about the entertainment? it also stated that bringing incar entertainment. would not you be curious if someone laughs suddenly or someone cry suddenly. while you drive, if someone shout really loud, would not you panick? the problem lie on passanger instead of the driver. some might get in for the entertainment. would not parent be worried when their child come home too late? finally, as the car improving, the issues would also rise. one would be the money charge the same as before. another would be the driver. what if a teenager around  or  drive? and the last one is entertainment and camera. as a human, we think it is weird when someone look at us . what if it ruin the daily peace? would it annoyed the parent? the driverless car might bring the problem for an educational student like us. would it lead kid in a bad way?