everyone loves fast, loud cars. the kind that make loud screeches, and speed away from the police in our favorite action movies. but in a social sense personal vehicles seem to be going out of style, especially in americas youth. not only are less young people attaining their licenses, but simply less people are driving. some countires put restrictions on driving to limit the excessive ammount of polution produced, and finding the effects to be quite positive. is it time for the world to move on, and stop using this massive cause of pollution on our planet? in the years of  there appears to be a very noticable social shift. young drivers, between   , have started to give up the desire to operate a motor vehicle, we know this from the  decrease in legal teens on the road. first thinking about that, i felt it was a bit exaggerated and mostly caused by urbanized cities where everything is walking distance. but then i thought, not about others but about me, personally. i recently turned  and i have yet to attain my license. my lack of desire to get it shocked my parents, they would continuously tell me how quickly they got their license. its not that i didnt want to drive, i just didnt have the effort to pay the ridiculous sum of money to sit through headache inducing online modules that our state requires. the average number of miles driven by american citizens is also steadily decreasing. studies show the number of miles per person peaked in . eight years after that in april of , the average had dropped nearly . this may not seem like an abundance it is, but that put the number right back where it was in january of . that means after the driving peak, eight years went by, and then it was right back where it was  years before the climax. not only is the driving of young people in america dropping, but the entire driving population in our country has a whole has dropped. many countries are noticing the changes in their enviroment, the large amount of pollution that their land is withstanding. in an effort to fight this, places like paris, france as well as bogota, columbia have initialed nodrivedays. france being more congested, ordered that people with even number plates not drive one day and then odd number plates not drive the next to reduce smog and congestion in their city. smaller places like bogota and a few cities surrounding it have gotten their population to be completely on board with parking the cars for a day or two. maybe people are starting to catch on, its not smart to intentionally pollute our planet for our convenience. socially, car use is declining. for the sake of the only planet we have, car use is definitely declining. the only consequence is that large car producers will go out of business if they cant think of a different product to provide. but morally, should we focus on benifitting big business or our earth? cars are a very convenient source of transportation and walking everywhere wouldnt necessarily be fun. but when the consequences are weighed, which would be more benificial in the long run? so lets abolish cars, for the only planet we have.