cars, theyre one of the most important means of transportations, varing from busses down to smart cars. the more cars being bought and used, the more pollution it makes. researchers are saying that cars, their dense amount of smog being created, are damaging the earth. logically, it would be easier to say that limiting the amount of vehicles being used would allow for a cleaner city or town. limiting car usage in the past and present already shows a positive feed back upon the community. there has been cities dedicated to create a carfree city. an example would be in vauban, germany. there the city runs purely on no car usage and showed to be much cleaner, safer, and easier to navigate around in. it says in the first passage how the city is ...better for walking... and that it is ...more compact and more accessible to public transportation... in other areas, where car usage is an everyday expense, they have started to enforce driving bans to reduce pollution in the area. in paris, they almost reached nearrecord pollution which reduced greatly ever since the ban. they limited the use of cars has cleaned the air and their congestion was down  percent allowing getting around easier. although having car free cities and bans, others thing differently. others, whom oppose the idea of limiting cars use, has done research to show that it isnt necessary to limit car usage. they state that in america americans are buying fewer and fewer cars they claim that the drop of perchasing and that the usage of cars is dropping to the point where pollution wont raise up anymore. in source , it states if the patterns persists it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the envrionment it also states that people will find less reason to resume the habit although some advantages are seen in the opposing ideas, it still would not be enough. the passage focuses to much in one area instead of looking around. limiting car usage would asist around the world proving to be much efficient. there are programs that are created to reduce the usage of cars for one day, which showed to be a success. in source  it shows how  miles of bicycel paths has been created since the day. also shows how the day cut trafic and allowed for constructions of new buildings to be much easier to do. people started to go outside to the point where the rain hasnt stopped people from participating, said bogota. the advantages of car limitations has shown to be much more efficient and benificial towards cities and towns which participated in it. the advantages are that it made the town more productive, cleaner, efficient, and better to walk around in. car limitations has proven to be an outstanding practice to be used around the world.