i remeber through my childhood my mother would always tell me not to be lazy. i think we all grow up with our parent reminding us we have to be independent because when your an adult you have to do things for yourself without the help of others. now think, if you grow up learning about this independence your going to have to have. what does it say to future generations to have such a simple task of driving removed from something they have to learn to be responsible for? simply learning how to get yourself from point a to point b is being replaced with driveless cars. i am not for the development of driveless cars because they will make this generation and future generations lazier and hopelessly dependent on technology when we can easily figure it out on our own. in the article it says that sergey brin believes such cars would fundamentally change the world . its clear this guy is using his head to develop this product to put us all in driverless car .but developing this product would encourage us more than anything not to use our own head. in this century we have technology already being something that distracts us in our cars. things like cellphones and tablets distracting us from the road cause accidents every year. although in the article it says the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. if a human already living in a technology based world is sitting in a driverless car you can imagine theyll find other ways to occupy their time while the car does all the work. now if their is a time that a human needs to take over who says the person will actually notice ?they have all this extra time in the car you can imagine theyll be facebooking tweeting or instagraming .to distracted to pay attention...thats the same problem that kills thousands every year. so what i this really solving? we all look forward to the scary time we are hoping and praying to pass our drivers test. future generations will know nothing of this anxiety because of this driver less car being developed theyre will virtually be no point of studying day and night for your driver test. or working extremely hard to get your first car. you wont be driving it so whats the big deal? teenages in future generations wont have a clue how to drive. a simple skill we all realize we will have to learn weather we are afraid to get behind the wheel or not will basically become a skill we dont need. to me driving is a privledge . but the privledge will dissapear and become pointless. finally these cars will come at a price. in the articel it said to make smart roads wassimply too expensive. so how much do you think it would cost to replace billions of cars? these cars already need a boat load of sensors just to be able to park. something a human can do effortlessly by the way so i can only imagine why we would want to spend more money. i know i sure dont. and i sure others dont either when we can just drive oursleves instead of spending thousands of dollars. in the end these drivles cars will make us lazy and clueless on something as simple as driving. i dont think that driverless cars are a good idea for anyone to pursue. although it is tech savy it is not soething i would like to see change in favor of technologies progression. driving is someting that has been around before me or anyone was born and it would be pointless to let a self driving car to do it for us.