i think that the new technology facial action coding system is a great idea to use in the classroom. the new techology is perfect for teachers to use because it could give the teacher some insite on how the student is feeling, lost, confused, distressed, bored, ect. those are the main resons people do not learn much about what the presentation or lecture is about. in the passage it states the teacher will be able to see if a student is confused. if the student is the teacher would be able to stop the lecture and ask some questions. even if they are not saying anything about their confusion the teacher could ask them after class and save them from loosing a day of notes just by being confused. this new technology not only could save students from bad grades in class but it could tell the teacher how the student is feeling or even thinking. if the student shows and emotion on his face like depression or anger the teacher would know and could ask that student what is wrong. the teacher would be able to comfort that student or even help heshe through that rough time in their life. the student could have just lost a loved one or got into a fight with a close friend so they may be only thinking about that and not about their classwork. teacher could tell that students parents about what is wrong and their parents could comfort their child as well. the facial coding system could you used worldwide around schools from elementary all the way through college. this technology could help many schools that are big and many kids in one classroom. with this technology the teacher would even be able to know if the student has a question. this could primarily help many students with their grades. i know that when i get confused i do not stop the teacher to ask the question, i wait until the end of class and forget that i had a question. the teacher would know this and i would get that question answered either during the lecture or after class. that is why i think that this new technology is revelutionary. this could help thousands if not millions with their grades and school life.