vauban streets are completely car freeexcept the main street thoroughfare.. soon our country will be car free. with all the gas pollution we in the air cars need to be banned from our country. many countries for example have already banned people from driving cars, like bogota,paris, and german. in bogota in stead of banning the cars everyday they what is called a carfree day in this car free day people either hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work or school. violators faced  fines. in paris they enforced a partial diving ban to clear air of the global city. if people dint leave their cars at home they suffer a euro fine . almost , drivers were fined. when the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party they only banned oddnumbered plates on tuesday. in german you are not allowed to drive a car but you are allowed to own one and if you do own one you must pay , to have it parked at your home.  vauban, completed in , is an example of a growing trend in eroupe, the untied states and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use.. the untied states needs to do something about the auto use. we should use the new trend to try and not use cars anymore or do what bogota does and have carfree days. this new trend woud help our contries and states. it was help the air not be as polluted as it is now. we dont want the air to get as bad a china or any other counties because then we really wont have a choice of a carfree day. people today should take the oppertunity and walk place that are close to home instead of driving places close to home and putting that extra pollution in the air. obama is rethinking about this trend because accordng the text  of young people driving has decreased witch mean either less people are going to be driving because they dont have a licenece or the young people will start to drive without a licence and not care. countries have open new programs where they get kids to go bike riding aound the block or country or to go hiking or just anything to save from driving everywhere. these programs are across the nation. many people do them adults and teens. instead of using multiple cars to go to school or workwhy dont yall just think about carpooling. walking or riding a bike. technology today makes people feel like their more connected without going out to drive somewhere to meet.  ..americas love affair with its vehicles seem to be cooling. a research company in  did a rea