the articles explain that the limited use of cars or automobiles is to our advantage. two reasons that support this theory is that one you wont have to stress about buying a car and making sure everyone has one, and second you will help to protect the environment from the harmful gases of automobiles. the limitation on cars may have its advanatges because, among the billions of people on this earth many of them own cars. many vehicles give off harmful pollution gases to the environment and can cause many endangering problems to people as well. evidence from source  paris bans driving due to smog can support the following... after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a parial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. this evidnce supports the fact that there was enough smog in the air that led to the prohibition of cars for a limited time. this is to the peoples advantage because they were now able to breathe fresh air instead of smog. another piece of evidence also comes from source  paris bans driving due to smog congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensyfying smog...the smog rivaled with beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. this evidence shows that smog causes pollution which is harmful in many ways. it also shows just how much of a difference just five days of limitation on vehicles can help reduce pollution. so the sooner people can see what banning cars can do to their health and wellbeing then maybe they will see what the love and cherish so much, can actually be hurting them. car limitations may be the best thing yet for america and other places in the world. by banning cars we could reduce a lot of stress and the worry about the payments and supplying the vehicle with gas. evidence that can support this comes from source   the end of car culture the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january ....recession, because cash strapped americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway. this explains that many americans cannot even afford cars. so they go about their days just fine taking public transportation or receivin rides from friends. so by banning cars we could actually reduce the stress of not having a car or making the payments on them... plus we would have better health. out of the estimated  billion people on this earth, it is not guranteed that all of them around the ages of  and above are equipped with a a vehicel of their own. evidence from source  the end of car culture can support the following  what most intrigues me is the rates of car ownership per househols and per person started to come down two to three years before the downturn, thi just goes to show you that not only are cars bad for the enviornment and peoples health but, they are bad financially for people to maintain and keep up. the automobile is what changed america back in the day. but it is causing some damae to us now. car limitations have some advanatges that are probably very beneifcial to us. we may think that cars are our only way of transportaion and that you need them to survive but, that is not necessarily true. cars are great but up to a certain extent.