i think that we should change from the electoral college, to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. yes, the elctoral college in good in some ways, but i believe the flaws it has out numbers the good things. when you vote you really arent voting for the president but for a slate of electors, there was the  fiasco, and there really isnt that many reasons to keep the current method of choosing our president. according to the article what is electoral college? the electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for the president and vice president, and the counting of electoral votes by congress. so you really arent voting for the president but for a slate of electors. elecotors can be anyone isnt holding a public office. who is picked as the electors depends on the state. sometimes theres state conventions, sometimes the state partys central committee, and sometimes the presidential candidates themselves. voters cant control who the electors vote for and sometimes voters get confused about electors and vote for the wrong candidate. there was also the  fiasco that was the biggest election crisis in a century, and the system allows for much worse, according to the indefensible electoral collegewhy even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong. there have been a few occasions where faithless electors have refused to vote for their partys candidate and casted the deciding vote for whomever they pleased. oh, and what happens if a state sends two state electors to congress? according to the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong it happened it hawii in . luckily, vice president richar nixon, validated only his opponents electors, but he made sure to do so without establishing a precedent. but whos to say it wont happen again? the electoral college does have some goods things about it as well. it states those things in the article in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president. . there is always a certainty of outcome a dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote is possible, but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. . it makes it everyones president.the elecotral college requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. which means no regions has enogh elecotrol votes to elect a president. . swing states, the winnertakeall method of awarding elecotral votes includes the candidates to focus their campaigns efforts on the tossup states. . big states, the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the malapportionment of the senate decreed in the constitution . it avoids runoff elections, electoral college avoids the problem of electionsin which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. now, you can see why i think we should change from the college electoral to election by popular vote. the electoral vote does have its advantages but i think the many disadvantages that come with it outweigh those advantages. when you vote you really arent voting for the president but for a slate of electors, there was the  fiasco, and there really isnt that many reasons to keep the current method of choosing our president.