the face of mars is not created by aliens, nasas viking s picture was only thought as  made by aliens because of the shadows. in  nasa took another picture of the face on mars, but with better resolution. it was proved that the face was in fact just a natural landform in mars, called a mesa. one reason this was not created by aliens was because the face was found around cydonia, a region in the red planet. a martian mesa were common around cydonia. first of all, it only looked like a face because of the unsual shadow that made it look like an egyptian pharoah. scientist from nasa even took picture of the face more than  times already, and as the resolution got better pictures of the face got more clear, and one can see that it is just another landform in mars that look like a landform on earth. scientists already proved that mars was once just like earth, which meant there were many different, odd shape landforms. even in earth there are a bunch of landform that look like something else, so this means that mars will also have odd shape landform. secoundly, one can be fooled by everything they see, even sugar look like salt. the point is, the face in  does kind of look like an eqyptian pharaoh but in the picture taken in  showed that it look like a common landform from the american west. just because it look like a face does not means it was created by an alien life form. currently there is no prove that alien life form even exists, if nasa ever found of about alien life form, the news will leaked out and the public will be able to see it. do not be decieved, you can not just make up random fact just so satisfied your curiousity, look at the facts more then make a guess on what might have happened. with using common sense, one can see that it is just another landforms in mars that look like lanforms from earth. one might be thinking nasa could jusy be lying to us, the government does not want us to find out about alien life form in the first place that might be true, but why would the government release this news out in the fist place if they didnt want the public to find out about any alien life form. in the article it even stated that a few days later after nasa sees this they release it out for the public to see. nasas scientist have already told the public about how they found new kind of landforms on mars, so thats one reason to know that there will be more that does not means that aliens created these monument. there is currently no proof that alien exist or even if they created this face on mars. currently saying, this is just another amazing landform found in mars that is unique abotu mars. it also looks like the face have eyes and nose, but it is just and illusion created by the shadows. in conclusion, you can say that this is an amazing landform that is created by god. it was release because nasa thought it would be a good way to engage the publin and attract attention to mars, which it did. it also make others believe in aliens more than they ever did. this was a winwin for both the public and the scientists. as technology advanced we can see more clearly that it is just a natural landform that exist in mars. it also proves that mars might just once be like earth because of their landforms. instead of venus as earth twins sister, mars and earth are look alike than ever. garvin, mars global surveyor even said it reminds him of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho.