did you know venus is the second planet from our sun? venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point from earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. you will learn why venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present. in the story  the challenge of exploring venus it talks about how the study of venus is worthy to be studied despite the dangers of it. in the article is said venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has surface valleys, mountains, and craters. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long frames of space travel this explains why the author suggest studying venus would be worthy because it can help us in the future with space travel. it also says nasa is working on other approaches to study venus. for example, some simplifed elecronics made of silicon caride have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and has lasted three weeks in such conditions. there coming up with ideas to study venus. other example thats shows why the author suggest that studying venus is worthy. in the article is said  nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientist to float above the fray this explains that scientist are trying different ideas to get closer to venus. they want to see how it looks. they also want to send humans to go study venus. in the text it said solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this explains that it make be it may not be easy for us to send humans to venus but they will survive. that is very good for us to send humans to study venus. the author most likely suggest that studying venus is worthy because it can help us with space travel. even though there are some dangers that it can present. it will be very exciting to see how other planet operates. those are my reasons why the author suggest venus is worthy to be study.