dear state senator, i ask you to change the voting methods to popular vote instaed of electoral collage because the candidates for presidency give no importance to small states that do not have many electoral collage votes focus more on those that have many electoral collage votes and candidates for presidency dont need to be the most popular of all to win the presidency. candidates dont really care for small states with small population because they know that they dont matter in the resultof them being elected as president or not. according to the indefensible electoral collage why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong by bradford plumer seventeen states didnt see the candidates al all, including rhode island and south carolina, and voters in  of the largest media markets didnt get so see a single campain as. you may ask yourself why they didnt see any of of this well one thing that both of them share is that they dont have as many electoral collage votes as other states like califoprnia that has  electoral votes. and its a winner take all the less popular candidate from the state doesnt get any votes at all. you dont have to be the most popular in the nation in order to win the precidency and its a winner take all. according to the the indefensible electoral collage why even the bestlaid defense of the system are wrong by bradford plumer voters vote not for the president, but for a slater of elctors, who in turn elect the president. for example when bush was running for precident he was not the most popular in the natuion and gore was, in the end bush was elected president for winning more the electoral votes then gore. this is unfair for many people because more then half the nation didnt want bush but yet he was elected without the popular vote. however according to in defense of the electoral collage five reasons to keep our despised methods of choosing the president by richard a. posner there is less likely to be a dispute over the electoral collage votes then in a dispute over the popular vote. it also requires a a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. the electoral collage avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. this is why i ask you state senator to change from electoral collage voting methed to the popular voting to elect the president of the united states of america because the candidates for presidency give no importance to small states that do not have many electoral collage votes and care more for those that do plus the candidate doesnt have to be the most popular in the to win the elections to become the president of the u.s.a.