in the article making mona lisa smile the author, nick dalto, provides information on facs facial action coding systems. i beilieve that this technology is valuable, because it could be used for educational, political, and entertainment purposes. the first reason that the facs system is valuable is that it could help students learn. dalto quotes dr. huang when he says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it coud modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.dalto . this technology would make sure that every student has the help they need if they are confused. dalto also says the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive  for video games or video surgurydalto . the facs could be used for medical training as well as every day learning. secondly, the facs could be used for politics. in the article dalto states  the can even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one.dalto . this applies to politics, because politions who are ingenuine would be easily caught. dalto furthurs this thinking by saying these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling polititian or celeberty isnt being truthful.dalto . this shows that this field of study is already applied to politics, but that the facs will only inporove our ability spot the fakers. lastly, this technology could be used for entertainment purposes. dalto mentions that mimicking facial expression is used in the acting world. dato say that an acting coach has his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning faces as a way of creating these emotions on stage.dalto . the facs could help these actors more accuratly display the emotions their characters are feeling. another way dalto says facs could impove entertainment is by saying the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video gamesdalto . making the characters in video games more expressive would have the same affect as making actors expressions more accurate. it creates a sense of realism and emersion to the audience, thus inproving the experience as a whole. in conclusion i believe the facs system could be very valuable in many ways. it can help students study, call out fake celeberties or polititians, or make entertainment better.