the introduction of the facial action coding system to the classroom is not an intelligent plan. the way the system would read a classroom to tell if a student is confused or happy would go well for some, but prove only to be a barrier for others, while also raising the issue of privacy. firstly, classrooms are required to focus on more than one student. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. paragraph . however, a computerized teacher cannot change the lesson plan for the whole class based on the needs of one student. if one single student gets confused, it is no benefit to the whole class for the teacher to go over the whole lesson again, especially if the student is not paying attention or messing around. this leads into the second issue. how would a computer handle a student that is not paying attention? then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.paragraph  however, even the most effective human teachers struggle to deal with some students. there are always students that refuse to pay attention, no matter how much the lesson plan is modified to suit their needs. modifying for the needs of the students would only be damaging to the class. speaking of damaging, there is the slight issue of the privacy of emotions. while there are no doubt many people that would be excited to bring this technology into the classroom, there are also many people who would probably take issue with a computer reading their emotions like a book. imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad., the article states in paragraph . while this is an exciting possibility, there are obviously many people who will say that this technology goes too far. a computer reading your emotions may open you to being taken advantage of, which is certainly not something anyone wants occuring to our students in the classroom. there will always be people who prefer to keep the privacy of their emotions, well, private. especially from a computer. these reasons are what i believe to be solid proof that you canno introduce a technology like the facial action coding system into the classroom. there are just too many issues that will need to be sorted out before anything like that can be allowed to happen.