many americans today use cars to commute from one place to another, like work or going to school. however, in recent times, car usage has significantly decreased due to its beneficial effect on many communities. based on the information given, there are many advantages of limiting car usage. one of many advantages of limiting the usage of cars is that it can help the community. with lower car usage, the communitys environment can potientally become much better. according to source , frances partial driving ban caused its congestion to go down  percent... after fivedays of intensifying smog. this drastic change in frances car traffic prevented further pollution and smog, which hurts the community. addtionally, limiting car usage can push more people into excercising more. in bogota, colombia, many colombians hiked, biked, skated... during their carfree days source . also, many parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city source . with an increase of excercise, the communitys people will not only become healthier and fitter, but prevent any more damage to the community. futhermore, lowering car uage will benefit the communitys patrons by providing a cleaner lifestyle. with limiting their car usage, the people of the community will save more money. according to source , although cars arent recommended, a carowner may buy a space, for ,, along with a home source . normally, a decent size house is approximately , to  , with parking as well. to add onto this, gas prices can become very expensive, especially to those to drive a lot. all this money spent on a pollution causing car can be put towards a childs education, or the communitys benefit. plus, the stress of ensuring a cars wellbeing at all times is eliminated as well, decreasing the amount of stress in citizens. addionally, people are more happy with limited usage of cars. people like heidrun walter have said im much happier this way source , because they feel safer and can provide more to the community. happier people in the community leads a much cleaner, stressfree lifestyle where its inhabitants are able to thrive more. the advantages of limiting car usage includes assisting the community and providing a cleaner lifestyle for its patrons. with a positive community, the future generations lifes will be enhanced. the youth of a community with a great outlook on the world will provide futher citizens with another fantasic community with the potential to grow and change. however, without this, the community will not thrive nor grow.