driverless cars are coming to every day lives. we have to accept the fact that we as a nation are advancing in every way possible. i think the idea of having a autonomous car is mental. if the nation had driverless cars, drivers would still have to do all of the hardwork, like weaving in and out of construction. its not safe having driverless cars on the road. the biggest question that goes through most peoples head is who is going to take the blame for the wrecks?. as a current driver i think the worst parts about driving are dodging pot holes, getting cut off at your exit, going through heavy traffic, and lastly driving through construction. these new driverless cars are still forcing you to drive through the pot holes, traffic, and construction. the surrounding towns and roads around my town is full of pot holes and there is always something going on that requires roadworkers and tons of construction. i stil have to swurve around pot holes even if i had a smart, driverless car. i would have to still sit for an hour in traffic. i would still have to reduce my speed to twenty miles per hour to drive through construction. the autonomous car doesnt take away the worst part of driving. you still have to curse in the name of sweet mother mary of joseph everytime you see the orange road signs or when you see around twohundred red brake lights. driving around in the driverless car is not safe at all. there is always going to be that one driver that sleeps, on the way home from a long, busy day at work. there would be vibrations in the seat that are supposed to alert the driver to take control when needed. deepsleepers and cars are not a good combination. a freght train couldnt wake the deepsleeper up, let alone a little vibration in their seat. the google car is supposed to map out the world and not make any mistakes or crash. recently a google car wrecked into a bus or truck. the vibrations in the seat didnt tell the driver to take control. driverless cars are not safe. when a autonomous wrecks who is going to pay for the damage? the manufacturers? the driver of the driverless vehicle? it would be ridiculous if the passenger of the driverless vehicle had to pay for the damages. the company should pay for every single wreck that their abomination has caused. having driverless cars is a terrible idea, and we should stop trying to change the way automobiles are driven. we have bigger fih to fry like upcoming wars, who is going into office, what do i need for dinner this week. all of those things are more important to think about than driverless cars.