venus has been in our solar systems life for trillions of years now. since the beginning of time humans have always looked up to to the sky with wonder and hope. hope that one day wed be able to take a better peek past our large atmosphere. one day we did finally achieve this by using spaceships and sateltes. even though we achieved this, like many humans wed still want more. theres always more to see out there in vast open space. fast forward many years later to present time. weve discovered most of the planets near our planet, earth. technology has even came so far to let us see things thousands upon thousands of miles past earth. even letting us have a glymps into other solar systems, but people still want more. its always a good thing to want to learn more than you already know. one of the major things many people want to know are what planets we might be able to call our next home. the two major planets being venus and mars. the author of the article, the challenge of exploring venus. breaks down this topic very well. the authors claim within this article is that how theres a lot of dangers that come with venus, but its still worth studying and examining. the author states, if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features that are analogous to those on earth. the authors claim is a claim that many could probably pick sides with. the author constructs some good points and informs the reader about venuss past while doing so. he even uses opinoins from other sources than his own words to back up his claim, these opinionsideas coming from the national aeronautics and space administration nasa. the author of the article states, the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one partiocularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venujs would allow scientists to float above the fray. . .nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbibe have been tested in chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and has lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this text shows how other people, even nasa may feel about the idea of traveling to venus. the author of this article ends the article very well. he finishes it off with encouragement to the exploration to other planets near us and how we should keep pushing thru the dangers that may lie ahead. the text states, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this sums up the essential idea being this essay. people more than likely can agree with his statements, although on the other hand many people may not. traveling to other planets may have its risks with it, but its always worth a shot. learning more about our other planets like venus can help us evolve as humans and help revolutionize the ideas behind space and the planets in space.