the author gives facts all the through the article about venus. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. saids the author. each previous mission was nunamed, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for mare than a few hours. the author explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study. which means for the author to get this much information about venus, is kind of crazy in a since. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degress fahrenheit, and the atomospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. the author has all of these facts, numbers, data, proof, ect, to back up everything that is being said through out this entire article. also, the author talks about the conditions of encounter on earth such as environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. the author supports the claim by telling us all of the facts and details about venues. that makes sense and goes right along with the article. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even through mercury is closer to our sun. i like how by reading this article, you can learn many things new things. that you might not have even known before. not just about venus but about our solar system as a whole. why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? the author creates questions through out the article to make the reader get into the article more. to get the reader thinking. the author gives reasoning. astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth like planet in our solar system. venus is a lot more important and more powerful than any. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather prersent additonal impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the author is taking in facts about venus and still asking questions. the author isnt going for anything less. the author begins to add the howevers. which indents to come up somewhere in this article. however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions. ..then the reasoning starts to approch because most forms of photography anmd videsography ineffective. its like a cycle through this whole article. the author brings out the facts then the reasoning behind it. with supporting the facts, the author tends to go back into the pass sometimes telling us how it use to be back in those times as well. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexabile and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. i like how the author is very careful with the wording and how shehe puts things.