making mona lisa smile in the article making mona lisa smile the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human motions. how people are feeling even when they are trying to hide their motions. in the smile of mona lisa is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. felt the experince of the mona lisa demostration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. people are feeling even when they are trying to hide their motions because in a new technology can describe the human motions. they know that the painting of mona lisa is  percent happy  percent disgusted they calculate the facial expressions for each emotion universal. the motions of any students in a clasroom computer are confused or bored. in the painting many know the feeling motions of her smile but have  percent happy in her smile. in the painting of mona lisa is  percent fearfun and  percent angry. this is painting to recorgnize for many people in all the world, because is an painting of leonardo da vincis. the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive for video games to learn more about the motions of people. an example of the text is perhaps dr. huangs emotion algorithms are a different sort of da vanci code. the theory of motion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. the mona lisa demostration expression is really intended to bring a smile to your face. the new motionrecognition sofware tracks these facial basic motions are happiness, surprise, anger, sadness, fear, and disgust. the facial emotions for universal to many students want to investige the painting of mona lisa. many use the same techonology for conclude the different motions of the painting. the students can talk about the experince of the mona lisa demostration of her emotions about a painting very good. in conclusion the author describes a new technology called the facial action coding system. because the technology help to know the emotional expressions to students. the painting of mona lisa is very famous in the world however many students can use the new technology to learn more about the human motion.