many people think that the face are created by aliens. myself thinking i dont think aliens are real. this face from mars in  is natural form from earth. were still researching on the real idea of what is may have came from in the pass years. also, many says it may be a reflected or shadow from something. other scientist conclude that it may be just rocks in a hug formation which resembles a human head formed by shadows or dust giving illusion of eyes, nose ,and mouth. they called it the face on mars. most of the commuication of it started in a hollywood film. appeared in books ,magazines, radio talk shows , even hauted grocery store checkoutlines for  years. i think theres just a rock with holes in the it , looking like a human face but no one will never know til someone takes the trip to find out. by many think it was aliens creating it, people just assummed that idea. other scientist still today wonder what it really is or how was it really created. there may have been a ancient civilization on mars years ago. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting for research to post a better and good viewer of the face on mars. im thinking , by revealing alot of research, taking pictures and not approving that the face isnt changed by the amount of days and years, that it may just be a natural landform and that theres no aliens monument after all. there will still be other thinking and having their own opinions about the face on mars. everyone wont just be satisfied with one fact or option about the face. still many and most scientist are till snapping camera shots of the face and posting them on the web. more and more people and scientist will have diiferent thoughts about it and the world will never know what is going and what is it really until someone actually observed face to face. in my opinion, i think by wasting time doing research on something so little that have been lasting for years, no one never had the time to really go observe the reality about the face. doing this research and conclude things will never tell the people answers about what the face.