a computer software that scans your face, just to see what your feeling. the company that makes facial action coding system is trying to encourage schools to have these devices in their classrooms. isnt it bad enough most of us is already trying to learn take test on computers? i dont believe classrooms should have facs at this point of time. i do believe that our world is making new developments on this type of technology, and their idea of facs could be improved on the near future. one of the reasons why i believe schools should not accept this software is because it could not be safe. yes, it is incredible to show emotions, but a camrea on your child while they work. it could be a little creepy or even stressful on them. when they work they want to feel at peace so they can work without destractions. if you put a camrea on a child they will get distracted, and feel an abondence of pressure they do not need. your child is at school, if the teacher can not tell a student is having trouble or bored, then there is an issue. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it coul modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. dr. huang predicts. personally if a child is getting bored or confused, why doesnt he raise his or her hand up, and ask the teacher to explain it to him or her better, or make it more exsiting. will some teachers get mad? possibly, but possibly not. teachers could take this feedback, and teach in many different ways instead of one or two certain ways, as facs does. teachers are all different and creative, so are the students. facs could make it easier, but some students will still probably get confused and become bored in front of a screen all day. students should stick with a classroom enviorment, and not a computer lab for  or more hours a day. they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. says the author in paragraph . i think its very impressive to use that material, but in a different enviorment. a school should be a safe place for students, teachers, and staff people. students should know by now that if there is something wrong they need to go talk to someone. now days so many things are happening in schools, it is completely crazy. some students are now having a lot more chances in speaking with a person in their school district, than they did back then. teachers and staff also should see the signs of emotions of their students. a computer software can determine these emotions, but can it help them? i dont believe so, and im sorry if you do not agree. facs is an amazing and fresh device people can use. in my opinion it can be a great material for counsilers and theripists. for schools though, i dont see it working out very well. what if a hacker sets in the computer, and can see what people are doing? new technology is scary, but maybe dr. huang is an amazing inventor, and has checked these terrifing details already. its hard to trust something you are not fully for sure about. this moment is our new day and age, eventually technology will be our new world, but please leave it out of the education enviorment.