use of facs in the classroom isnt it just the worst when youre frustrated with your homework, but your teacher doesnt seem to get the hint? this is why the facial action coding system was created, or partly. the facial action coding system would indeed be valuable if used in a classroom. it could be useful to kids, teachers, and parents of students. the facs would be useful to change course of the lesson, or to help teachers decide on lesson plans for following years. the facs uses its technology to evaluate the expression of mona lisa a painting. if the machine can figure out a nonliving paintings emotion, then what could it do on humans? the facs focuses on facial muscle movements to interpret the emotion of each item it scans. in the classroom, this could help kids by determining whether they understand. if a kid frowns, it can be obvious to the internet instructor that the student isnt understanding what theyre being taught. the instructor can then go into deeper detail on how to finish a homework assignment. in the case of boredom, it can help increase average scores. the software can determine whether a student is bored or not. if a student is bored, they will not pay much attention to the lesson, fall asleep, or maybe even shut it off. it is important to make sure the students are having some sort of fun with what theyre being taught. the software could detect boredom and the online instructor would know to put more animations in the lesson, or even change the sounds and add music or a new polytone voice. this software can also identify mixed emotions. if a student somewhat understands a lesson, but is also bored with it, the instructor knows to create a more lively detailed presentation. its important to have a reader of mixed emotions in a classroom because of the amount of uncertainty in students minds. it can also help the instructor know what lessons students understand and which ones they dont. the teachers can then decide what to do from then on, andor next year, which ways the kids learn and which ways they dont. the facs is valuable in the classroom because teachers can change their lessons to fit each kids needs, and change their lessons for the following students next year. each kid has their own personality, which requires different ways of learning. this software can almost guarantee improved scores in homework and tests because of how it helps teachers determine what the kids dont understand. having the facs in the classroom would deeply benefit the students, teachers, and parents. it would be the smartest choice to include this system into every student computer.