limiting car usage can have many benifeits, not only to limiting emmissions of greenhouse gases but also increasing health. putting a ban on cars on america might not effect us in a way that would be extremely inconveinient either,since the people of today have decreased driving. also, it would help tremendously with helping the earth and decreasing greenhouse gases and pollution. cars have always been one of the top causes of greenhouse gases next to power plants in america. in fact,  of greenhouse gases generated in america are caused by passenger cars. other places such as bogata, paris and germany have limited car usage or banned cars all together to help decrease smog and pollution to better their nations. it would be of benefeit to america to do the same, maybe not ban cars all together because that would put many big car companies out of buisness but perhaps for a day america could walk or bike or ride the bus to work to better our future. with the younger generation comes change as well. the developement of the unerground and busing systems have made it all together more conveinient to not take a car. most young people center their activities and jobs around places they can walk or bike to easily. recently even bill ford the chairman for the ford motor company said personal vehicle ownership is impractical or undesirable. he want to partner with telecommunications to provide systems where biking and public transportation decrease emissions and increase safety. the younger generation of adults have decreased their driving in america. in fact, it has decreased by  between  and  and baised on that statistic its ok to assume that its just going to go down. so, in reality a day without cars in america wont inconveinience us that greatly anyways. limiting car usage is benifeicial and an important step to keeping our earth clean. we only get one earth and biking to school or work every now and again is a sacrifice we should be willing to take to keep it for our future generations.