the advantages in limiting car usage in germany is to not buy one. heidrun walter said, when i had a car i was always tense. im way much happier this way. from people not driving cars, it reduces the greenhouse gas emissons. passenger cars are responsible for  percenet of the greenhouse gas emissons in europe, and  percent in the united states. from people not using vehicles, and walk or ride bicycles instead, they tend to take the suburbs to get around. the suburbs are more compact and more accessible to the public than your own personal car. now that they have taken away personal vehicles and gave them suburbs, the stores are a walk away on the main street, other than a walk on a distant highway. in the united states, the environmental protection agency promoted car reduced communities. while in paris, they banned driving because of the smog. on mondays, vehicles with evennumbered license plates were told to leave their vehicles at home or suffer a  fine. the same thing with the odd numbered license plates the next day. almost , of the drivers were fined because they didnt follow the rules and their cars got impounded. the cold nights and warm days caused the smog to form which made a thick layer of air to trap the car emissions. diesel fuel is the biggest issue because it makes up  percent of the vehicles in france compaired to . percent in western europe. when the smog cleared up on monday, the french party went after the oddnumbered licensed plates on tuesday and fined them. in bogota, columbia there is a program that was sent to spread to other countries, millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses, left the city and avoided the traffic jams. cars have been banned to the point were people can ride buses and be taxed with the day without cars in the capital city of  million. their goal is to promote the transportation and reduce the smog. for the first time, two other columbian cities joined the event. the parks and sport centers were fixed throughout the city. the uneven sidewalks have been replaced, rush hour restrictions have cut traffic, and new restaurants and shopping areas have cropped up. the end of car culture is president obamas goals are to change the united states greenhouse gas emissions. recent studies show that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as the years go on. mr. sivak said that when he was in his late s early s, he was curious about what kind of car he drove, but no one really cared as long as it got you from point a to point b. a study was done last year and it stated that young drivers decreased  percent between  and . at the mobile world congress last year in bill ford, barcelona and spain, the for motor companys chairman laid the business plan out for the world to see. he said to create the cities so the pedestrians, bicycles, private cars, and other transportation are brought into a connected network to save time, conserve recoursces lower the emissions and to improve the safety.