everyday the world makes advances in the frield of techonology. but what would the world look like with driverless cars? the results can be only one of two outcomes, a world that is a ittle bit easier or a world of complete chaos. driverless cars only make for more lawsuit cases, job loss, and dangerous glitches. yes, the correct, safe technology could eventually be worked out and perfected, but that calls for trial and error, a risk the world should not take. driverless cars are not something the world is ready for and this will only cause more problems. an accident in a driverless car has occured, and who is to blame the owner or the manufacturer? driverless cars are just lawsuits waiting to happen. the owner nor the maufacturer are going to want to take the balme when things go wrong. this then leads to a long drawn out court case of several individuals wasting time and money on something that could have been prevented. several accidents happen everyday between cars with drivers, but there is already a set way on how to handle these accidents. driverless cars will have to have a whole new set of rules and regulations. just as the article states, there will need to be a new set of laws initiated to handle liability. the only problem, no one wants to be liable for wrong doing. but there is a simple solution, forget the driverless car and let the driver do the work. the next issue with the driverless car is the fact that it will only create job loss. the economy already struggles with job loss as it is and with driverless cars it will only suffer more. the car will of course bring in engineers to work out glitches and fix software, but what about mechanics and taxi drivers? sergey brin elaborated on how he felt the driverless car would create a whole new form of public transportation. the mechanics will be replaced by engineers, and only visited every so often, if at all. the taxi system will be jsut about extinct, no taxi driver will be needed because the car will drive itself and give the passenger plenty of warning when needing assistance. this new technology will only destroy what is already working conveniently now. finally, all around the world there are struggles with technology. in the case of a driverless car, what happens if the car begins to glitch? there have been several cases in which a company has released a perfected product only to have it glitch or mess up in the long run. no matter how many test there are, you can never be sure that the car is one hundred percent safe. there is also no promise that a car with a driver is one hundred percent safe either, but at least that person has control. why should someone trust a car with their life? there are so many things that could go wrong at any moment. there are hackers, glitches, and a whole list of technolgy failing things. the engineers at berkley have made advances with a magnetic road, but the magnets could easily malfunction at any time. a car with a driver in full control is the best bet, driverless cars are just to risky. there are so many amazing things the world has done with technology, but a driverless car is just not one of them. there are to many faults that could occur, and peoples lives could be the consequences of these faults. with all the hackers and glitches out there, people can harldy trust that their cell phone will work at times, so why would anyone trust a car? a driverless car is a big risk, accidents will happen they happen with drivers behind the wheel. these accidents will only cause huge, drawn out lawsuits. also a driverless car will take jobs away from the people. just remember the next time you are asked to support a driverless car say no. do not let a car make the decision of life or death for you, choose to drive the car yourself.