when walking in the halls of my own school i see all kinds of emotion. in high school, you can probably find every single emotion in just one class. to me detecting emotions isnt hard. most teachers dont find it hard either. i dont believe that technology to read students emotions is a good thing. nor do i believe it would be a valuable source for a classroom. in my opinion, it would be another way to make society more like robots. cell phones have already demontized our emotions and ability to detect how someone is feeling. having a computer at school to detect how we feel would not be a good thing. i understand that computers are becoming more advanced. however, nothing can replace the prescence of real teachers. in paragraph , it talks about having a computer at school to modify the way a class is taught based on the emotion of a student. this paragraph goes on to say the way it would modify the lesson is, like an effective human instructor. to me this sounds like taking away teachers all together. which in the long run heightens the unemployment rate once again. teachers arent payed for the money. they teach because of the interaction they have with students which comes from emotion. as much as we talk about not liking homework and tests, many students have a relationship with their teachers. teachers can see when a class is bored and modify classes already as a whole. they dont need fancy equipment to do that. they were born with it as a part of human nature. a lot of people claim that the youth of america already spends to much time in front of a computer. this would be taking that theory to a whole new level. as students would literally have to just sit and stare at a computer for this technology to work. i think the use of computers to further an education is great. however, detecting what emotion a student is expressing wont help. in paragraph , the author states that this new technology can even state when someone is faking a smile. while this is great and extroidinary, what will the computer do to change the fake smile into a real one? lets be honest, who smiles in class while learning about statistics? interactive games to learn dont even produce real happiness. the students still know they are being taught and have to pay attention. if you see someone is sad, looking at them and detecting it wont help. even if you give them a tissue to try and modify how they are feeling, it still doesnt change their sadness. not to mention, how many people have the exact same interests? no one! with the technology to modify the lesson for students, they would almost need to fill out a form telling the computer what a student likes and doesnt like to fit a computer to a person. while being able to detect what emotion a student is feeling, the computer will not be able to successfully modify a lesson without knowing how to get the students attention again. it only knows that the student is either bored, happy, sad, etc. a computer cant know how to focus a student and get their attention based on their personality unless you program it to. which is a quality teachers are once again already equiped with for free. paragraph  states that there are only  basic emotions. however, what about confusion. the article as a whole never states how it would help a confused student. paragraph  breifly states that this technology will be able to detect a confused student, but how exactly will it modify the lesson to help the student? i havent yet touched base on the cost of this technology. while in paragraph  it doesnt state how much technology like this would cost. it does state that, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms. this would be yet another expense for schools that isnt needed. there are better technological things that a school could spend its money on. such as security systems or even more interactive classrooms to get students to move around and have fun at school again. teachers do a great job at reaching students to get them more invloved in class. once again they dont teach for the money. they want to change lives through real interaction with students. which to them is free of charge. maybe instead of a new fancy system we use the money to pay teachers more for what they do. facial action coding system will not help out a classroom. there are to many factors that computers cant detect that a teacher can. such as their emotion from the previous day. teachers know their students better then any computer will be able to. it will not increase they learning capability of students. it could quite possibly hold them back. a confused student doesnt know how to tell a computer i dont understand this, could you please help me? students dont need a fancy system to help them learn and detect what they are feeling. they really already know how they feel.