years after world war ii, the united states started a misson to provide automobiles to the american people.  years after the automobile industry has flourished a beyond words, with cars with wifi, touchscreen, and even hybrids. these are all great advances from were we started, but what if we limited our car usage? would we still be able to get from point a to point b? the answers to this question is yes, and in doing so we will be able to lower the amount of smog in cities,roads will be safer thus creating a better society, and large amount of cars are not needed due to the ability of carpool and something called walking. first i would like to draw to your attention that cars opporate on gasoline, which are produced from fossil fuels. when driving an automobile, a car produces smog which gets trapped in the air causing emissions. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united statesrosenthal. europe and the united states have the top sell of cars thus explaining the reason why they have the most emission. limiting car usage will help us reduce these frightning numbers. in the capital of france a law was put out preventing citizens from driving their car, this may sound unfair but the results were outstanding, paris has more smog than any other european capitals. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smogthe smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban duffer. the limiting of cars in paris resulted in the lowering of smog in the city. not only would the limiting of cars result to the lowering of smog but it would also create a better and safer community for everyone. each day while driving to our destitation we turn on the road to hear what road to avoid due to accidents. if the amount of cars on the roads were limited we wouldnt have to worry about an accident, or a road blockage. colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams selsky.not driving a car to work does not make you late if you planned it right you could hike to work, without worrying about being late because of some accident in your way.  its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution businessman carlos arturo plaza . without the large amount of highways,and roads on the streets cities can use the money they might spend to fix up the roads to build parks, sports centers, and even musuems. the city of bogota have already turned this idea into action. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven,pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic selsky.this action creates a better environment for us and our future children, thus making the world a better place. were in an era where technology could do anything, meaning we do not have to drive, or ride a horse just to tell our friends something important. with technology you could either message, facetime, or skype your friend. if you have a project you must type together google drive comes in handy. the internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends sheller. limiting car usage will not harm us because we in fact do not use them besides going from point a to point b. as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january  short. not only that but most people in fact have carpooling apps such as uber. in  a study found that young adults driving rate decreased. a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and  rosenthal. us young adults would rather carpool than drive on our own. i strongely believe that if we limit car usage the amout of smog in this world would reduce, roads would be better. mainly because its not needed as much as it was years ago.