today i am discussing the topic about the face. i am discussing this topic with someone who thinks that it was created by aliens. so today i am going to talk to him about it, and give him facts that it was indeed not greated by aliens. that it is just a common landform that is on mars. one reason is that nasa would say if it was there. we would tell people if it was really created by aliens. we would tell people because, it would be very benifitial for nasa. i mean nasas budget wishes there was an ancient civilization on mars. i there was why would we hide it. it would be one of the most greatest discoveries in nasas history. we could then really look into building a civilitation on mars because, we would know that it has been done before. we would want the world to know that nasa has found what once has been a civilization on mars. i not going to lie to you, it also would bring in alot of money for us. just like in the past it was a pop icon. it starred in a hollywood film, appered in books, magazines, and radio talk shows. we would want that all to happen again, so why wouldnt we tell. another reason is that we how such advanced tecnology now we would be able to see if there was an ancient civilization. one example is the pictures that was taken of the face. the camera that took the pictures spans . meters. so in the picture you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size. the point is if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground, or egyptianstyle pyramids, or even small shacks, you would be able to tell what they were. my last reason is that you can compare the face to common landforms on earth. it can be compared to something equivalent of a butte or mesa. a butte or mesa are common landforms around the american west. it can be compared to the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. that is a lava dome that takes form of an isolated mese, which is what probably happened on mars, because they are about the same height. so now you know my reasons why i think that the face was not created by aliens. those reasons again are nasa would tell becuase it would be benifitial to us, we have the tecnology to tell if something was there, and it can be compared to similar things on earth. nasa would want all of this to happen so why would we keep it all a secret?