driverless cars are comming. really?, driverless cars? that just sounds bad by its name alone. just by hearing the name i could only imagine the unnecesary tragedys that will take place if this foolish expiriment continues. driverless cars are not at all what we need in this world, i dissagree with the google cofounder, sergey brin, who invisions this. in my opinion i dont like the idea of it at all but i actually have several facts and resons why this vision of brins should not be continued, and will show you what mess this could all really become. first of all lets say they do make the driverless car, but when it comes out and some people dont want to buy it how will the mechanical cars act around those undecisive people who dont know where they are goingor turning? also how will they know what to do with those drunk drivers or those people who fall asleep on the wheel of regular cars? people now these days have accidents because of those reasons. when the other driver not drunk or not tired is fully aware of whats going on but is just to slow to react. so do we really think a machine will allert the driver when its there time to drive on time when that drunk driver is going fifty miles down the main road?, dont think so. there are so many inevitable things that are bound to happen if there is no driver in the car. secondly the cost of all these tests, sensors, and brakes are all a waist of money and time. they talk about the car being able to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids but it took ten years! yes i said ten, outrageous huh? instead of fantasizing over a car he forsees to use half the fuel of todays taxis he couldve been finding ways to make the car today use half the feul it does within those ten years, no blueprints for a whole new model or anything like that. lastly the law doesnt even think its safe for the crazy driverless cars to be driving around endangering the citizens of america like you and me. the only places in the u.s that allows brin and his team to use thier dangerous cars are in california, nevada, flordia, and the district of columbia. isnt it the law thats keeping us safe? then why is it that only four places in the u.s lets them test the cars? four out of fifty states...seems to me like the law is telling us that they dont want these dangerous driverless hunks of metal on our road hurting us citizens. this whole driverless car thing is a total waist of money, time, and work. they could be working on a way to make better adjustments on the car we have today that took so long for us to make and still perfecting till this day. its obvious that these driverless cars are just to big of a dream to make reality, next thing you know driverless bikes will be made or mailboxes that shoot leaders to the post office for you, or how about groceries that fly to your house! this is just an effort to make driving easier but driving is already helping us get to places faster then walking is,a lazy tactic i would say. the law says no, science says no, and i say no. driverless cars are just not practical ,i would rather drive, and i bet most of america does to.