cars are so important to some people , so why should it be taking taken away from you. espeacially if you bought it with your hard working money. some countries are starting to take cars away from some people due to their laws. in suburb,german david goldberg an official of transportation for american is trying to promot new communties that is less dependent on cars. in paris, they banned driving due to smog. lets not forget about colombia who has banned cars days after days and has force people to use buses and taxis. most mayors or whoever is incharge of transportion feel like the country needs a little ajustments. in german,suburb life goes on without cars. street parking , driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district. vaubans streets are completely car free , but some car ownership is allowed , but there are only two places to park large garages , carowner can buy a space for , or at their home. some people enjoy they moment with having cars. to them it feels like less stress , and also is saving money. vauban , home to , residents may be the most advanced experiment in lowcar suburban life. for the past two decades they have been trying to make the city more denser , and better for walking. though its causing less stress on some people, the other half are missing their cars. paris bans driving due to smong. after days of nearrecord pollution , paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. some days evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine of . oo , and the next the day the odd numbered plates do the same. almost , drivers were fined , according to an international news headqurtered in london. diesel fuel was blamed , since france has a tax policy that favor diesel over gasoline. finally the he smog cleared enough monday. carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, colombia. it was seven straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. this was a good cause in colombia. it was only to protect the people. for all my fellow citizens new changes are coming to your countries weather you like it or not. it only for the better or in some cases the worse as well. vaubans streets in german are now being car frees unless you somewhere to park or a home with a driveway. paris bans driving due to smog , for safty season. and in colombia it was the same thing with the smog , and now with the rain. colombia also had to protect their people as well with paris. these advantages of limiting cars usage is now being taken serioulsy.