throughout the years, computers and other technological devices have become very developed. due to this, human interactions have lessened due to advancements in social media and other technologies. in the article making mona lisa smile the author describes a new technology that enables computers to identify human emotions through the facial action coding system facs. this system can help build the computers capacity to understand human emotions in which benefits to humans through the comprehesion of their emotions can occur, like students in a classroom. the author of the article making mona lisa smile, nick dalto, gives a couple reasons why the facs technology can be useful for students in a classroom helping students to understand difficult topics and helping students to connect with the computer in order to learn more efficiently. the use of the new facs technology is valuable to the students in a classroom due to the students understanding of a difficult or confusing topic. in the article, dr. huang, a college professor at the university of illinois who is working on the development of the facs technology with another professor, explains, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor dalto. with computers understanding the emotional expressions of students during their comprehension of difficult or confusing topics, the help students gain will help them to learn more efficiently and become a better, smarter generation of students and adults. another reason why the use of the human emotion indentifying technology is valuable for students in a classroom is that the student may have a better comprension of topics when connected to the computer. it is known by many people that all students do not learn the same way because our minds are not the replicas of one another. some students may learn better when working handson other students may learn better visually with pictures many more students may learn better when typing or writing down their notes neatly. even though there are countless ways a student can learn, the environment in which a student works and learns in may not be suitable for their style of learning. some teachers may want all their students to take hand written notes, yet some students have to type their notes. though, the use of the facs technology can help the students who need to communicate with the computer along with getting a better understanding of the topic at hand, and now that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication...computers need to understand that, too dalto. students being able to learn better with their desired style of writing and the computer being able to comprehend and analyze the students emotions can help students struggling in their classes to work harder and improve daily. in the article making mona lisa smile, nick dalto, the author, explains how helping students understand difficult topics and helping students connect with the computer to efficiently learn topics with the new facial action coding system facs can be useful and valuable for students in a classroom. as society continues to growwith the technologies and machinesthe students of the newer generation have to keep up with the constantly improving machines in order to be successful. this seems impossible because the rate at which society and the world is improving is at a speed that seems impossible to keep up with, so improving computers and other machines to help improve the rate at which students can grow and learn can possibly help the future generation of adults to be successful in a world full of metal, sd cards, and algorithms.