venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. the author suggests that studing venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author supports this kind of good because there is so many new and good things that earth has never seen and would be nive to see it and if life could ever happen in venus. beside the fact that venus is really hot and not spaceship hass landed in venus because of the teprture of the surface and the atmosphere. venus tempature is average  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  time greater than what earth is. some astronmoers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth like planet in our solar system. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temeratures would still be tosty at around  degree fahrenheit. however peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the plantet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmospere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. many researchers are working on innovations that wold allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowleadge of venus. nasa has been working on other approaches to studying venus, for example some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condition. no matter how yhardee people try to make more things to go to venus the human curiostiy will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doudts but should be ecpanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. in conclusion i think that the author is right we should be studying venus because there is so many thing that we have to explore and so many good nrew things, and with the new invantions that nasa is making we should be getting closer and closer to be able to get closer to the suface and closer to the atmosphere.