have you ever read the story a cowboy who rode the waves? i know i have, its a book about a boy who is invited to europe and he becomes a seagoing cowboy after world war . this book includes being a seagoing cowboy, the seagoing cowboy has to take care of animals on a ship and a boy named luke explores first, the seagoing cowboy, a seagoing cowboy is a cowboy who takes care of animals over sea or on a boat. the seagoing cowboy in the story was no different he took go care of the animals. everyday he watered and fed the animals  to  times a day. when luke first became a seagoing cowboy he knew it was going to be alot of hard work so he worked as hard as he could. i can infer that if luke had not took good care of any of the animals they all would be dead. next, luke bomberger explores, in the story,it states that luke visited europe, china and he explored the atlantic ocean. and also the text states that luke also found time to have fun aboard the ship, especially on the return trips after the animals had been unloaded. i can infer that if i was a seagoing cowboy i would not survive working as hard as luke did. last, being a seagoing cowboy,by reading the text,being a seagoing cowboy is alot of work. in the text it says being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened the world to him. and in lukes own words he said it made me more aware of people of other countries and thier needs. also being a seagoing cowboy can be dangerous because when luke was night watchman on a rainy night, he slipped on a ladder and cracked his ribs but thankfully he didnt fall in the atlantic ocean because their was a small strip of metal along the edge of his side. i can infer that if that small metal strip was not there luke would most likely be dead. now you know how the seagoing cowboys worked, how they took care of animals and how luke explored. now, if you want to achieve something like luke did then get out there and show everyone that you can do what you dream to do.