who needs a car anyway? that is what causes polution in the world. driving all the time is not such a good idea. people are getting lazy now a days. what is wrong with walking? i love walking, i can get excercise and have fun because im with my friends. car riding can be exttremely dangerous too. first of all, driving a car could be very dangerous. for example, some people like to drive while texting which could result in a serious accindent. another reason is not paying attention to the other drivers near you. kids should not be behind the wheel of a car yet. i say that because they do not take as serious as aldults. teens also like to drive fast to show off or have loud music blasting, these are also advantages of limiting car usage. car accindents would derease dramatically. second of all, cars take up too much gas which takes up a lot of our money, walking would be super cheap because you do not have to pay to walk. driving around  makes us really lazy. walking to where we need to go gives us excercise, and quite frankly everyone needs some excercise or a little work out. the goverment will even make more pathways or trails for us to travel on. i understand if you are leaving town for a family vacation or going somewhere that is not walking distance, the city has various types of motor transportation, like city buses, cabs, bikes, and do not forget about our planes. third of all, im not saying completely get rid of cars just limit how much you drive. instead of buying car after car after car carpool with friends. that way you can still get to where you gotta go quickly and lower emissions. people do not drive as much as they used to, i found out by a study that driving decreased  percent between  and . lets try to make that  percent. people do not really care about a car, they just want a quick way to get from a to b. all we gotta do is find a safer more cheaper way for them to do that and the percentage will drop rapidly. in conclusion, limiting car usage can be improved by getting people to walk more. carpool with friends, ride bikes, takes buses, cabs, even planes to where they have to go. this will help our enviorment to be much safer and healthier. we not saying give up your car just try not to use it so much.