the face...something conspiarcy theorist have gripped on for forty years. it is just a rock with shadows, nasa uses a camera so good that it is possible to see an airplane from it, and if it was an alien construction nasa would publicize it just to be able to get more funds for the space program. come on people, you have got to get over the possibility of life on mars, we have been searching for forty years now. first thing is, it is just a mesa on mars. the shadows on it and the concaves give off the optical illusion that it is a face. there is no life on mars, therefore there is no way it could be artificial. there must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the jet propulsion lab when the face appeared on their moniters. but the sensation was short lived. scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cynodia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharoh. p.  this shows that no matter how people wanted to believe, there was just not life on mars. nasas camera spanned .  meters in . so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the gorund or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! p.  this excerpt shows that with a camera as such a high grade as this one that there was barely anyhting on mars surface that could be hidden. while there is the smallest chance of the consiracy theorist being correct about the structure being artificially constructed and such, nasa would let this out. lets go ahead and assume the theorist are correct. spot on. nasa has been cut off by the government and has to pay for all of their journeys. nasa would bring this to the public in the hopes of getting funds and people wanting to work there for the future that could be. some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. p.  this quote shows that nasa would quite appreciate the civilization on mars, if there was any. people have got to get over the possibility of life on mars, even if it was there it is probably as small as bacteria this moment. this hump of dirt and rocks is not a face, nasas cameras are so enhanced we would see signs of artificial construction, and nasa would tell us that way they could get their hands on some money. come on guys, its been forty years, give it a rest.