the auther supports him idea of exploring the planet venus very well he states the nolage they have on the planet, what to gain from the planet if they land on it and great reson why to visit it. there is a lot of factule evidence and thereys given in the artical. there is alsoa great number of reson why not to go to the planet but lets see some of the postive resons to resurch it. at the begging of the article there are some facts told about the planet we know as venus in other words the evening star. the planet as siad in the text has a clifs type surfes with craters. it is siad that even tho they arent the planet next t the sun they are the hotest planet in the solor syetem. exploring the planet would be like exploring the deepest parts of the sea. there would be a good way of exploring thr planet by blimp or by a sort of flying veacule to see the planet from above. secondary the planet gives of a very strong resemblens to earth and its type of featers. venus is in mostly referded to as earths twin because of there similaretys. they both travial at the same distince not like the other planets around them that traval at a faster spead. in the artical they state that venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size there tempeter averges about  degress fahrenheit its way over what we see in out own planet. there are a number of reson why nasa should quit the exploasion of venus. despiet the knowleg they could gain from the explorasions. last of all there are a great number of resons why not to explore the surfes of venus. no shingle spaceship has been on the surfes of venus in the last  years. there atmospher is  times greter then ours on earth. the conditions on venus are far to sever for just any human to live on. puting aside all those topics there weather is a constint natural desaster. they have frecuent lightning strikes, earthquieqes and other desasters. in counclusion there arent a lot of benufets to reching the surfes of venus but the auther in this story supports his ideas with facts and all kinds of theryes. they suport there ideas with facts and with what could go wrong. there is more then just the good parts of venus there is also the bad parts of venus.