the masterpice of leonardo de vinci  the mona lisa has the sign of happys to all of use but there is more then anyone can see. to make one mood you need to make the other mood to show as well , but not in a bad way. there is the facs facial action coding system , this alones people to see the mood of there faces by just scanning them. the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of student in a classroom is valuable because it shows what the students are feeling, why they are showing the mood, and what other moods they are felling in there mindes. this is valuable to students because it shows how they are feeling. when it comes to something that they know that isnt right they will show there feeling for it, but they dont show there ture emotions to the problem in hand. in paragraph  of making mona lisa smile, it states, eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fera, and sadnessand then associated each with characteristic movements of the tacial muscles. find out that there was six different types of emotion is a lot to give a perosn, most likrly these student will use all six of there emotions. student are valuable to the facs because it show them why facs scans for there mood. before they are to able to use this they have to know how to use the facs. in paragraph  of making mona lisa smille, it states, the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. movement of one or more mscles is called an action unit. to any of the student that will sound amazing, seeing how the computer pulls a d model of so ones face shows that they will enjoy the facs. student are valuable for the facs because facs shows wat other moods that they are having with out them even nowing they they are use all of there emotion. people in this world like to stay with one mood or more then one mood, most of the time its just one mood. in the  paragraph of making mona lise simle, it states, shes  persent happy,  persent disgusted,  persent fearful, and  persent angry. these are the results of the mona lisa and as we can see she has disgust, fearful, and anger in her moods as of right now. now we hae been going over why useing this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it shows what the students are feeling, why they are showing the mood, and what other moods they are felling in there mindes.think about how excited students will find out about thereself. what there wasnt no facs, how would we find out how we are feeling, by what sticking wiht the moods we been using alll day and night or by telling the way someone talks, move, and act how could tell.