the question is, is this technology valuable to telling what a student in a classroom is feeling? can it actually tell how someone is feeling by their facial expression? i think, no. i mean what is the big deal here? they cant actually tell what a person is feeling, right? well i for sure do not think so. of course you can look at someone and think they are sad by what they are saying or how they look, but they can obviously be acting like that to hide the fact that they are happy. or the oppostie. many, many people hide that they are sad with a big smile on their face. i just think this technology is pointless because people hide their emotions all the time. i know i do. for example, say you are at a family get together, and you feel unhappy about something, but your mom wants to take a family photo. youre going to smile in the picture but that does not neccisarily mean you feel happy. or for a school picture. you could be upset about something but of course you are not going to show that in a picture everyone is going to see. and why would you use the painting of mona lisa as an example. it is a painting! she might be smiling becasue that is how the artist wanted her to look but she doesnt feel that way! eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. sounds like he knows his stuff, but does he really? i agree that he can tell if a person looks sad, happy, mad, disgusted, surprised, or scared, but is that how theyre really feeling? id like to see them calculate how they actually feel. until then, my opinion is that this is pointless. a renowned drama coach, constanin stanislavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. exactly, acting is all it takes. that sentence from the article pretty much proves my point. so overall, in my opinion, i think this is not valuable at all and it shouldnt be used in a classroom to see how a student feels. it wont work.