the role a car plays in the life of an individual has made changes through out the years. there never was a significant meaning to having a car it just meant having a vehicle that can get you from point a to point b. as the human society continues to progress with the creations of technology, the use of cars has diminished greatly in different parts of the world. not being able to use a car seems like there is no bright side, but there are actually many advantages on limiting car usage. the united states always had this recognition of being one of the worlds prime car cultures. the first model t cars were born in the u.s. it has also been the place where wilson pickett immortalized mustang sally. president barack obama identifies in the article, the end of car culture, his dreams for the u.s to curb the united states geen house gass emissions will get a forturious assist from an incipent shift in american behavior. going back to the article as reference, studies show americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by... as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak... there was also a drop in percent of  to  year olds getting a license. the cause of the downfall in car usage can be pointed towards a few factors internet making telecommuting possible, the renewal of center cities, and the rise of cellphones and carpooling apps. it is not because society assumes cars are becoming of no use, the role of technological improvements are making things a lot easier than how things were in the s. the united states has the option of using cars or not, in other places like paris, the option to drive has become a choice made out of a persons own power. paris, france is a location that anyone dreams of visiting. the city is beautiful but the levels of smog have made it impossible for people to enjoy the views of the city. according to the article, paris bans driving due to smog , it has been enforced to the citizens of a partial driving ban in order to clear the air... people were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine which is  in the united states. the way things are organized in paris goes by a persons license plate number. in correlation to the article, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifiying smog. however, not all of the cars used in paris, france were banned. those cars that are plugins, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers were allowed to roam the street of paris. a good majority,  percent, of vehicles in france are made up of diesel, and that kind of fuel were the ones to blame since gasoline was not in favor in a city like that one. in the same way, places like bogota, colombia, had similar situations as the peolpe that live in france. in the country of colombia there has been a day dediated to doing things with no car its a carfree day. in contrast to how banning driving is in paris, bogota, colombia has everyone participate in this  hour event. if a person were to violate the rule they are to face  fines. the article, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, explains that millions of colombians hike, bike, skate, or take buses to work during the carfree day. just like the goals in paris, colombia has goals to promote alternatice transportation and reduce smog. a businessman, carlos arturo plaza, explains its good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. no one would everythink that driving is as stressful as going to work. when put into mind, things begin to make sense. the early mornings of road rage people encounter makes their entire day a little more stressful than what it should be. driving is a wonderful advantage but there is always more than just a car. colombias main goal, as expressed in the article is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. in the end of it all cars have always been in the making trying to find new ways to improve and modernize. although cars may have had significant meanings in the older times, as society continues to prosper in technological making, cars are beginning to be identified as material objects that are not as important. they are just in use for people to get from one place to the next when other things are not working.