have you ever been sick just because you went outside, maybe it was because of the air pollution that thousand of cars give everyday. so dont you you ever wonder how it would be like if there were few cars, would it make a difference on the world. many people are strating projects to see how it would be like to have no car. residents in vauban, germany have given up there cars a become surburban pioneers. they walk or ride there bicycle were they need to go. heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two said that when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. so shouldt we try having few cars around. not only i vauban promothing a free car zone but also in the united states, the environmental protection agency are promoting car reduced communities to reduce the smog on the world. did you know that paris ban driving due to smog. paris was typically had more smog than other europeans capitals but duo to the banding many people had there car impounded for their reaction to the fine and conestion was down to  percent in the capital of france. bogota, columbia strated a program call a carfree day, millions of columbia hiked, biked, skated or took bus to work, leaving the streets devoid of traffic jam. the goal of this program is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. many people were happy because the parks and sports center have bloomed throughout the city the ,uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broed, smooth sidewalks. also rush hours were restriction have dramatically cut traffic. would you love to ride the car with your frieds instead of the old same rutine of being alone all the mornings on your way to school. like kids that make new friends when they ride the bus to school wouldnt like to meet new people like that too. many people dont like riding their bicycle to work because they would get dirty. but isnt it better to be dirty than live in air polluted word that affects your life. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent inib the united states. fewer people are buying less cars years is a start that people are not depending are cars that much. a study shows that cars driving by young people decreased  percent between  and . should we help the world and reduce global warming. we still cars but we should retuced haw many we have. lets improve our safety by reducing have much we use cars.