the creation of these car will truly define what our generation is made of. selfdriving cars is a great idea and process, although it may have many faults, it may reduce the risk of car accidents. driverless cars are a great advance in technology and with the perfect twists and tweaks, these cars could impact our futures majorly. driverless cars may reduce the risk of accidents, help the driver multitask in a way, and seem very efficent in achieving the goal of changing our future. self driving cars is a unique idea and it very well may be our future. self driving cars could help us reduce the number of accidents. the idea of the car assisting us is a great factor into why these cars could be useful. in paragraph  it says, tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. that leaves a little room for the driver to make decisions. that means the driver is still in control. the only safe car has a human driver control at all times paragraph . the car is not driving itself, it is assisting you in the fact that you are in control of what the car does or doesnt do. with the tweaking of these cars, i feel as if this would be a conveniant idea, and help reduce the causes of car accidents. texting and driving is one of the greatest factors to the cause of motor vehicle crashes. the ability the smart car has to help the driver multitask could help if not stop the crashes caused by someone texting or paying attention to something else. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves paragraph  with the ability to do practically any driving skill with little help by the driver, this could very well give the ability of multitasking to drivers. knowing that being able to eat or text while driving and having no troubles may help the effect texting and driving has on cars and drivers. the self driving car seems like a consistent idea. with technology on the rise we very well could have the perfect car to fix all our problems. all of the car manufacturers are trying their hardest to do whats best for drivers. they needed a whole lot of sensors paragraph . with the improvements on things like the sensors, this car could be one of the greatest accomplishments ever. further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own paragraph . this goes to show that they are taking advantage of the new opportunities they receive each and every day. this use of technology to help the car could help lead to one of the greatest improvements in our era. with driverless cars, our whole lives could be changed. the reduction of accidents and deaths will drop with these advances. a car that can do the impossible can very well be our future. with these cars and their assistance, the sky is the limit. a very creative thought, that is not only interesting, but efficent in what it does.