the author presents both positive and negative aspects about the diverless car by listing all the positives about it and then the negatives that people dont know or like to hear about it. this idea has swept across the country and everyone has there own idea on it. it has everyone thinking if its the right thing to be on the road or not. it helps people out alot but then it may back fire and not be the best choice for them. everyone has their own opinion on this world wide idea. there are lot of positive aspects to it. for instance helping the disabled people get around. instead of asking for a ride and making things harder. they can have a diverless car. also for people who are tired or sick that may fall asleep or get destracted at the wheel. this can prevent accidents and dealths from accuring. there are also sensors on the car that alert people when a accident may occur so that the driver can take control. these sensors are all over the car, and are in places that the driver can not see. like in the drivers blind spot of course and where they are not able to see car, people, and other objects. it also helps with accident close near, and traffic jams too. not to mention you can relax about having to go the right speed limit and about trying to multie task while driving. it is a great asset to the future. however the car is not garunteed to be completely safe, and for you to not pay attention to the road and other around you still. there are some negatives to the car. for instance the car could still get in accidents. something in the car may still go wrong and you may not know it. then if you get in the accident the person in the driver seat is held responsible for it all. also it is not legal in some states still. so you cant just drive it wherever you feel like. another con about the car is it may not know where to go. if you want to stop through a fast food, how would the car know how long to stop for? same for picking up precriptions at the pharmacy, or just meeting people and getting out of the car to talk. is there a timer or what? what happens if you want to go somewhere else while you are on the way to the first place? does this mean you have to pull over to a safe location and type all the information in?many people question these things because if something were to happen it would come back on them. although it may be nice for some people, others may deal with other problems with the car. my position with the driverless car idea is that i dont think its necessary. although there are a lot of positive aspects tot it. its not a garunteed safe ride home. the car can still get in accidents, and if it does hit anyone, or something you are completely responsible for all of it. the blame comes back on you. i think that this idea will make people get lazy even though the drivers are still suppose to be watching and being alert. you cant rely on the car itself. not to mention you can put your life and others in danger by this. this information states that yeah there are some positives to the driverless car, but it can also be a mistake that you made by buying the car by your life and others being in danger.