when people grow up they have choices to make and they have to decide if something is worth the risk for the outcame they may or may not recieve. in this article the author discusss why studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author supports the idea of studying venus with, venus will lead to new discoverys with the help of technology, still having more to explore, and being able to learn things we have never known or seen before. nasa still has more opportunites to make new technology. with new techology nasa will be able to land on venus and discover new things, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss suface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this advancement in technology may allow people to be able to land on venus and allow us to discover venus. the author shows that studying venus is not far along with the technology. venus still has more to be explored venus is a planet that we have been on the edge about, because nasa is unable to land on venus. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this shows that we have not been able to land and explore venus as we would like. which is not allowing us to explore venus liek we have done with the other planets. venus is a planet that we know about but have been unable to explore and find out its unknown things. the author discusss how we still have more opportunities to learn about venus. the authors gives reasons on why we cannot land on venus, which doesnt allow us to study venus like we should. we are not able to find out venuss truths. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challening planet for humans to study, despite its proxmity to us. this shows that since we have not been able to get to the surface we still have alot of unknown things to learn about venus. and that we are needing to keep studying venus despite its dangers. in this article the author discussed why we should keep studying venus. we should keep studying venus to learn new things, we still have more opportunites to discover with the use of advancemnt in technology, and we still have more to explore about venus. nasa can finds its truths that are hidden to us. being able understand venus is worth the risks.