the author suggest the idea of visting the planet venus in mnay diffrent ways. the author states how similar venus and earth are and how venus is  the most earthlike planet in our solar system in paragraph four. going to venus would help us learn alot more about the planet and how it works. going to planet venus could be very dangrous despite how close it is to earth. venus is also very close to the sun  venus is the second planet from our sun  it is very similar to earth in various diffrent ways. the author states in paragraph four  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the only problem is the temperatures in venus. the author mentions in paragrah three  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experince on our own planet. venus not only has insane temperatures and very high atmospheric pressure, it also has other dangrous factors, in paragraph three the author also mentions  beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like errupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the author shows us how going to venus would be very tough also very dangrous. despite the dangers of going to venus the author states it is something worthy to pursuit. the author mentions that nasa is working on other aprroaches to study venus. in paragraph seven the author says  nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted up for three weeks in such conditions. the author goes on to say that even though this is a challange it could lead us to something good. the author ends this by saying  our travels on earth should not be limited by the dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innvovation. going to venus would be incredible even considering its dangers. we just need to davople the right equipment and teghnology to be safe through the conditions.