why should we study venus? what would we as humans gain from this? these are the questions that the author leaves unanswered and doesnt support. the author does an excellent job describing how we can go to venus, but he only provides two reasons as to why we should explore venus, and also poorly explains those reasons. his first reason is that venus might have been the most earthlike planet. while this is a good reason to explore the planet the author fails to elaborate why this should make people want to explore venus. he couldve said something along the lines that learning how venus went from an earth resembling planet to the unhabitable planet it is now could help us take care of own planet. the author does not make any attempt to show why this factor would make humans want to explore venus, instead he just explains how similar the plabets resemble each other. and none of this could even be true because it is not known for sure that venus once was the most earthlike planet. the author even says that it might have been, not that it was, but that it might have been. the second reason the author uses to support his claim is because humans have a curiosity that will likely lead us to many equally intimidating endavors. much like his first reason this is a great one but he also fails to accurately explain this reason much like the first one. humans do have a curiosity which makes us want to explore things but why should this allow us to ignore all the dangers that come with it? paragraphs before the author gives this reason he tells about all the dangers that venus has, he says that the atmosphere is almost  percent co, that temperatures average  degrees fahrenheit . and that atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. after lisiting all the dangers venus has he then says we should becuase human curiosity makes us explore things, but he says that after giving all the reasons why venus is dangerous. sure the author gives great examples as to how people could explore venus like with a blimp and how they could make exploring venus easier, but just because we can do something doesnt mean we should. exploring venus and new technology wouls cost a lot of time and money. maybe the author couldve said that venuss natural resources would make a lot of money. that would be a great way to support pursuing venus because people would do a lot for money. the author has a very reasonable claim about how humans should explore venus, but he poorly explains it. the authors two main reasons couldve been very convincing if he had thoroughly explained them and shown that venus is a worthy pursuit depite the dangers. the author makes readers think the other way because he also gives many dangers venus has, and this would make people not want to pursuit studying venus. the author does a great job explaining how we can explore venus, but a terrible one explaining why we should explore venus.