the new technology , facial action coding system could be one of the best idea someone could come up with. at the same time ot could be bad for some people base on how they are feeling. reading somones emtions could be amazing. it kind of make you feel like you can read mines and people feelings sort of like a sykit. everything for the technology would be base off people movements, the movements in their muscles. that would be called an action unit. this type of technology can actually help people. when someone is feeling down at school the teacher can help them brightening they day up.  the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling as broadly. basically if the computer can tell if you are feeling some type of way it would just go by the facial movement in the muscle. sometimes can tell how a friend is feeling simply by the looks on their face. of course, most of us would have a hard time noticing if a someone is happy, or worried. some people dont show no emtions.  yet dr. huang observes that artists suc as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. if you dont show no emotions how could someone help you if you are feeling down and you need a shoulder to lean on. you cant be sad or mad , etc. forever. just on showing someone what the computer can do can put a smileon someones face. the mona lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do. imagine a computer that knows how you feeling and somebody elses feelings. if somebody is feeling down and you dont know that you can help them , like tro to make them happy so they can release the pain, sadness, or anger from their body. you dont want no one to stay mad or something because it can cause it to build up anger. most human communication is nonverbal, including emtional communication, notes dr. huang. so computers need to understand that, too. you also can tell if someone is mad by they eyebrows are the way they squint they lips, can tell if you are mad or happy. most people say if your eyebrows are frowned down you are mad. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. the new technology can best one of the best ideas and change the world.