luke thought he couldnt give up this opportunity of going to the europe on a cattle boat. it was only a opportunity of a lifetime but luke couldnt say no. the story is kind of telling us if theres a only one lifetime opportunity then take it because it could go away and the chances of getting to go is probably in a couple of years or one year. luke couldnt give it up, it was special to go. luke wanted to go was because he knew it probably once in awhile and that his mom or dad or family member couldnt afford him to go to the europe on a cattleboat. luke instead went with his friend, don, because it was nice of don to let him come with him. that was so nice to don. not a lot of people is that nice to their friends, in fact a lot of friends are a lot mean to their best friends instead of caring for them. i know this because,  he knew it was an opportunity of a life time. joining the program is very good news because not a lot of people gets to join the prgram because of a, they have a lot of things to do, or b, they cant afford anything. luke probably thought itll be interesting to go join the program they have. joining the program is like helping out something, maybe helping animals, nature, the earth, and the environment. to join the program i think its going to be like doing hard work and helping with a lot of stuff and of coarse helping with other people with their work. also the thing is that you got to be a hard worker to join the program other wise you probably couldnt get the thing. of course the reasons luke joined in was probably because he wanted to help even though it was kind of challenging but luke knew he had it in him. i know this because in the text it states, but he couldnt work for a couple of days because of cracked ribs. its like telling us that luke didnt know this was hard. luke posibly thought itll be easy for him to do. but it sucks to have a few cracked ribs and not going back to the job he had. in the text it states,  tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time. also i know,  to help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more,  nations joined together to form unrra the untited nations relief and rehabililation administartion. luke is or maybe a hard worker when it comes to things that includes hard things in a job. luke knows what to do since its like his job to do what he was asked to do right. luke was strong about when he cracked his bones. he gotten more stronger. luke went back to his job and did it more better. luke is probably a nice man then anyone else there in the group. luke deserves much better than this what happened to him on the job he was doing. in the text it states, caring for the animals during the crossings kept luke busy. also i know,  by the time he was discharged in , luke has made nine trips the most of any seagoing cowboy. luke liked being the seagoing cowboy and he thought it was an amazing adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the worled for him. he is grateful of the whole thing. in the text it states,  im grateful for the opportunity, he says. luke thought it was very aware to other people and thathe could do this whole seagoing cowboy thing and be very cool about it. luke had more fun because it helped the people in other countries in need like he possibly did at first. luke thought this was awareness stayed with him. i know this because,  and that awarreness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and echange visitors for many years. in the text it states, helping out on his aunt katies farm as a boy had prepared luke for hard work, but not for the dangers at sea.