in , viking  snapped a photo of what looked to be a egyptian pharaoh. a few days later nasa released the picture to the public. the face on mars became a pop icon. it starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! some people still believe that the face on mars is the work of aliens. i believe the face on mars is not the work of aliens, but a natural landform. the article gives good evidence that the face on mars is just another weird natural landform on mars. in paragraph , conspiracy theorists claim the face on mars is bona fide evidence of life on mars and evidence that nasa would rather hide. in paragraph , nasa unveiled the image for all to see in . the caption noted, a huge rock formation...which resembles the shape of a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars which it certainly did just that. the authors of the article wanted to attract attention towards mars and nasa even claimed that it was a huge rock formation in the caption. later, stating that shadows gave the huge rock formation the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, micheal malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times shaper and clearer than the original viking photos. the picture taken in april of , would most likely not have shadows to give illusions of the face, nose, and mouth. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing...a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. nasa again stating and proving that the face on mars was just another out of place natural landform on mars. on april , , a cloudless summer day in cydonia, mars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view, said garvin. marlins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maxium resolution. here again we can see nasa trying to prove that the face on mars in still just a weird natural landform on mars. someone who stills believes that the face on mars is the work of aliens might say something like this. the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april a cloudy time of year on the red planet. the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps alien markings were by haze, skeptics claim. however, that was back in april of , and the most recent photo taken was back in . the photo taken in april , the weather was perfecta cloudless summer day in cydonia. the photo taken that year still looks like a natural landform on mars. the excellent reasons stated above prove yet again that the so called face on mars is just a natural landform. nasa has clearly proven that the face on mars is just another strange landform on mars.