in many places around the world people own cars and drive around almost every day. but what many people dont know is that cars can release harmful gases that can hurt the earths environments. three reasons why limiting car usage in your community is good is because it prevents traffic, it helps the environment and your community, and we dont really need cars to live our everyday lives. limiting car usage in your community is good beacuse it prevents traffic. everyday, people use their cars to go places even if the place their going to is down the street and that causes traffic some times. for example, in paris there has been days of nearrecord pollutions due to traffic so paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air from pollution. they said every monday motorist with evennumbered license plate were ordered to leave their cars at home or face a  euro fine. this ban helped because congestion dropped  percent in the capital of france just after five days of the ban was set. another reason why limiting car usage in your community is good is because it helps prevent pollution to the air around you. cars can release gasses that can harm the earths environment and the community around you. which is why in the united states the environmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities much like the one in vauban, germany. these car free communities consist of a small town where the usage of cars is illegal, you are not even allowed to own homes with a garge in it. this is very good for the environment and can prevent air pollution. we should limit how often we use cars because we dont really need them to get around and many countries beleive so too. for example in bogota, colombia there is a program that was set to spread out to other countries, during this program millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work. one reason why these people might have done this is because any one who violated this rule would have been fined  but the main goal for this was to prevent smog in their countries environment. the turn out however was huge! even when there was rain it didnt stop them. the mayor of bogota said the rain hasnt stopped people from participating and now for the first time two other colombian cities, cali and valledupar joined the event. there are many reasons why we should limit the usage of cars in our communities because it prevents traffic , helps the environment and because we dont really need to use cars so often , take colombia for example. so lets take action and follow the steps that many countires and communities are taking to help our communities.