professor thomas huang of the university of illinois has made a great leap in technology that can recognize the emotions one might project. with his collegues, prof. huang developed the facial action coding system, or facs. it utilizes human anatomy to help indentify the intensity of emotions and what range of emotions one might feel. as facial emotions are universal in the muscles that are engaged to produce those emotions, having this technology in different environments can help with productivity and learning. an application of facs can prove useful in a school enviroment, as it can provide tailored learning, emotional aid through school counseling, and can aid in learning anatomy. as proposed in paragraph , the use of facs can allow for tailored learning through webcamera software. if the software can be used to detect the emotions on the faces of students, it can identify the emotions associated with success and frustration. if the facial scan sees that a student is struggling with an assignment or is frustrated with it, the lesson plan and the problems given can be altered to maximize what is learned as mentioned in paragraph  with prof. huang writing, a classrom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this application can aid struggling students and familiarize students with the given material, meaning that the students can further comprehend the lesson given. for students are exceeding the requirements for the assignment, emotions of happiness could allow for students to face a challenge with tougher problems than the ones given previously. as seen in the paragraph above, facs can aid in online learning, but it can also help with emotional help provided by a school counselor. though it is a profession that entails the analysis of emotion in teenagers, emotions can be tough to read for even the most experienced in the field. facs could play a big role in identifying what emotions students might have in the name of bettering their life. as mentioned in paragraph , humans can differentiate between various emotions when looking at the face of an friend or family member. however, the length of that analysis can only go so far to prove what a student is feeling. employing facs could help counselors talk one on one with students about what problems they face in school and at home. talking through these problems can lead to a more positive outlook on life and could allow for more engagement academically regarding the student. as a whole facs can improve school life and culture. lastly, facs can play a large role in the education of anatomy, not only in high school, but in college as well. paragraphs  provide simple examples of muscles involved in movements that indicate emotions from the zygomatic major and risorius to the orbicularis oculi pars plpabraeus. utilizing the facs can help students identify major muscles and their functions by using different emotional expressions. since emotion is scientifically proven to be evoked by emotional expression as mentioned in paragraph , the results of which emotions are present can be more accurate. having the ability to identify and associate muscles on a personal level with the aid of machinery allows for the knowledge to be kept with personal association, making facs very important in this field of education. facs can help memorize those muscles and retain knowledge about their function from a simple facial analysis. an application of facs can prove useful in a school enviroment, as it can provide tailored learning, aid in school counseling, and aid in learning anatomy. as explored in the paragraphs above, facs provides a wide range of oppurtunities for schools to engage in different forms of learning and measuring progress with its aid. with a universal impact in many different aspects of school life, facs can revolutionize what teachers and counselors think is best for students. the software provides a scope of use not limited to just science, but to schools and companies who can utilize facs for learning and for projects in the future.