hello fellow drivers, you have probably already heard about how driving less could make the air polution from being so bad. well its true it is a fact that has finial got the research to prove that it would help the greenhouse emmsions from being so bad. in vauban germany residents of an upper class community have done away with ninety precent of car driving, having only two places to park on the outskirts of the community. this has proven that by elimatating most car useage it makes people happier and less stressed out and helps provent the poplution that is cause by cars. im much happier this way, said hiedrun walter a resident off this lavish community. when you hear the word smug what are your first reactions? it is this nasty poluted air that has trapped car emissions leaving a blaket of greyish air this is caused by cold nights and warm days. it is not good at all. when this happened in paris they banned cars from driving on certian days. if you have a lisense plate with an even number then you are not aloud to drive on mondays, or if it is odd numbers then you are not aloud to drive on tuesday. until the smug has gone away. in bogota, colombia a peogram that has been going around made its deput there for the first time. the program bans all use of cars excludeing taxis and buses,  millions of columbians could have been saw walking or biking or hiking all around columbia. they also got to other cities to join in and participate in this event. in the past few years in america the car driving avrage driving rate has droppped back to the rate it was in  this is a complete shocker they believe we have hit the peak of driveing and it is dweendling very rapidally. tis they believe was because of the recession and that people are just not as intrested in getting there lisense like they once where. the number of miles driven in the united staes peaked in  and dropped steadily there after in all this i hope you decide to make the right desision and choces to save the planet.