driverless cars are a new and unique thing that has been dreamed about since the inception of the automobile itself, no longer is there the human error in driving. i for one, strongly support driverless cars. there are many reasons why there should be an allowance for driveless cars, but there are also some disadvantages. with driveless cars, the room for human error is completely removed, we are not a precise as a computer with radar, sensors, other digital devices. we as humans can become distracted and unfocused when driving, but driveless cars cannot, greatly reducing the number of accidents. also, google car has been on the road since  and has not had a single accident. whereas there are hundreds of wrecks, accidents, and casulties due to human error. there are of course the posibility of glitches, malfuctions, and other bugs that may affect the system, but when propperly ironed out and taken care of by the manufacturers, it should provide a much safer expierience on the road. another reason is that all driverless cars still need a drive to some degree. this could be seen either as good or bad. i personally see it as good. you do not have robot cars rolling around the street with no supervision or abillity to override in case of a malfucntion in the computer controlling the vehicle. all the person in the vehicle needs to do is take over the wheel drive how we are currently. driveless cars are part of the continuing and growing field of technology where there is rapid progress and advancements. it is part of an everchanging field that is full of constant innovations and changes. if a driveless car is not precise enough to drive through construction zones or the scene of an accident, it will be able to eventually due to how quickly technology evolves and builds upon itself. it will continue to expand in both predicable advancements and those we wouldnt have thought of. while there is some concern over whether we should allow driverless cars, i myself fully support them and their development for a number of reasons, such as the removal of human error, lack of accidents, requirement of a driver, and constant evolution. i believe that it is only a matter of time until what was considered fiction in the past becomes a reality in the future.