venus is called as the evening star and it is the birghtest point of light in the night sky. however, this nickname is wrong as venus isactually a planet. in our solar system, it is the second planet from our sun and is the closet to earth. therefore, it is a challenging study for human about venus. hence, there are some claims and reasons where the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger. firstly, scientists are discussing futher visit to venuss surface because it is the one and only planet that is most earthlike in our solar system. this is proved in paragraph  where venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. futhermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planet visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. in my opinion, we can explore venus by using technology as it is most similiar planet with earth. because of the polution, the earth will be no longer to be safe and we need to find another place yo live in. thus, venus is a good idea where the scientists can work on it to find a way for human to live in there. secondly, venus is a worthy pursuit despite danger because human can actually live in venus. this is told by the evidence in paragraph  where the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has a possible solition to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as out jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehivle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. at thirtymiles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exeed earth level. so, venus has the most likely conditions as we have on earth. it is a good idea to explore venus and make it same as earth for living. although it has no easy conditions, but it is survivable for humans. hence, the scientists can work on it to be prepare on the baddest thing that will happened on earth. thirdly, the author says that venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents because the scientists can examine some of the contents on venus by using specific old technologies. so, why not we try and see? in paragraph , nasa is working on another way to studying venus despite maintaining the old way which is not successful. for example, some simplifies electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another prohect is looking back to an old technology called mechanical compuers. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in s during world war ll. the thought of computers existing in those dyas may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. i can imagine it as a electronic devices to acid of melting tin. thus, these technologies can help scientists to examine some of the contents in venus. they do not cost too much as they are old technologies which can be use in this case. hence, i think that the scientists examine and do some experiment on venus where it will bring benifits to all of the human being. we must try to expore something new. in conclusion, i think that venus is a nice place for human to live in as it has the most earthlike conditions. so, the scientists work hard for the experiment to know whether it is good or not for us to live in. sometimes we need to try something new to know new things. i think it is a nice way to examine venus for preparation to the baddest.