the author doesnt fully support his idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. he displays too many downsides of the exploration. he frequently brings up how risky it could be. the benefits are acknowledged, but briefly. the author spends too much time focusing on how the conditions are far from easy when he should have been focusing on why traveling to venus is worth it. his idea is that the trip is worth it, but most of his writing describes why it is not. the author first brings up the environment of the planet. he describes the hot temperatures, stating how it averages to be over  degress farenheit. he also adds in how it has the hottest surface, despite mercury being closer to the sun. this is obviously way too hot for human beings. then, he discusses that the atmospheric pressure is  times stronger than that on earth. this environment is much more extreme that anything were used to. plus, venus experiences earthquakes, lightning, and volcanoes that are way more powerful than the ones on earth. the author provides information on all the reasons why our species could not live there. furthermore, he admits that nasa does not even have the needed equipment to safely and effectively travel to venus. he only mentions that they are currently working on it. the author gives the idea that venus could be studied from up above, in a vehicle hovering miles away from the surface. this way, scientists could get an insight on whats going on down there. however, doing that would prevent seeing most light, since it isnt able to penetrate the atmosphere. even though the author does say better approaches are being worked on, no machines are completely ready. we simply dont have the required technology to keep humans safe on their expedition. finally, the author doesnt support his claim that going to venus is worth it because the pros of traveling there are kept at a minimum. in his writing, he failed to give important reasons on why going there is essential. he does bring up that its fascinating to astronomers due to how similar it could have been to earth long ago. however, the potential similarity it could share is not a reason to risk lives to explore it. yes, it is beneficial to study planets other than ours, but when its so dangerous, it shouldnt be done. if the author wants to convince people that the pursuit should be taken even though it is unsafe, he should list more reasons why than just the fact that its fascinating. to conclude, the author poorly explained the reasoning to his arguement. he spent too much time hightlighting all the dangers presented. he should have gave readers better valid points to travel to venus. instead, he repeatedly wrote about the extreme conditions, or the lack of proper technology. too much time was spent on the wrong side of his claim. the author should have supported his idea with reasons other than just pure curiousity. the cons outweigh the pros.