throughout the past century car usage has exploded from a luxury available only to the highest echelon of society to a tool almost essential to life. although cars are convenient there are many downsides to having them. some reasons a society that limits car use could be beneficial are expenses, environmental costs, and health degredation. hopefully together we can curb car usage and lead the way for a cheaper, greener, and healthier future. its a known fact that cars are expensive, but when you add up all of the costs how much is really spent. especially for younger drivers insurance is a ludicris expense, often totalling hundreds of dollars per month. another expense, obviously, is gas. gas may be at a  year low right now but the slightest instability in oil producing countries could cause prices to skyrocket. still if you add in the cost of the car your looking at a highly expensive way of living. life obviously could be less expensive without car use. another illeffect of car use is environmental impact. car emmisions are responsible for up to  percent of total green house gas emmisions in some states. using cars is not good for the environment. cars pollute are atmosphere and can accelerate the rate of ozone layer deteorioration. they also, indirectly, damage habitats by requiring new roads and highways to be built thus disturbing ecosystems. automobiles also use large quantities of petrolium a finite and ever neccesary resource in this global world. car usage needs to be drastically reduced in order to preserve the environment. health issues can also develop from overusing cars. for instance, by looking at cultures that do not use cars it is evident that less children with autism are born to said peoples, such as the amish. another benefit of not using cars is exercise. people that drive instead of walking or bicycling are not only becoming more obese they are also putting themselves at an elevated risk for heart disease. car accidents are one of the highest causes of premature death in the united states thus if people drove less these accidents would occur far less often. the choice seems clear a carless society is more healthy for all. all in all, although cars may have benefits, the drawbacks of having them far out way any of said benefits. car usage is expensive, bad for the environment and unhealthy. together, society must ultimately decide whether life with automobiles is worth it and live with the consequences.