is the use of technology to read emotional expressions of students in a class room valuable? there is new technology being devloped that can read emotions of people and paintings faces. this technology is valuable in the class rooms because it can help teaches keep the students focused and out of problems. this techology can read fake and real smiles which can be used to tell if a student is engaged in the subject or not. the facial expression technology can be used to help teachers help the students know what there doing. new face reading technology can give a voice to the quiet ones in class and help the teachers know what they are feeling. the text explains what muscles are used to smile and fake smile.meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis oculi palpabraeus make crows feet around your eyes.thats instuction . but in a false smile, the mouth is streted sideways using the zygomatic major and s diffrent muscle, the risorius . to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when asmileing politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. now this is helpful in classrooms to know what students are really feeling and can even prevent suicides if the teachers can use this information to help the student get the help they need. the face reading technology can use the data to process sadness and boredom and can help the students more than the teachers. this technlogy is being created by some people that have studied these facial expressions and emotions. in paragraph  the author explains how the doctors that created this tecnology know their data is correct.yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinchi studied human anato my to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. the artist of the painting where also students of there craft so they would have pin point accuacy.this helps people now that they can lay back on this idea of face reading tecnnology. knowing that the technology is very accurate this can be used in the classrooms to help more that just the teachers, students but even the principles know if there staff might be off. this can help principles and advisors know how there teachers are doing. say the teacher is in a bad mood and has a history of lashing out on others the priciples dont want there students are unhappy in there learning enviroment. the emotinal reading tecnology is great of the learning enviroment. is the use of technology to read emotinal expressions of students in a class room valuable? the technology is very helpful to teacher and advisors alike. it has the potential to stop many incedents in classrooms and the entire school. in the end no one can neglect the fact that this is very helpful.new emotion reading technology is the future.