although sergey brin is seen as one who can invent and create virtually anything he can set his mind to, the idea of one day seeing driverless cars is challenging to grasp. in , a plethora of potential issues arise when it comes to the thought of driverless cars. these very issues could be the deciding factor when it comes to whether or not driverless cars even exist. the idea of driverless cars is proposterous in that there are too many regulations necessary for the cars to exist. many issues are discussed when it comes to driverless cars, but one stands out most explicitly safety. the safety of all drivers is threatened when robot cars are on the roads and highways. movies in todays pop culture portray the idea that robots could be an issue to humans because of their inability to properly function  accurately. when mph speeds are brought into the equation, it seems foolish to put human lives at risk for unnecessary reasons. if the cars simply assist humans while driving, it seems that this would be more manageable and more safe. lawmaking is also a conflicting element in the driverless car discussion. there could be a multitude of court cases where robot cars could be responsible for taking lives. who would be blamed? the process of restructuring laws would be too lengthy and quite useless just for thethought of inventing driverless cars. it would take years to confirm a set of laws that perfectly fits all restrictions needed for driverless cars. it is known that the car industry is possibly the largest industry on the planet, but it doesnt seem possible that people would be willing to restructure and reinstitute laws that have been standing for hundreds of years. the argument could be made that driverless cars allow people to be more efficient while commuting through their day. this could very well be the case, but this is likely the only positive thing to come from driverless cars. the safety threats and arising problems produced by driverless cars greatly outweighs the positives. driverless cars seem to be a good idea until the many risk factors are taken into account. especially when the risks are death. the car industry will continue to concoct more ideas and ways to make cars smarter and more reliable, but the thought of someday seeing driverless cars on the roads is not very likely. educated individuals will analyze the positives and negatives of the situation and clearly see that this idea cannot become reality.