although venus is referred to as the evening star, it is still a planet. venus is one of the brightest planets and, you can easily see it on a dark knight. researchers say thet venus is hard to examine because oh how bright it is and, how close it is to the sun. the author states than venus is the closest plant to earth because of the density and size of it. many people say that its the closest planet to us however, every planet spins around at a different speed so one might appear closer than another. nasa has sent several spacecrafts to venus and its referred to as the most difficult planet to land on. every spacecraft thats ever landed there has never made it back due to the enviroment and, the rough surface. the author says that venus is almost all carbon dioxide and, its covered with corrosive sulfuric acid. he also states that venus is almost  degrees and, its extreme to what we experience on our own world. venus is the hottest planet in solor system although, mercury is closer to the sun. astronomers find venus so fascinating because its the closest earth like planet in the solar system. astronomers also say that venus could have well been filled with large oceans and, could have supported many forms of life. venus is very similar to earth because, it has rock textures such as valleys, mountains, and craters as to earth. nasa is eager to go back to venus to study the earth like planet. the author says that they are planing to have an aircraft that will hover  miles over the surface that will make it safe. allowing them to do this will lower the temperature to around  degrees, but also the air preasure would be about the same to sea level on earth. although, hovering over venus would be safe, they would still find many challenges. without them being on the ground they wont be able to take samples of rock, minerals, and gasses. nasa is wondering its they can make there equipment better to take on the challenge, and to see what venus is compared to earth. nasa will also have to come up with a way to make their equipment lighter, and also be able to last for the time period they are on venus. modern technology is rather delicate than to the mechanical computers they used in world war . although its a struggle to experience venus, it also has a big impact on earth. being able to see what venus is allows us to find new materials and gases that we have never heard of before. this could be a big impact to us. it could help us find new ways to create materials, and to better our everyday lives.