since  people have been in awe of the mysterious face on mars. it has been discussed in films, books, magazines, and talk shows. some people even believe that it was formed by martians thousands of years ago as a monument, but recently scientists have disproved this theory almost entirely. one of the reasons this theory is faulty is that the face was just a butte similar to one that can we see here on earth. we have designed telescopes to discover if this was true or not and we found out that yes, it is just a natural landform on mars. the shadows happend to be in the right place when the telescope had passed over the butte which caused it to seem as if it was a face. concpiracy theorists could say that the martians merely just tampered with the sun or mars so that the shadows would align every so often, but this is just speculation. this leads me to my next point. the topic of martians has been a big one since the mids. we have dicovered many things about mars since then and no evidence has pointed toward there being life on the planet. scientists have although, discovered flowing water near the polar caps on marss surface. but even if there is enough water, lifeforms can not merely live off of it alone. organisms need nutritious food to survive. plants could not even live there because of the soils lack of sufficient nutrients and its harmful toxins it has. besides, mars is so far away from the sun that the plants would take almost twice as long to grow. without the ability to have any food, the martians if there were any which i have already discussed would have died in the beginning of thier lifetime. now you could say that they could be cannibals. this is just simply not right because if they were, they would have all died off before they could begin to work on the monument on mars or even discover the technology to build it. this battle of whether the face on mars was made by martians or not could go on forever even if we discover more about it. who knows, the theorist could come up with some evidence later. but in the end, theorists are just theorist after all. they are just speculating even if the whole world knows what is fact.