there are so many things that humans have not explored despite how close we are to them. venus is the the closest planet to earth but we stiill havent explored it in over three decades. even though these missions to venus are dangerous, we still need to explore what we can. in the challenge of exploring venus, the author states that studying venus is a worthly persuit despite the dangers it presents. the author supports this idea by describing how venus might have once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the author supports that venus is worth exploring despite the dangers because it might have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. in paragraph , the author describes how important it is that we explore venus, and how similar earth is to this planet. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth . this quote explains how similar earth was to venus and also describes the need for discovery. venus is worthy to be explored despite the dangers because we need to see why venus is no longer like earth and why it doesnt have forms of life on it anymore. going to venus would be a worthy persuit because we are very limited to the planets that we can explore and venus is one of the only planets to visit right now with our current technology. this evidence proves the author suggesting how important it is to go on an exploration to venus because it used to be similar to earth, but it has vastly changed and we need to see how and why. in conclusion, the author supports the idea thoroughly that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by describing how venus might have once been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. the fact that venus and earth used to be so similar is important because scientists need to discover why venus is so different and how this happened. going through with this exploration would be extremely benificial and would open up new ideas on how we can save our planet today.