would you ever want to go on a trip to venus despite the dangers? the author tells us the temperature average is over  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure over  times greater that what we are used to on earth! venus has the hottest surface planet temperature of any planet despite mercury being the closest to the sun. the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it represents by telling us that nasa is working on approches to study venus without the dangers, and that nasa could allow scientist to float above the fray. nasa is working on approaches to study venus without the dangers. in the challenge of exploring mars the author states, these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics. the mechanical computers could be helpful when studying venus because it wouldnt be as dangerous if an actual person would go to venus. the author also states, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. this tells the readers that using the mechanical computers can restrict some of the dangers by using not technology but mechanical wise computers. nasa could possibly work on a blimp like vehicle hovering over  or so miles above the roiling veusian landscape, states the author. the author states, ... a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. using this possible vehicle you could work on studying venus but also eliminate the risks or dangers you could face in the temperature venus has. in the passage the author also states, at thirty plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenhit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. the author is trying to tell the readers that it would be bad if you just went there without anything instead of easily hovering over venus without the dangers you could face. furthermore, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it represnts by telling us that nasa is working on approaches to study venus, and that nasa could allow scientist to float above to fray. studying venus would be something that hasnt been done in more than  decades and coming up with something that could avoid the venus dangers would be a miracle.