in this article im against the development of these driverless cars because like it said in the article, if technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufracturer that quote in the article shows that there could be some accident or something that goes wrong with the cars. there are a lot of pros to the driverless cars, but also some cons. some of the cons to the cars can get you thinking about if you really want it or not, and if its worth the money. some cons to the cars are the cars are not completely driveless. you need to remain alert and be ready to take the wheel at any given time. if you are thinking about buying a driverless car, you need to think back on the pros and cons. i listed one con about it, but theres more than that like the article states that they are big on safety concerns but if that was true there wouldnt be some downfall to the driverless cars. if you are still wanting the car how about if the technology of the car fails and gets you into a accident? you would be blamed for the accident and would have to pay for your car to get fixed and also the other people involved. as there are cons theres also pros that we could be focusing on too. the features in these cars are unbelieveable thats why most people want the car. some features of the new prius are rotating sensor on the roof, video camera on the rearview mirror for more drivng percautions, and much more. the more safety these cars have the more people will want to buy them thats why they are starting to work on the safety hazards now so the car will be done by . if the hazards are all worked out by  i would change my mind and views on these driverless cars. the reason why i would change my mind if the car was safe is because there would be nothing that would risk losing my life to. i would think more about buying these cars before i actually did. would you want to spend money on a car now and have a risk of taking your life if you got into a troubling accident? or wait until the problems are fixed and you have no disregards about the car you will be driving? thats why you should think before you want to spend your money on a car that has poblems. so for my argument of the aspect of driverless cars i vote against it until everything is fixed and okay to drive. in the tenth paragraph in the article it states that tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot ninety percent of the time so if you are looking for a car now that will drive itself most of the time you can get some of these cars now.