while getting your first car may feel like a wonderful thing, it leads to many not as wonderful situations such as having to constantly pay money for gas, repairs, and insurance, getting in wrecks, and having to worry about how to get places efficiently. there is an answer to these problems that has been in the making for years, this wonderful innovation in technology is called the driverless car. these cars will be able to drive anywhere without human assistance and will be open to the public much like taxis. they are safer and more economically effiecient than regular humandriven cars. there will be no need to own cars anymore with the invention of this new car of the future. this means many great things for the saving of money. it means that people will no longer have to worry about paying for gas or repairs to their car, because they will not have a car. they instead will have free access to public driverless cars which will take them anywhere they want. this also means that people will not have to be responsible for such an expensive piece of equipment such as a car of their own. driverless cars will also make great bounds in the ideaology of vehicular safety. they will be equipped with many sensors and cameras on their exterior and interior to sense any danger and be able to prevent it in a moments notice without endangering anybody as recalled from paragraph four in the article. these cars will also be driving themselves, a situation that will take away the risk factors that are commonly associated with humandriven cars such as texting while driving and impaired driving due to alcohol or drugs. all of these factors lead to the conclusion that there will certainly be less and maybe even no wrecks with these amazing driverless cars. driverless cars will also make way for a much more economically efficient transportation system. as mentioned in paragraph one, these cars are said to consume about half as much gasoline as a normal humandriven car. this is in part due to the cars having a builtin gps system that will guide the cars to the destination in the fastest possible route. also, there are more economically friendly cars that are being sold now and these driverless cars will resemble those cars, but with even more economic efficiency and the extra perk of having the ability to drive itself. all these perks of driverless cars are outstanding innovations in the technology of today, so why would we not take the opportunity to incorporate these into our daily lives? driverless cars are the future and the future is now, so out with the old humandriven cars and in the with the new, more economically efficient, safer, and cheaper driverless cars.