the idea of driverless cars is one that we have seen in many places, and heard of many times. although, we have never quite reached that achievement, i believe that driverless cars would have a great impact on todays society in a both good and bad way my belief is that this invention believe has a more positive affect. this creation can help our world have safer roads, better environment, and could actually help our environment in many ways. with the correct technology and great intention, we could eventually live in a futuristic type of world like we have always seen in movies. driverless cars arent actually driverless quite yet, but they still need assitance in different occassions. for example, google has had these cars since . the cars have been tested driving more than half a million miles without a crash. the conditions where it cant perform by itself is pulling out of drive ways or driving around complex traffic. these cars still allow one to drive but it also is a way for people to sit back and just enjoy the ride. so although we might not have complete driverless cars, we have already been proven that it is possible top have a car that drives safely by itself. since we have seen that these cars can perform safely without an accident occurring, think of how many less accidents would occur. many lives have been lost due to drunk driving, reckless driving, and even texting while driving. with these cars that perform on their own, people will no longer have to drive under the influence. people will now have the chance to text or call while in the car, and it will eliminate more accidents from occurring by this type of reckless driving. now that we know that these cars are a safer way of driving and how people could still have access in controlling these cars, we can talk about how these cars can help create a healthier environment.the google cofounder sergey brin has spoken about having these cars that half the fuel of todays taxis, and that would be great for our environment. having these less fuel cars will help create less pollution and will help decrease in smog and contamination of the air. today, many people have cars and will use up lots and lots of gas for them which really affects our air. the cars that mr. brin has in mind will help us become more healthy when it comes to our environment. these are not all the great things that could be an outcome from this great creation, but just a few. the driverless car proves to be a new, safer, and improved way of transportation.it benefits people today in many ways and will leaqd to a rising economy. my arguement is that, i believe we shouldnt pass on this great oppurtinity and we should take advantage of this newer way of transportation. it may have many things needed to improve, but it is a great way to start, and i know this driverless car is just the start of something even bigger .