there are many advantages to limiting car usage. the majority of the advantages are towns that are closer together and car accidents will be much more widespread and unlikely. only in some cases will people use cars, and in those cases it is only for doing long distance transport, such as driving across the country. the most important and final advantage is that it would reduce emmissions from all cities if it is done in the major cities of the united states, and everywhere else. the first example of the advantages that i will use is the closer together cities. we know that germany has already made an emmission free city, and you have to pay a lot of money to be able to park, or even drive. the city has closer together work places, restaurants, and stores, so it is easier for people to make a quick run to the grocery store on their walk home, rather than having to travel for  minutes to get to the grocery store, spend an hour there trying to get your food, and then traveling home for another  minutes. overall, the closer cities with high prices to use a car will be better for our planet, and reduce emmissions from many countries on the planet. the second advantage that reducing car usage has, is that it would widely reduce the amount of accidents people have every year with cars. bike accidents would happen more, but they would be less likely to hurt someone severely, or even take a life. this means that more lives would be saved with the use of less cars. the final advantage is reducing emmissions. if we keep moving along the pace that we were moving along when we were at our high point, earth could end up looking like venus much sooner than we thought. although it may not be in our lifetime, we dont want to mess up the future for our children or grandchildren. if we do reduce emmissions, and keep earth as the little blue dot in our galaxy, then we are doing something great for the human race, and we should keep doing this as we move along in everything we do. to sum everything up, if we start creating closer together cities, emmissions from all vehicles will be reduced, and many less accidents will happen in which someone will be killed. reducing emmissions will save our human race in more drastic ways than we can imagine, and it would most likely help us keep our planet the way we started with it. green, blue, and white.