studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because, venus used to have bodies of water and had many different forms of life. there are other explanations like having a surface of rocky sediment and includes valleys, mountains, and craters. so they venus might be the only other planet that can probably support life. there are so things that cant be done. it mightve supported life back then but now the average surface temperature is  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experienced. so landing on venus is almost impossible for humans. also venus has the hottest surface tempature of any planet in our solar system because of all the erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and the frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. although, these conditions are pretty bad, the national aeronatuics and space administration nasa has one compelling idea for senbding humans to study venus. nasa possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. for example its like a jet airplane that travles at a high altitude to fly over storms. so a vehicle overing over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. however, peering above the ground from a ship can only limited insight on the ground because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researchers cant take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close despite the risks. eventually will have the technology to reach venus and study venus a lot more closer than hovering over the planet. when we have that technology then more researchers can see if venus can sustain life or not. but until then well have to study venus from a far and ovserve as much information as possible.