in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author gives numerous characteristics of venus conditions and the difficulty of exploring it. the author believes that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents which he succeeds to explain clearly but fails to explain why it would benefit us despite its dangers. in the article, the author explains the dangers of exploring venus. these dangers, said in paragraph , are that a thick atmoshpere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. it also says how the clouds in venus atmosphere are made up of sulfuric acid, which is highly corrosive, and that the planets surface is about  degrees fahrenheit. these conditions are far too extreme for any human or spacecraft to handle and restrict us from studying and understanding the planet. in the challenge of exploring venus, the author vaguely explains why exploring venus would benefit us. in paragraph , the author begins to talk about how venus would contribute to our knowledge and understanding of the planet. apart from this, the author gives no reasons why we exploring venus would be a benefit. the author seems to get off track more than giving explanations why venus would be a worthy pursuit. for an example, in paragraph , he begins to talk about computers during the s which is irrelevant to purpose of the article. staying on track and naming more benefits would definately improve this article and help support his opinions and ideas. in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author describes the restrictions that keep us from exploring the earthlike planet venus. although the author does well in explaining the restrictions and how scientists are working on improving technology to enable us to explore it, he seems to get out of focus. the author also seems to fail in explaining why venus would benefit us thoroughly. if the author would have explained the reasons why venus is a worthy pursuit as well as he explained the dangers of venus, this article would have been more supportive and persuasive.