driverless cars coming can seem like a big shock or disappointment to the generation, but it also could be just the begining to a great new advention. the driverless cars are safe for the environment, helpful for teen drivers including completly new drivers and also can prevent less accidents from happening in the future. pollution and the ozone layer being destroyed is a huge problem for our earth to this day. cars give off alot of gases causing this pollution in our atmosphere. driverless cars could be the stop to all of this pollution happening all around us! now this is something that you cant just say heck no i dont want to ever have a car like that! the driverless cars can help save money that id coming out of your own pocket while also helping our environment. although driving a car that is able to drive itself can have its negative effects its can also be very helpful when it comes to the safety of yourself and the people who are also in the vehicle along with you. the driverless cars have special touch features that make sure the driver is in fact keeping hold of the steering wheel. having this feature avalible on a car can be very helpful for careless drivers who do not keep hold of the steering wheel. also having the ability to to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves can be a great way to warn the driver when roads ahead require human skills like navigating through work zones, around accidents, and going threw difficult traffic. being able to have control over your own vehicle and also your vehicle having control over itself can be an extraordinary way to teach new drivers how to operate a vehicle. the driverless car can be a perfect way to teach teens getting their licences or permits the proper ways to properly operate a vehicle. the driverless cars are able to stop themselves when coming close to hitting an object this feature can be best used for teens just in case they get carried away and start to loose control ove the vehicle. antilock brakes and drivers assistantwill be helpful when learning how to break at the appropriate time and also having assistance if something goes wrong in the mense of your driving. although the driverless cars seem strange and unusual they can be very helpful and useful to our generation by helping teens learn how to properly operate a vehicle, saving the planet from pollution and the destruction of our ozone, and also creating a safe environemt for all drviers on the road.