if i was discussing the face with someone and they thought it was created by aliens i would tell them that they have lost their mind. there is no such thing as aliens. they are just a myth. if aliens were real dont you think they would have came down to earth and taken over? i mean they probably have the power to do it. if natural landforms can be created on earth why cant they be created on mars? it was even said by garvin that it reminds him most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. it was probably just a mistake that happened when something ran into it. just cause it looks like aliens did it doesnt mean they did. it is possible for a human to do it. but when there are no such things as aliens it just means that something ran into it. there are all kinds of thing flying around in space. heshe needs to think of the logical side and realize that something just ran into it i was surprised when i heard about the face. there may have been an acient civilization on mars and we just dont know about it. we didnt have telescopes that would see that far until i dont know when. but when the dinosaurs were around there could have been an acient civilization. and isnt mars the planet that has the most wind? maybe we cant find anything that they left behind cause the wind may had blown it away. now people are going to start saying that the ancient civilization was aliens. but it could have been people that, after the dinosaurs, died moved here. some people believe god made us by the sand of the earth. and some believe that we evolved from monkys. but noone knows for sure. our ancestors could have been living on mars and we moved here cause this place is better. we havent found anything that would support my theory but it is possible. maybe they burned all the documents so we wouldnt know the truth. and science always says that creatures adapt to their new enviroments, so why cant we. most likely we created that on accident and we left it when we moved here some people may disagree with me and some may agree with me. but i have my theories and they have theirs. my theory may be wrong, but that doesnt stop me from believing it. their theory is probably wrong, but i dont know that. they could be right and i could be wrong. or i could be right and they could be wrong. but i have some really good points. aliens arent real. we could have created that and left it their. we could have originally been from mars. who knows? because i certainly dont.