some cities are making themselves carfree. like in vauban, germany paris bogota, colombia and even the president of the united states is trying to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions rosenthal, paragraph . in vauban, germany residents of a community are going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before the have given up their cars rosenthal, paragraph .some advantages of limiting car usage is people are happier without cars and it promotes the alternative transportation and reduce smog. the first advantage of limiting car usage is that people are happier without cars. the day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mids. it has seen the construction of  miles of bicycle paths, the most of any latin american city, according to mockus, the citys mayor selsky, paragraph . as a result,  pecent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, rosenthal, paragraph . it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of  million selsky, paragraph . vauban, completed in , is an example of a growing trend in europe, the united states and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called smart planningrosenthal, paragraph . finally the rise in cellphones and carpooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work rosenthal, paragraph . the second advantage of limiting car usage is that it promotes the alternative transportation and it reduces smog. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global cityduffer, paragraph . congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog . . . the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known os one of the most polluted cities in the world duffer, paragraph . millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams selsky, paragraph . also the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and dropped speadily thereafter.... as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january  rosenthal, paragraph . and people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession mat find less reason to resum the habit rosenthal,paragraph . but finally mine  and  have not botheres to get a drivers license, even though they both live in places where one could come in handy. they organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or carpool with friends rosenthal, paragraph . and those are the reasons why some cities are making themselves carfree. people are a lot more happy with no cars as said from elisabeth rosenthal when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. and also because people are trying to promote the alternative transportation and reduce smog, thats why paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city duffer, paragraph . so what do you think should citites ban driving?