there are planets that we all are curious about, but with curiousity comes danger. challenging ourselves with exploring with venus is a risk but its a risk that we might take. astronomers are intreged that venus once have been a earthlike place before and includes familiar features like earth. also exploring venus may be exciting but also dangerous because of it thick atmosphere of  of carbon dioxide and it temperture average over  degrees fahrenheit. with that being said, its worthy of studying despite the dangers it presents. astronomers are intreged that venus once have been a earthlike place before. years ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. as it sates in paragrapgh ,sentence . venus might be like mars because venus might be worthy of living but we wont know for sure if scienists dont study the planet. another reason why studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it persents because it includes familiar feature like earth. if venus once had familiar features,then it was probably suitable for forms of life. in the article, paragragh ,sentence  states today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on eath also in paragapgh  sentence  states the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and included familiar feaatures such as valleys, mountains and craters. it may be worth studying but it comes with dangers such as venus has a thick atmosphere of almost  of carbon dioxide. a human being could handle so little of carbon dioxide because its toxic to bodies. also,its clouds has sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. in the article, in paragrapgh  sentence  states a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide. also in paragraph ,sentence  sates even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid venuss atmosphere. another reason why it be might be dangerous, if the scientists decide to study the planet is because of the temperture of being  degrees fahrenheit. even though if a human being cant step a foot on venus, it can send a special meachine that can withstand that temperture. in the article it states in paragraph , setence  on the planets surface, temperatures average over