is there such thing that a computer can define our emotions? how can a computer software define our emotions? now in days, the technology is getting bigger as the years pass by people start to know even how to make a car drive by themselves that is one of the things we do not hear everyday. the computer sowftware that can define our emotionsis now that people use in work or even at school use. imagine the world with the computer software that can read our emotions that will be very amazing. for instance, you can probably not tell the emotions on somebody face when you see them they may be smiling right at you, but what if they are feeling another way you may never know what they are actually feeling that is why i think the computer software is a good idea to read people emotions. as the time goes by people are getting tired of showing the same feeling they might already started to think that they are not getting no where with what they are feeling. of course, that everybody know how to describe what happy and sad looks like, but what if they are not feeling none of does emotions what if they are actually nervous or scared and there is no way that you can help them. the computer software stores alots of energy different kind of specific emotions that people can use to tell other peoples emotions. the calculation in the computer software in human perform is the same why that might be because, not everybody used it why we need to use it they may ask themselves and yes that is a good question well that is because that way you can even hlep yourself if you are smiling, but the results say a different thing for example, that you are sad in reality you can push your self to not be sad anymore that is one good way to see if you need to change your emotions. describing the computer software is not really hard to do it you can just say it shows us how you are really feeling even doe if you are smiling. they might get scared for the momnet but, that is one way also to help other people.