in the article  driverless cars are coming the author presents both posistive and negative aspects of driverless cars, i forone am all for the development smart cars. i look forward to a time when no one buys cars becasue no one needs them anymore. it is my belief that that the development of the smart car could help us a great deal in the forseen future. we are already on our way towards the idea of a driverless car not only becoming real but also helping our deteriating planet. you see i believe that since even though there are a few vehicles now that dont necessarily need gas to run there are far more that do than not. our vehicles now adays do alot of damage to our ecosystem than most of us realize or seem to care for. sooner or later that invisible wall that shields us of the suns light which burns brighter than any fire known by man will instead of helping create life, will destroy it. there is so much polution in the air now because of our nonexcistent will to protect that in which we live instead of slowly killing it. now to clear any misinterpretation i must state that i am in no way a treehugger, but i do believe that we must do something about this pollution instead of sitting back and watch the dreaded show of death. that is one of the reason why i am all fro the development of driverless cars, for i believe that this idea will bring us a few steps closer to vehicles that have no need of gas or any other polluting resources in our desposition. this said i do believe driverless cars could also helpus in getting things faster. already do most cars nowadays do cars have apps in stalled that allow us to not take our eyes of thwe road while at the same time do things that we feel we need time to do . sadly it is a common thing these days for everyone to have some kind of bussy schedules since we are children. our kids now go to school for most of the day then get home and do their homework, go to school clubs or athletics they signed up for yet dont really want to do becasue their parents are the ones who dont want them out of the house all because they have to work late and wont be home till late or are so bussy doing other things that they cant take care of their children all day. so they send them of to be taken care of by someone else. this is the product of filled schedules which are made easier to handle now by smart cars. the technology installed in them making it possible to multitask while driving and able to not waste time making it easier to finish the list of things to be done. now most driving laws as presented in the article are written in the assumptionthat the only safe car has a human driver in control of it although in my opinion that is not the case in most ocassions. i believe that most car accidents are caused because of a drunk driver or because of a driver losing control. all these accidents could be avoided by a smart car the way i see it is that in the future the way we are going with technology will lead us to safer cars where if in a difficult sittuation you could be guided by your smart car. completely driverless cars could be on a kind of autopilot in certain situations, for instance a person decided to go out with a couple of friends and decides that although it is a completely irrational idea to drive home of course with a simple click of a button we could all avoid a could be horrific accident.