everyone knows that a teenagers emotion can change very fast .some people know that if in a bad mood it can affect how us students do our work. i think its not a terrible idea to have facial recongition to access our emotions. first, i think using technology to access our emotions is a smart idea. teachers often pick on the students who dont seem to be paying attention to what he or she is saying but what if that kid that they call on is just having a bad day? well with this technology they can tell if their students are sad or mad or even surprised . to continue, i also see why people would argue why it is not a good idea. maybe the technology will glitch and cause error. people also might say that the technology is reading enough of our emotions, and should include more emotions to read. maybe it doesnt read some important ones like disgust or surprised. i would like to argue that even though it may not be able to read all of our emotions yet that they might be able to come up with ways to read more of our emotions in the future. secondly, i think it would be a greater and easier way for teachers and classmates to come in touch with their students and be able to support them when they are in need. i also think if schools began to use them less students would be bullied because knowing everyone else can read the bullies emotions will not help the bully and he will begin to stop and realize what he is doing to himself and his peers. i think using this technology will help with bettering our world. to continue, i think people would disagree with me becsuse our world has a lot of problems with technology and should try and reduce how much technology is being used nowadays. everyone uses technology to communicate with each other and now letting technology tell us everyones emotions can cause a lot of damage to our new world. it would take away our sempathy and empathy we have for people as we communicate with them about how they feel and using technology to tell us how someone feels is taking away the point of even talking about it because everyone already knows. lastly , i think getting this technology will help better our schools and help better our technology. many things could go wrong with technology but with schools helping and participating giving the creator feedback on how it is working and what needs to be better about it. i think if enough schools participate in getting this technology we will come into better understanding with technology and each other. thats why i think using technology to read emotion in school is a good idea.