the author suppourts his idea of exploring venus. by showing lots of compeling info information that why we should do futer exploration. like the big strids that nasa has made and, how it can teacher us more about earth , and how we ca further expand our knolege on venus. the auther tells us about nasa and its great strids to do further expoloration of venus. by telling us how nasa has made like making a slilcon carbide electronics that can last for three week in a chamber that simulats venuse surface as stated in paragrah . the auother also tell us about nasa solution to venuses bad conditions in paragahr  it states nasas possible solution to the hostile conitions on the surface of venus woulud allow scientists to float above the fray. imaine a blimplike vehical hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian lannd scape. the author gives us this information to show us how nasa has made a great stride to further explore venus. the author tell us about why exploring venus would be benifital to resurchers. in understanding more about earth because , venus being earths twin may have looked like earth long ago with it may have had having oceans and various forms of life as stated in paragrah  . also stated in paragrah  is that  venus somtimes be our nearust option for a planitary visit, a crucial consideation given the long time frames of the space travel.  the author is consitantly giveing us information to why. space travil to venus is beniftal to resurchers trying to learn more about the earth the author tell us lots of information that we know about venus already. but how also we can expand our information about venus with further space tarvil to the plant. he or she tells us about how venus has has many valles and land form close to earth. but in paraghf  say resurches cant take sampels of rock,gas or anything eles. but if we could it can contribute to meanfully to our knolege of venus . i conclusion the supports the idea space travil veray well by giving us lots of information on venus. and how we can expand on our knolege of venuse and earth and,how nasa has made great strinds to further explor the plant.