driverless cars will be an important and interesting technology in the future. because of driverless cars there will be new laws, new rules to drive by, and that driverless cars can help reduce the amount of wrecks and casualties that are from car wrecks. i think that driverless cars should be allowed as long as we can prove that they are safe to be on the road. if it is proven that they will be safe and not be a danger to others driving, then i think that driverless cars should be allowed. new laws will come into effect if driverless cars are invented and legal to be on the streets. probably the biggest one would be if the car causes a wreck and someone is injured, is it the drivers fault or the manufacturer of the cars fault? this argument could go both ways because if the driver was not paying attention and did not take over to drive then the wreck would be his fault. if the driver had nothing to do with the wreck and that the car quits working correctly then it would be the manufacturers fault because their driverless car was defective. another thing that would change when driverless cars are created will be that there will be new driving rules that everyone must follow. you would have to take new drivers tests to make sure you know how to drive when a driverless car is on the road. also, if the driverless car quits working then the driver would need to manually drive the car. you would have to have your drivers liscense even to be the driver of a driverless car because if it needed you to manually drive it then you would have to have a liscense so that you can manually drive it. there may also be a need for a seperate liscense to have a driverless car so that you know how to react if it needs to be manually driven and so that they can make sure you are paying attention to the road even though you are not driving. the biggest reason that i think driverless cars should be allowed is because it can reduce the number of car wrecks which would lower the number of casualties in car accidents. many people each year get in car wrecks and a lot of people die as a result of those car wrecks. if a company proves that their driverless cars will not get in a wreck, i think that many people will buy it because of the safety that it allows. the safety of driverless cars will be the most important factor to see if they will be street legal. driverless cars will be an important part of future technology. if driverless cars are invented and become legal, then other companies will also want to use that technology to make something else, perhaps even driverless passenger planes. this technology can be very useful and will be an interesting topic to listen to in the future.