why facial action coding system is a valuable resource for students? scientists now have new advanced technology that can identify the emotions of paintings that date back to hundreds of years ago. scientists can create d models of the facial construction of the paintings features using computer models that scan the facial features of the person in the painting. scientists state that there are six basic emotions that are associated with the paiting person. for example happiness, sadness, fear, surprise, anger and disgust. the new technology software of the d models of the person are loaded into a computer and emotionrecognition starts its role as taking the expressions of the paitings and putting them into movements that will show what and how the person is feeling in that era of time. scientists now are trying to put facial recognition computers into classrooms so that the teachers can get a better understanding about how their students are understanding information and how they are feeling. human behavior analysists have been studying the emotional behavior of humans for generations now and have come to a conclusion. this conclusion is that you can sometimes understand how your friend is feeling but is that their true emotion showing or is that a facade that is disguised. this conclusion is to show how valuable a facial recognition computer is and how it can be useful to a classroom enviroment. by studing the facial features of humans scientists have been able to create steps that show the exact emotion of a painting of a person. this is also valuable information because we can have a theory about what times were like in paintings that date back to thousands of years ago. think about this if we took the acient egyptian hieroglyphs and took their paitings about what it was like to live in that era and translated it using the facial technology we have today we can figure out how the egyptians felt back in their time and possibly how the acted and reacted to the situations around them. this information plays a key role in history today that can help us conclude the situations of the past lifes of famous paintings. this is also a new step in history that can reveal so much about eras that we know nothing about and this can lead us to discovery of so much more. emotions are what make us human. without emotions what would we be? think of this if we lived in a society where emotions or feeling anything was banned and that we couldnt feel anything. that honestly would be the downfall in society because there wouldnt be anything to do and we would be bland. it also would mark the end of history because nothing would happen. i believe it is a cool study to figure out the emotions of paintings and the people in them. i personally am a complete fanatic about egyptian time and the greek gods and godesses time and being bale to figure out the facial features and the emotions and feelings of the paitings of those people is completely awaesome. its like time travel to me. being able to study the history of those paintings of people and figuring out what they felt during that time period is like being there with the person and going through the same feelings with them. i believe it is a great idea to put these types of facial recognition computers into classrooms because it will benefit for the teachers. the benefits of these computers is that teachers can have a better understanding of how they are teaching and how that information is being comprehended by the students. this is also a valuable source for teachers too because they can figure out how their students are feeling and if something is wrong with the students by understanding their facial recognitions. in conclusion it would be a benefitial source for classrooms to have facial recognition computers for teachers and students.