the auther suggedts that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. i agree with the author, studying venus could be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presests. venus is one of the brightest points of light in the sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot, and the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spotparagraph .often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distantparagraph . however, i think studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. i have couple reasons why i think studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. first of all, about  percent of a thick atmosphere blankets venus are carbon dioxide. the national aeronautics and space administration nasa is working on study about the planet, venus. if nasa is possible to make spacecraft that could go to land on the surface of venus, it will be difficult people research on the planet because  percent of the atmosphere are carbon dioxide. this condition makes different envionment from earth.a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venusparagraph . secondly, the average temperatures of venus is over  degrees fahrenheit. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheitparagraph . it is not possible that people stay on venus on this very high temperature. finally, the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what they experience on earth.the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planetparagraph . for example, if a persons weight is kg, the weight will chage t o kg on venus. it is difficult to work on researching on enus. in addition, beyond high pressure and hean, venusian geography and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful eathquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. beyond high pressure and hean, venusian geography and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful eathquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surfaceparagraph . therefore, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density nd size, and occasionally the closest in distance. however, because of some reasons that i mensioned above, studing venus could be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.