have you ever wondered what it would be like to . not drive cars everywhere but to just walk or ride bikes . well in this eassy thats what im going to be talking about . i am going to be telling you about the advantages of limiting your cars uses . and maybe even make you want to even not use a car anymore . for example its better for the enviroment , you wont have to wait on traffic , and you dont have to worry about having to get a licensess or renewing it every few years , and also you wont have to worry about you car breaking down . to start off you wont have to worry about getting a licensess or getting it renewed . if you dont drive a car then you dont have to worry . about having to pay for anything for you car like your licensess .or if your car breaks down having to worry about paying for the expensise .and if you dont drive you wont have to pay for gas . you wont have to worry about getting stuck in traffic .or having to watch for drunk drivers or bad drivers . stopping at red lights constantly . if you dont drive cars then you wouldnt have to always do this stuff . in paris after days of nearrecord pollution they enforced a parical driving ban to clear the air of the global city . on mondays people with even numbetred liceness were ordered to leave there cars at home . or they will get fined for  euros . and the same for the odd number liceness . and because of this the smog cleared up . and there was not as much pollution in the air as there was . and because of this in bogota its turnning into a big hit . there is this porgram to have a car free day where all you do is . you leave your cars at home and you either skate , hike , walk , or take the bus . and because of this there was no traffic jams . and because of this programit making people less stressed . in conclusion , its better to just walk or to ride bikes everywhere . because you wont have to worry about driving a car places .you wont have to worry about if your car will break down or not . and wont be polluting the air .