there are many advantages of limiting car usage. like conserving resources when we dont drive cars. it also lowers emission and imprves safety as said in source  the end of car culture. when you stop using cars pollution will decrease. and when the pollution decreases the earth will be healthier. being able to drive at  doesnt help the advanages but between  and   of young teens stopped driving. some advantages are its helps the enviroment, keeps people safe, and also gets pople to exercise. the first advantage is that it helps the enviroment. cars pollute the air a lot and if we limit the usage of cars then the air will slowly become more clean. also the cars cause smog. with the use of cars stpping the smog will clear. as stated in source  the end of car culture, the united states has long been one of the worlds prime cultures. but as people started to drift away from their cars, the us peaked in  and is still steadily dropping. when here is cold nights and warm days the warmer layer of air traps te car emissions. the second reason with limiting car usage is a good idea is because it keeps everyone safe. the pollution is bad for peoples health. also a lot of people actuall get hit by cars so limting the use will cause less injuries. you wont always be looking out for the pedestrians. also kids are the ones who get hit by cars most because you cant see the so no cars means less children getting hurt. another good thing that will come out of limiting car usage is that we will se less gas and then we will have more natrual resources. passener cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  in carintensive areas in the us as stated in sourc  in german suburb, life goes on without cars. the final reason why limiting car usage is because it gets people to exercise. a lot of people are couch patatoes, especially in america, and dont do anything so having limitations with their car will have to make them move a little. all people like to do is use their phone or eat or watch netflix on their free time but having no car will make them do more physical things. having no car wll make people ride bikes from poin a to point b r even walk. have fast food places n very corner doesnt help either because it makes peope get in their car to drive what could have been a five minute walk. when ave you ever seen a person walk to get food? never. inconclusion, there are many advantages in limiting car usage like it elps the enviroment, kes people safe, and makes eople exercise. people are safe. the enviroment is slowly getting better. people are starting to exercise whether they like it or not. in some countries if yu own a car you have o pay , to have a parking space, along with what you aid for the house.