limiting car usage can only be positive we dont need them if we all work together car pool denser cities alts will be available public transit cost effective and convenient sidewalks  roads convenientsl better for uscan still interact without overdrivinginteractive bikingwalking  online interaction giving our cars up in this day and age seems impossible but if everyone can work together, new opportunities will arise thatll outweigh the convenience of having a personal vehicle. we wont need cars if we all work and cooperate with one another. not only that but itll become more cost effective and convenient as a whole in the long run. once all is said and done, limiting car usage can only be positive. many questions would arise if this idea was approached, wouldnt we take longer to get places? isnt it inconvenient and a stepback from personal commuting? the answer would be yes, but for the most part its the point. sure you make take longer to get places by car pooling or taking public transit, but if anyone is doing it therell be no comparison of time with personal commuting, personal commuting will be gone. if no cars were available cities would compensate with free bikes when commuting or public transit. the nocar weekend in paris allowed free public transit, so in the longterm itd also be free source . city planning would be modified to compensate for the increased commuting time making the long commutes a little easier. if we all work together we wont need cars, and in the end itd be positive overall. in a world of reduced personal commuting, the cost of living would improve as well. money spent on gas or car maintenance would be nonexistent. instead of using taxes on expensive roads, theyll be used on inexpensive sidewalks, just like in bogota source . with the extra cash from no car expenses itll be easier to purchase luxury items you may want. cities will be made with convenience in mind, placing key stores in easily accessible areas, similarly to vaubans store placement source . this would answer the question of inconvenience, a ten minute drive can become a ten minute bike or walk with strategic placement. in the end, a reduced car usage society would be more cost effective and convenient, a definite positive compared to an automobile society. cars are definitely important to many people, but only because the majority have cars. take everyones cars away and they wouldnt have a reason to need one. if we all work together we wont need cars, people will help one another and cities would be planned better. in this society youd have more money to use as you please, instead of using it to survive. most important of all, the time to take a car someplace rather than any other alternative would be the same important locations can always relocate for everyones convenience. a world without cars can only be positive.