i think that this new technology would be useful in school. it would help out teachers and the school corporation. although this would be expensive there are more pros than cons. this would help out teachers when it comes to what subject students are and are not getting. if the students are not getting the material this computer would most likely read that the student is feeling anger. the teacher would then know that the anger is most likely frustration and they can try and solve the problem. the machine would also be able to tell the teacher if the students are happy. this lets the instructor know that they are probably doing a good job and the students get the material. these days you can never be too careful, even at school. with so many school shootings happening this year you can only hope that it will not happen at your school. that is where this machine will come in handy, it can let the counselors or the instructors know when a kids emotions are  angry and need to go to the counselors office. this machine could help prevent emergencies before they even happen since it can get people the help they need before they do something wrong. this does not have to be the case with only anger it can also do this with sadness and tell the counselor when a student is depressed. this machine would help with the psychological state of the school and make it seem like a more cheery place. the overall mood of the school would be happier if this machine got installed. there are going to be kids who are not going to be happy and just fake it anyway. but, in the article it says moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. this means that if students are faking happiness they will eventually start to feel happy regardless if they are faking it or not. students in the school will be happier and the entire place will look more enthusiastic like a learning zone should be. this new technology would be refreshing and help out schools everywhere. it would help out teachers and counselors know when you are not feeling right. it would be expensive but a lot of schools could use this and make a ton of use of it.