is facial action coding system valuable to students? do you even know what a facial action coding system is? well, it is a program or a system that was made from codes to help a computer identify human emotions. well, i think that the facial action coding system is valuable to students. the reason i think this is because your video games could have more expressive faces, your pc at home cant handle the complex algorithms, and it can reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored. the first reason is that your video game could have more expressive faces. some people enjoy playing video games a lot but what is the point in having this fun video game if your going to have faces that look like they are mad in the game. if the charcaters in game could show expression i think it would make a lot more people into the game. if more people like the video games just because they got expressions then a lot of more people will start buying games. which means that the gaming stores will get more money, and then the government would get more money. so in conlcusion one of the reasons why it is valuable to kids is because it could make video game charcaters have expressions. the next reason is that your pc at home cant handle the complex algorithms. the computer system that was designed by prof. thomas huang made the program for a sufficicated computer that can handle the algorithms. your pc at home was designed not to hold complex stuff on it, it was designed to hold simple stuff. so, if a teacher got this in their classroom then it could benefit the kids and they would probably have a pc that could hold the complex algorithms unlike the ones at the kids home. therefore, another reason is that your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms. the last reason is that a classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored. having this system on a classroom computer would help the kids out a lot. the reason i say that is because what if there is a kid strugggling really bad to understand the problem they are working on but are too shy and embarassed to ask the teacher for help. what are they going to do then, just take a bad grade and deal with? but, if they have the system on the computers in their classroom then the computer can just read their facial expression, see they are confused, and then help them by pulling up a helpful website. also if the kid is bored and the computer reads that then they can pull up a helpful website for the material that they are working on but is also a website that they can play games on. this shows that the coding system also can help students in a classroom if they are bored or confused. in conclusion the facial action coding system is valuable to students in a classroom because your video games could have more expressive faces, your pc at home cant handle the complex algorithms, and it can reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this system can help these kids in a lot of ways. i think this system will be effective and useful for students in classrooms. facial action coding is a good thing for kids and should be in schools everywhere.