a student is sitting in his seat alternating his facial expressions from a frown to a smile every other minute. the student is not necessarily happy, sad, or pocessing mixed emotions, but simply playing around and testing the new technolgy that has been placed in the classroom. new technology has been developed that can detect facial expressions. dr. hang predicts, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored. what he doesnt stop to think about is wether this technology would be distracting, or bring other negative effects to the students. the use of emotional expression reading technology is not valuable in a classroom because it can be a distraction, put forth false information leading to personal problems, and cause students to feel uncomfortable making them unable to learn. first, the use of technology that can calculate facial expressions would be a distraction to the students and the teacher in a classroom. technology such as telephones, ipods, and smart watches have been banned in the classroom at most schools. this is beacuse they are a distraction to learning. imagine a high technical computer that monitors all of  major muscles of your face to decect the percent ratio of the six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness placed in a classroom of students from the ages five to eighteen. this would lead to a lot of distraction beacuse most students at this age would be curious of how it works, and if it works. instead of listening to the lesson, the students would be messing around and trying out different facial expressions. this technology can also be distracting to the teacher beacuse they will have to be worrying about how their expressions are as well. they will be focusing on not looking negative, or being to harsh on the student since they are now being watched. this may ause them to not be as honest on feedback, and they may not be as focused on teaching. next, the technology in the classroom can put forth false information and casue personal problems. the technology can read, as previously mentioned the percent of how much anger, fear, and sadness you pocess. many students at this age are going through a lot of changes and have many mixed emotions. for example, if the technology detects a particular student contains a large amount of sadness, fear, and anger for so many days, the students parents should be notified because they could have emotional or mental issues. though the technology seems very well designed, sometimes our facial expressions contradict our actual emotions. the technology can put forth false information of how we are feeling, and cause serious personal problems. some people may believe the use of this technology in the classroom is beneficial becasue it monitors when students seem uniterested or bored, but a teacher can do such on their own, and all the many problems the technology gives is not worth it. finally, the technology can be a problem in the classroom beacuse it may cause students to feel uncomfortable. many students struggle with their presentation skills at this age beacuse they may feel insecure or pressured, knowing that people are watching them. with this technolgy watching their every move and expression changes, it may cause them the same kind of pressure. this can lead them to not want to participate in class. in school the best way a teacher knows if you understand the material is if you ask questions, answer, and are involved. if this techology stops them from that, then it should not be in the classroom. in most schools, cameras are not allowed in the classroom, so that rule should be applied to this use of technology as well. the use of emotional expression reading technology is not valuable in a classroom because it can be a distraction, malfunction and put forth false information, and cause students to feel uncomfortable making them unable to learn. in conclusion, the technology would bring a lot of problems to the students and teachers in the classroom. if there is only one good reason against many reasons not to have or do something then, it is usually not worth it. that rule applies here. facial recogniotion technology should not be in a classroom beacuse it is uneccessary and brings neagtive effects to the students and teachers.