there are many advantages of limiting car usage. it affects your mental health. it effects your environment. it effects people and companies economically, too. these articles provide a lot of information, and im going to use examples from the text to show you. first, limiting car usage affects peoples mental health. most people say it makes them happier using different modes of transportation. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two,... this is an example from the st article, in german suburb, life goes on without cars written by elizabeth rosenthal. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said buisnessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. heres another example, from carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota written by andrew selsky. although some people are mad having to use a bus or a train with other people, its a good stress reliever not having to drive all the time and not having to deal with the road rage. second, limiting car usage effects the environment. cars give off gas thats not good for the earth. the gas from the cars creates smog in some parts of the world. paris typically has more smog than any other european capitals... in that quote from paris bans driving due to smog written by robert duffer, it shows that the smog is having an affect of them. safety is also something that would be increased if we limited car usage. pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial, and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. with less cars around, people would be less likely to get hit. right now, many people die every day from a car accident or a hit and run. if we lessen the amount of cars on the road, wed also improve road rage and traffic flow. finally, limiting the amount of car usage would effect people and companies economically. people wouldnt have to pay for gas as much as they would have to. it would help out public transportation companies, like the company that runs the lynx busses or the line in chicago. it would cause a decline in autoinsurance companies and car companies that sell the cars. ...companies like ford and mercedes are already rebranding themselves mobility companies with a broader product range beyond the personal vehicle. this quote from the article the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal, shows that car companies are trying to stay ahead of their competition. theyre trying to appeal to people who prefer bikes or buses rather than a personal vehicle. ...recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. in this quote from the same passege, it shows that were already nearing this goal. car usage is already being limited by the newer generations of people who care about the planet and find it easier to bike or use public transportation. in conclusion, limiting the usage of cars would help a lot. i think that helping the environment would really be good for us as people. limiting the usage of cars would make it safer to walk around and bike outside, even drive. it helps people economically even though it hurts certain companies economically. it also helps us mentally by helping us be less stressful and calming down more easily. it would reduce road race as well as certain stress alltogether.