i dont agree with the agruement of driverless cars. one reason why i dont agree is that in the article it states they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. the reason why this isnt a reason why i would vote for a driverless car because if the driver falls asleep while driving, then the car would try interact with the driver and also dont know what to do in the situation. self driving cars ruins the car community of building, customizing, and also driving fast in the cars to show top acceleration. the car enthusits group want to be able to show their car to others and show their interest in cars. the self driving cars are going to take that from the car community. in the article it states wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? i agree with this statement because if there is a time period where people dont need to take over the car the human mind will be bored and try to find things to intertain themselves with. i believe that humans should be able to drive all the time. the only thing a smart car can do is show displays of how the driver surroundings are presented. there are going to be numerous amount of problems when the car is presented. for example in the text it states if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this problem shows how the manufacturer failed to alert the driver of the problem going on with the car. its not the driver fault for not being incontrol with the car. the car explained how it was going to alert the driver if it need human skill to help. inconclusion, this article about self driving cars is a dangerous task at hand. to refer back to the ninth paragraph, it shows how driving laws want to keep drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, but there is a probable chance of the technology failing.