many people in todays world depend on cars to get them places. they dont realize the effects cars have on our environment and how much better things would be if we limited car usage. there is many other ways of transportation that are much easier and better for our world. i believe car usage should be limited because it will cause less pollution, it will take away stress, and it will save people money. when cars are used, they release chemicals into the air which causes pollution. pollution is not good for our air and wears down our atmostphere. global warming has always been a serious matter with the amount of people who drive cars so if we cut back on the car usage, it would decrease the amount of pollution going into the air. in source  it shows an example of how paris had intesifying smog because of these cars. they banned cars for a couple days and the smog level dropped. also in source  it says  congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. when cutting down on car usage, it helps many things and can help you stay healthy and feeling good. another major reason we should cut down on car usage is that it will take away a lot of stress us humans have. in source , buisnessman carlos arturo plaza said  its a good opurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. imagine your driving down the road and some guy pulls in front of you without a blinker and you almost hit him, you get all mad and stressed out that you almost hit him. road rage is very common in drivers and we could decrease that stress with limiting car usage. also if you were to get into a car accident, that gives you so much stress which affects your everday life. to buy a car, you need lots of money. you need to buy the car, then buy insurance etc. why dont just save your money instead of buying a new car when you could just use some other form of transportation. in source  it states,  .. cash strapped americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployes werent going to work anyways. this shows that many people dont have the money to buy a car, why spend you money on a car that is not needed instead of buying something else. cars are not mandatory, you can get to places many other ways and could save lots of money. also you could save money on gas if you didnt have a car. in conclusion, limiting car usage will only result for the better. there is plenty of other ways of transportation that arent as harming and expensive as cars are.