imagine yourself in a driverless convertible. you think you have no worries and everything is perfect. the wind is running through your hair and you reach down to grab a pair of sunglasses. then all of a sudden your in a nasty road rage of cars and you crash. but how? driverless cars are supposed to be safe. in reality, so many things can go wrong and malfunction. who would be responsible in paying the hospital bills and car charges? the makers of the cars or the person in the drivers seat? not only can we not trust the cars but we can not trust us humans. as said in paragraph , why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?  everybody is different and will react differently or not react at all to the signals letting us know when it is our turn to drive. what happens if we get so bored we fall asleep and wakeup in a crash? even if there are rules and regulations to the driverless cars we are all not guarenteed to follow them. until there is more signals that will help every indivudual , no one should be driving driverless cars. what happens if a car malfunctions? you can not always trust the makers of the cars. malfunctions and recalls can be rare but happen often. cars are not always coded properly. what happens if the engineering code messes up and drives you somwhere else or into a ditch? there should be more saftey precautions other then the airbags and seat belts .these things are always bound to happen so we should always be prepared when it comes to new inventions. who is responsible in paying for the damage that happens? as said in paragraph ,  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? if the companies thought smarter they would know it is not a good idea to have driverless cars. not only are you saving time but you are saving money. there would be so many court cases on who is paying for hospital funds and that would cost a lot of many for the companies, that some may not be able to afford. overall, there should not be any driverless cars and they should make it illegal in all states. driverless cars are not safe, due to malfuctions , and the irrespossibility of us careless humans. unless there is more testing and helpful signals to keep all individuals safe there should be no driverless cars.