many scientists working for nasa, as well as myself, have found, and taken pictures of a natural landform on mars that resembles a face. we have discovered a very unique landform. some people, like you, believe that the face is some form of an alien monument. i do not believe that this is a claim that can be supported, nor is it a true claim, but i can see where your ideas come from. the scientists i work with, along with myself, believe that this is definantly just a natural landform on mars. when the pictures first came from the viking  spacecraft, we were suprised, but that didnt last long. we realized that this is just another martian mesa. we realized that the only reason why this landform looked like an egyptian pharaoh was because of the unusual shadowing. taking another picture of the face was necessary to us when mgs arrived at mars in . when the mgs flew over the face it took another picture that was much better than those that the viking  took. this picture really proved to us that this was just a natural landform. since that day was cloudy, some people didnt believe that the picture was sufficient. in , we got yet another picture that proved to us that this was just another natural landform. with the technology and the camera used to take the picture, if there were small shacks near the face or unusual markings on the face we would have been able to see them. there was no actual markings or egyptianstyle pyramids near or on the face, so we decided it is just a natural landform similar to middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. when we first found this face i could see where you were coming from about thinking it is an alien monument. you may think that it could be something they worship, or it just represents something like our statues do. you may also think that nasa scientists, like me, just dont want to share about the fact that there might be alien lifeforms, but i think that if we knew anything about that we would want to share and profit off of it. also this is not an alien monument because if we thought that it was, we would want to explore it more and get it out to the public, but were not. this should probably give you and your fellow believers about it being an alien monument a clue that it really is just a landform. so, in conclusion, this natural landform that looks like a face is simply just a natural landform similar to what we have on earth. aliens did not create this to resemble a face, it is just a result of shadowing on the landform.