normally in everyones mind when they are a teenager they want to have a car to go to places such as the mall, beach, etc. there are advantages though to limiting car usage. the whole planet should really hear or read about it, its amazing to what these advantages can do for you, others, and our ecosystem. the first of many reasons why we should limit car usage is because of greenhouse gas emissions. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of gas emissions in europe. . . and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united statessource . this just shows the evidence by the future if this keeps going like this the whole entire planet would be all polluted which would make living conditions harder than they have to be. heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two states when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this waysource . looking at this quote tells me that she must have been stressed with the car, maybe it was because of the traffic or the gas bill who knows, but she does feel happier without it so she must feel more at ease that her area is not cramped up with cars. in vauban, germany if you own a car where the tram to downtown freiburg runs, there are only two places to parklarge garages at the edge of the development, where a car owner must buy a space, for ,, along with a home. well sign me up with a bike or running shoes because i dont have that kind of money to spend just to live in a area with no cars. furthermore i would like to go to paris, but sources state that paris typically has more smog than other european capitalssource . reuters had found  micrograms of particulate matter or pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london. that is pretty bad and knowing that people say that you must go to paris, yeah sure for i can get polluted air into my system got it. diesel fuel was blamed, since frtance has . . . a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. according to reuters diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europesource . even bogata, columbia has a carfree day and if you dont follow the rules of carfree day you will be fined . carlos arturo plaza stated its a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, as he and his wife rode a twoseat bicycle with his wifesource . it is just clear that most areas in the world are trying to change the way we live our lives for the sake of all human life. it is a good oppurtunity to relieve stress and lower air pollution as the source stated before. so the next time you want a car think to yourself which one is much more helpful to the planets ecosystem?