the author supports the study of venus ia a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. one detail from the artical is that the atmosphere has a  perecnt carbon dioxide on venus. a second detail from the passage is the planet surfaces, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmosperic perssure is  greater than earths. a third detail from the passage is striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value. a fourth detail from the passage is a the insight is to be gained on the planet itself but also human curiosity. a fith detail from the passage is that expanding to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. a sixth detail passage is researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. a seventh detail from the passage is at thirtyplus miles above the surface temperatures would be hot at  gegrees fahrenheit. another detail from the passage is earth, such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our ocean and would liquefy many metals. a nineth detail from the passage is solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels not easy conditions! but survivable for humans. a tenth detail from the passage is a ship orbiting or hovering safely above the planet can be safer. a elventh detail from the passage is many researchers are working on innovations that allow machines to last longer. a tewelth detail from the passage is old computers will help researchers last machines longer. a thirdteenth detail from th passage is systems can use mechanical parts be more resistant to heat pressure, heat, and other forces. a fourthteenth detail from this passage is nasa is working on approaches to beat the harmful condition of venus. a fithtenth deatil from this passage is previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. a sixthtenth detail from this passage is issue explain why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. a seventhtenth detail from this passage is numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study. last detail from this passage is erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and lightning strikes. all these details show what the author supports the study of venus ia a worthy pursuit despite the danger.