the use of a facial reading computer in a class seems a bit useless. why use a computer to think about lessons if the student is purely bored or sad when school isnt ment to be fun. yes, being happy is the greatest feeling in the world, but in a classroom, students shouldnt always get what they want but what they need for the near future. technology shouldnt always be used for lessons or homework most of the time, but it is sometimes neccsscary to create online lessons for either snowdays or  hour delays. in a quote a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr.huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. in that quote, it states that a facial reading computer could change lessons like a effective human instuctior. how is the student learning? yes, the lesson could be changed into something more easier, but why give the student something hard at first then explain it? thats a waste of valuable time for any type of lessons. if the student is bored, he or she is not taking school seriously. school isnt a playground where students have fun. they could have fun in their specials like art or gym etc. but in a classroom, students should take their time with their work like their life depends on it. in the same paragraph it states most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communications, nostes dr.huang, so computers need to understand that too. so if they bring a face reading computer into a classroom, is the teacher gonna be fired? the use of a face reading computer inside a classroom is still useless. why bring a  thousand dollar computer into a classroom that is used to read faces and change lessons when a student is bored? thats why schools have actually teachers, cause theyre already there. at the end of this, expensive face reading computer are still useless and less valuable when there is already an actual human that could do that for less.yes, being happy is the greatest feeling in the world, but in a classroom, students shouldn always get what they want but what they need for the near future.