i dont know what to think about a car that drives its self. its crazy to think how far technology has came today. some of all this new technology stuff is good and some of it is bad. i think that the phone, watches, computers and stuff like that is good, but a car that drives its self i think is dumb. one reason that i think a car that drives its self is dumb is because you never know when the computer that is running that car is gonna crash, and if that computer crashes it could make that vehicle turn really hard one way, slam on the breaks, punch the gas, or anthing like. if that would happen it could seriously injur or kill anyone in the car or even people that are not in the car. i think that the engineers that are building these ordenary cars are probably really really smart, but i still dont like the idea of a car driving its self. i drive a  gmc sierra  and i love it. it is still ran by a computer and the computer could mess up but its not going to effect my breaks or my stearing wheel becuase they are not ran by a computer, they are ran by me and i trust that. i do not think that it would be safe to have a car the drove its self  miles per hour down the interstate, but if you are sittin in really slow traffic it might not be to bad. my friends moms car has a button that you push and the car will parrell park for you. one day when she had just got it my friend, his mom, and i were in town and he wanted to see if the parell park thing works and when it stared driving its self it kind of got out into the road and a semi almost hit us. if she would have park her self then the semi probably would not have been that closr to us, so i dont like cars that drive themselves. i think if companys start advertising these cars and a lot of peole start to buy them, i think that they will not like them and want to go back to a car that they are in full control of. also, if i owned a car manufactor i would want to create and sell a car that drives itself. if you create a car that drives itself and a custmer buys one of these cars and its driving itself and they are in a wreck and it was the car that drives itselfs fault then that custmer is going to sew me like no tomorrow. if you go to court anf loose the case, depending on how much you have to pay them your probably gonna end up buything them a new car. if the companys have to do this a lot then they are gonna quit making the cars, which i think will happen. i am sure one day after all these cars will come out but i can promiss you that i or any of my family will ever have one. i believe in things that i am in control of. i think that the companys should try to make one and make money on they that would be great for them. it is crazy to think of how far the technology had came today and its pretty cool to see all of it being make. i am a pretty basic kid so i will stick to the basic things like a car that does not drive its self.