will vehicles be gone in the near future? many movements have started due to cars polluting the air and melting the polar ice caps. for one, a community has been built where cars are not allowed, and a carfree movement started in bogata, columbia three years ago that banned vehicles other than buses and taxes. also, due to deisel cars polluting the air that made paris be on par with chinas pollution, they ended up banning cars for some time. since world war ii, all of our development has been centered on the car, said david goldberg, an official of transportation for america. the environmental protection agency of the united states is promoting car reduced communities. many hope that public transport serving suburbs play a much larger role in a new sixyear federal transportation bill to be approved this year.  percent of appropriations have by law only gone to highways and  percent to other transport. vauban, which was completed in , is one example that seperates suburban life from auto use. as a result of , dollars being needed to buy a space for a car along with a home,  percent of vaubans families do not own cars. vauban, with a population of over , residents, might be the most advanced lowcar suburban life experiment. bogota, columbia has started with a carfree day which is spinning into a big hit. millions of columbians either hiked, biked, skated or took buses to get to their destinations during the carfree day. for three straight years, in the capital city of bogata,  million people were able to get to their destinations without the use of cars. as said by one of the residents of bogota, its a good opportunity to take away stress and air pollution.  miles of bicycle paths have been made due to the improvement campaign that was created in the mids. many parks and sportss centers have also bloomed throughout the city due to the campaign and ban on vehicles. due to all the congestion and pollution, paris ended up issuing a partial driving ban to clear the air of pollution. in the following days, motorists with either even or odd numbered plates were either forced to leave their cars at home or pay a fine of  dollars. due to the fact that france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline, they were blamed for the pollution in the air.  percent of vehicles in france are diesel vehicles. after  days congestion was down about  percent which rivaled the pollution was in beijing, china which is know as one of the most hugely polluted cities in the world. due to paris putting a temporary ban on cars, they had complains about companies losing revenue. when the pollution in the air started to clear up enough, the ban on cars was lifted. in conclusion, cars might end up being banned in multiple places around the globe to help with pollution. according to experts, it is said that there has recently been a large drop in the usage of cars and it will continue to drop. demographic shifts suggests that there has been a large decline in the percentage of  to  year olds getting licenses to drive vehicles. a study last year has also showed that driving by young people has declined  percent between  and . many studys have showed that the decline in people getting licenses and driving will continue to reduce rapidly.