many european countries have been making a move towards limiting car usage in efforts of halting pollution, adding exercise to everyday life, conserve resources, and improve safety for others. an example of this phenomenon is vauban, germany, where suburbs are not allowed to drive vehicles. doing this has helped improve society by bringing people closer to each other and removing the stress of traffic. other people create a holiday for this, carfree day, where people can only get around by public transportation and walking. as countries become more urbanized, there is a lesser need for cars to get around as the city is closing in on us. various countries have been making cities more dense and bring stores and businesses closer to neighborhoods, with the idea of smart planning. this idea is making communities more compact, like vaubans , residents living within a square mile. with this, the need of cars is drastically reduced, creating a stress free environment that is less polluted and clean. also, to dicourage the use of cars, there are only parking garages on the edge of town and barely any parking spots, leaving more room for sidewalks and housing developement. people began to walk socialize along the way, allowing exercise and social benefits. car pollution has been a major problem ever since the first cars were made. in the paris, the smog became so thick, they had to partially ban driving. even license plates one day, the next odd license plates. congestion was down  after  days of intense smog. this pollution was due to the french government subsidizing and favoring diesel fuels. in this time, all public transits were free of charge and people walked to get to where they needed to be. however, delivery companies lost revenue, but exceptions such as plug in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying  or more people. in america, the reccession has had a devastating effect on some people, many couldnt afford to drive due to gas prices, and sold their cars. a study last year has found that driving by young people decreased  between  and . this means that public transportation, carpooling, and pedestrian are becoming a more commonly used way of getting from a to b, and are more affordable. companies like ford got together at the mobile world congress and laid out a business plan for a world in which vehicle ownership is impractical and undesirable. their chairman, bill ford, proposed partnerships with telecommunication companies. they want to make cities that are more based on pedestrain, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportion. doing this, they think it will save time, conserve resources, lower emissions, and improve safety. the world changes slowly, and these ideas might never catch on. today, there is a lesser need of cars as cities become more urbanized and as we start facing an environmental problem. better city layouts are being made to reduce the need for vehicles by bring businesses closer to neighborhoods. people are sponsoring no car days, smog reduces, and people find that they dont need cars to get around.