computers, we all like using computers its one of the things more used around the world. computers are use at work, school, home, hospitals and ect. since computers are use so much around the world its only right that people keep making new advance computers that can change the future. how advance can computers get.? well by reding this article it shows the new level of computer that people have made. new software from prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of ilinois, working in collaboration with prof. nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam that can reed how you feel even do if you fake it. according with the article it says this new d computer model of the face, all  major muscle in the model most move like a human muscle, so it can detect the feeling. they classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness, and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. this its crazy it says if you not smiling right, like happy there a video imagery that recognition software tracks these facial movements in a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. some times we have trouble describing the look in our friend face if they happy sad or ect., but dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. i personal think this is a bad ideal, becuase people feeling its very personal. example if someone in your family die and you feel so sad put you dont want people to know about it and here comes a computer and detects your feeling and people going to start asking, oh hey, why are you so sad and that will make people more mad. i mean i could work sometimes like if you see a girl and the computer detects that she sad and need someone, you could go and try to make her happy and see if that changes something. i think a lot of people wont like it either because they think its violationg their feelings. i think this computer will work if only used the right way, i mean for something good or to help people be happy.