the seagoing cowboys program is great for people who like animals, sailing, and like to travel. getting paid to travel is a great way to earn money. being a sea cowboy isnt alway easy, but its worth all the hardwork and effort. its a great job for any hardworkers and is fun for anyone who decides to join the seagoing cowboy program. no one will regret joining the program. those who like to sail this is a great job. it will be a couple weeks on the water to sail and experience the waters of many oceans and seas. one trip is to china and takes two weeks. that is a great time to enjoy sailing. when not working, on the way back, all sea cowboys can play volleyball, baseball, and other games too. its not always work so they can have freetime during their travels. not only is it great for sailors, but its also good for animal people. people who like to work with animals or just take care of animals have a great oppourtunity too. one of the animal jobs is a night watchman. they checkup on all the animals once every hour during the night. that means its not just all work. there are other animal jobs too, like feeding the animals and giving them water. there are great things for animal workers with the seagoing cowboy program. with the sailors and animal caretakers there are oppourtunities to see the world. the sea cowboys travel to many places to ship animals. when they get to the place where they are shipping to, cowboys can see the places and explore forein lands. not only do they get to see other places, they also get to see the waters of many places and may see lands off in the distance. there are many great oppourtunities for everyone! seeing the world is fun, even if someone has to work during it. caring for animals is great for people who have or like animals. if a cowboy just wants to sail they can man the ship. being part of the seagoing cowboys program is amazing for anyone. being a part of this program is a great way to have fun and earn money at the same time. come be a sea cowboy to help many nations in need.