greenhouse gases are a major problem all over the world. almost all forms of transportation emit these and people are starting to take notice. heavy, dark smog hangs over cities for weeks at a time like a depression and by just simply limiting cars on the streets for a few days, an extravagant improvement can be made. with greenhouse gas emissions increasing by the day, some cities have begun to limit or even ban driving all together, with the exception of public transportation. the environment is reaping the benefits with every car taken off the street. after days of reaching nearrecord pollution in paris, they enforced a partial ban to relieve themselves of the intensifying smog. evennumbered license plates were ordered to stay home for the first day and oddnumbered the next. they alternated every day for one week. a fine was issued to those that did not abide resulting in almost , drivers ticketed, according to reuters. typically, paris has more smog than other european cities. in this particular week, they had  micrograms of particulate matter versus  in brussels and . in london. by the end of the week the air had made drastic improvement and the ban was lifted. a more permanent display of a city wanting to improve air conditions is present in vauban, germany. cars are indeed allowed, but the only places to park are on the edge of the development, and a space can cost as much as ,. the main public transport still runs and most people ride bikes to get around. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and as much as  percent in heavily populated areas in the united states. this upscale suburban city in germany is making impact around the world, influencing more accessibility to public transportation and stores. warm, bogota, columbia makes a celebration out of a nationwide daylong ban on cars. warm temperatures tend to trap greenhouse gases which creates smog over cities. only buses and taxis are permitted on the day without cars. violaters also faced a fine here but millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, and enjoyed the day. this day is part of an improvement campaign that began in the mids. bogota has constructed  miles of bycicle path, more than any latin american city. parks have bloomed and other forms of transportation has been made easily accessible. in america, recent studies suggest that citizens have been buying and driving fewer cars and getting fewer licences each year. has car culture really started to diminish? the number of miles driven peaked in  and has steadily dropped afterwards. if the pattern persists carbon emissions will be greatly decreased and the enviroment will definitely take notice. transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, right behind power plants. the decrease in car commuting may find reason in the recession, and it may become a new habit. wether the millenials will buy more cars when they have kids remains an open question, but it is very much doubted. greenhouse gas emissions from cars are very detrimental to the enviroment and even ourselves. just by limiting how much cars are used in ordinary day we can preserve our earth. it is apparent that people already cut back on using cars for financial reasons, why dont we begin to cut back for environmental?