driverless cars are our future, whether we want them to be or not. since the first inventions people have always been opposed to new things. driverless cars should not be one of them. they should be excepted because well, they are a good idea. think about something machine made. anything at all. if you have two of those, compare them. are they identical? lets be honest, machines are perfect in what they do. unlike humans, machines can all be programed the same, and will each do the same thing just as well as any other one would. humans, on the other hand, make mistakes. if all cars are programmed the same way, they would all drive and react to situations the same way. in other words, they could be programed to always follow the speed limit and other laws. some people just dont care about that sort of thing. no one would get hurt, even if you spent the whole night drinking. the driverless cars today give the ones of the future a bad rep. technology is quickly improving. if you think all the sensors and other gadgets on todays cars are cool, wait until todays brainiacs really get down to working on them. you have to remember though, humans do make mistakes. malfunctions are likely to happen, but if they do, way less people would be getting hurt compared to today. how many people die due to texting and driving every year? driverless cars could stop that from happening. ever again. all those crosses you may see on the side of the road are a sign to what could be avoided. driverless cars could stop putting those up all together. the people involved in making todays driverless cars are already putting something together. while youre sitting in your car thats driving itself, you may get bored. pop up entertainment systems are already under consideration. though today the driver will be alerted to any hazard on the road, and the pop up would be put away, that would not be the case in the future. you could text away and the car could handle any situation the road throws at it. i do believe, however, that people should still learn how to drive. if the car does fail, and stop working, the person in the vehicle should be able to take control of it and get it off of the road. people against this new innovation have good reasons as to why they are. i understand not being in control can worry many people, but driverless cars that work the way i explained are far from becoming a reality. the people of the future can slowly be weaned into this new car. to them, owning a car that drives itself will be no different then how we feel about our cars today. these cars are the future, a future in which accidents are a rarity and stupid people behind the wheel cant hurt anyone on the road anymore. so dont be afraid of this new idea, embrace it. driverless cars, when completed and working to the best of their ability could save many lives, and lead the world to a new exciting future.