you know how in the old cartoons like the jetsons and etc , fantasize the future with flying cars and travel tubes. i think this is the next step to living like the jetsons. you can drive your car with out really driving who wouldnt like to do that? but with everything thats good theirs always a bad side and their have been many concerns about these new self driven cars. i personally dont think that we are ready for this kind of technology.  something not available to drivers trying to text and drive with a cell phone paragraph . we cant even pay attentions in the cars we have because we are to busy trying to be on our phones . america alone has had a numerous amount of accidents in the past couple of years and alot of them end in fatality. with a car that you dont have to be focused on  will probably just make matters worse. america is jsut simply not ready to keep their hand on the steering wheel and off their screens. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer?  paragraph . this big what if question, what if the technology forgets to remind the driver that its their turn to drive. what if the system over corrects the car and causes an accident. what if the sensors stop sensing. their are alot of plausable what ifs with these cars. personally, a little bit too many what ifs. these producers should just wait till they can assure most of these issues will never happen. plus, most of these cars will be so expensive so no one will really be able to drive them in the general population. so a waste of money and product for a car to sit some where in a ware house, rusting away. the people of america are not ready for these  self drivin cars to be out on the street. first we have to make sure we can drive without the cars help safetly then go from their. the development on these cars need to be holted until they can assure most of the problems that might occur. but if they do make a model with none of these concerns im all for theself driven auto mobiles.