venus is a very interesting planet, who wouldnt want to discover more about it?studying venus as the author said is a good idea because it allows people to discover something new that could possibly become the second home of humans, expand peoples imagination, and finding new innovations for a new planet or new earth for humans. in the passage it said in paragraph , numerous factos contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us, meaning that if its going to be challenging to discover and examine venus, these scientists will do everything possible to learn its weaknesses and strengths, even if it takes decades to make it possible. the passage also said in paragraph , why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, meaning that astronomers are doing everything possible to examine venus, and possible that these humans are able to exist in this planet futher more centries. many people may not notice, but venus has many things that not many know of or are aware of. for example, in paragraph  it says, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus... these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth, meaning that these conditions that venus has may be very extreme and humans must be cautious when entering this planet. in the passage it also says that , venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system... vensian geology and weather present, additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface, meaning that venus is also comparable to earth, although they do have their differences. venus is not only allowing people to make new innovations, but expanding their imagination and allowing them to challenge themselves and keep pushing themselves until they feel satisfied for how much they have discovered. in the passage it stated,the national aeronautics and space administrationnasa has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus, showing that they will keep inventing and creating new ideas until they are able to discover enough information to allow any human being into this planet. lastly these creative scientists have created new innovations and materials allowing them to enter this dangerous planet called venus. in paragraph  it said, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray showing that these scientists are working from their failures and improving from them. also in paragraph  it said, therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks... many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus, showing that these scientists are doing everything they can, and examining on what they are able to create despite of their failures and trying to contribute to the planet. in paragraph  it also says, our travelson earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation, showing that people will expand more their ideas, and push more their imagination allowing them to create and discover new things and materials for this planet venus. in conclusion, the author should be able to study about venus and attract many peoples attention showing them new discoveries, and new innovations. it will show these human beings that they will be able to live upon another earth and allow them to face new challenges on this planet called venus.