driverless cars were bound to be coming soon. can you even imagine a time in the future where you dont have to drive your own car? as time aged so did our technology by getting more vast and advanged. i am very against the new development of these new cars because i think theyre not safe at all. a human should alsway have to drive on their own because anything couple happen. one minutue with your eyes off the road, a sensor being read wrong, alerts not going off like supposed too, or even the wrong alert going off. there are even many different laws that were pasted in different states to not allow driverless cars. you just never know what could go wrong and youll simply have no control over what happens. driverless cars sound like a pretty cool idea right? just think about it a driverless car? no way right? you dont have to be contol over the wheel at all times. you can just sit back and let the car do what its supposed to do. eating breakfast on the way to work in the moring instead of wasting time at home. there countless amazing reason why this would sound like a marveless idea but then again you have to sit back and think about you and everyone else around you saftey. technology will always need a humans help for anything. think about your phone wouldnt opperate without you assistance, computer, even a stero the list goes on and on. think about your car driving by itself, what if you take your eyes off the wheel for about thirty senconds thinking your okay to grab something out the back seet real quick. then something with the car went wrong? the you most likly would be ending up in an accident. just for taking your eyes off the road for juts thirty senconds. think about back into the stories it says to get the drivers attention quickly is to vibrate the drivers seat or flashing lights on the windshield to alert the driver but what if the driver doesnt have a quick respond like right away? then boom, you crash and now you want to blame the manufactoring company. it woul just be better if you were awear on whats going on, on your own. technology isnt always perfect like just like humans, they tend to malfunction here and there. looking back into the stories it talks about sensors being out on the cars. have it ever came across your mind if a sensor read wrong? for expample, your pulling out of a parking spot and your car doesnt alert you fast enough that there is a car coming and the other car isnt paying attention. now whose fault would that be? youd blame the manufactoring company even if it was probaly your fault. it would just be a better idea to not put yourself in that situation. people in other states are still waiting for the law to be passed like california, nevada, flordia, and many more. theyre not even allowed to do test driving and stuff like we do everywhere else thats legal. they made it illegal for a very good reason and i believe it should stay that way. there are too many poeple on the road driving everyday and they would like to feel safe. they dont want something going wrong with the cars and accident everyday. theyre doing fine with regular cars now, just be better off if everyone stayed that way. you always have to be thinking about the poeple around you instead of just yourself. the car might be driving smart but poeple drive like idots. think hard about your safety before getting these cars. there not a one hundred percent guarentee. yeah the cars sound like a really good idea and a fun new way of driving but it coould be really danergous as well. therefore, you have to put your saftey and anyone elses safety first. better safe than sorry like they people always say. we were doing fine without all this technology before and i think we can keep that going. were doing fine with the cars we have now.