in the artilce the challenge of exploring venus the writer presents the idea that though exploration of venus is dangerous it will be worthwhile in the long run. in the intro of the article the writer opens up by saying venus is sometimes called the evening star. the writer explains that the nickname given to venus came about because venus is very easily spotted from earth even though venus is a planet and not a star. the writer then goes on to say  while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. paragraph two and three expains venus is similar to earth but also how venus is dangerous. paragraph two opens up how venus is often referred to as earths twin because of venus is closest to earth in terms of density and size. the writer then explains how earth, venus, and mars are planetary neighbors and how all three planets orbit the sun at different speeds and how sometimes how mars will sometimes be closer to earth and how sometimes venus is closer to earth. the writer then goes on to talk about how humans have sent multiple unmanned spacecrafts to venus but none have reached the surface of the planet due to the various factors that make venus a challenging planet for humans to study. paragraph  explains the dangerous aspects of venus. the writer opens up with how a thick atmosphere of almost nintey seven percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. the writer then goes on to talk about how average tempatures on venus are over eight hundred degrees fahrenheit and how the atmosperic pressure is nintey times greater than earth and that these conditions are far more extreme than earths conditions. opening up paragraph four the writer asks  if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists evn discussing further visits to its surface?. the writer explains that astronomers are interested by venus because it may have once been the most earth like planet in our solar system saying that venus may have been once covered largely with oceans and could have supported many different forms of life. the writer then says that even now venus still has vast surfaces of rockey sediment and includes familiar features similar to earth. the writer then makes a statement saying that  the value of returning to venus seems indisutable. paragraph  opens up with how nasa been discussing sending humans to venus. the writer then goes on to talk about how in order for this idea to work nasa would have to make a special spacecraft that would have to be thirty miles above the surface of venus. the writer then goes into specifics of how maintaining life on the spacecraft would work. paragraph six continues with how the spacecraft would operate. the writer then talks about how scientists would not be able to collect samples from the surface of venus and how scientists are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. paragraph seven mainly talks about nasa and their other approches to studying venus. the writer eplains that nasa did a experiment where electrons made of silicon carbide were tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface. the particles only lasted three weeks. it is then explained how nasa was looking to use old technology called mechanical computers. the writer eplains that these computers used gears and levers and no electronics at all. the writer then goes on to talk about how this computer would do better resistance wise in venuss environment. finally in paragraph eight the writer talks about how striving to meet the challenges presented by venus has value meaning that though it will be difficult to explore venus it will be worth it because humanity will have more research on our sister planet along with that our travels should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this means that we should not let dangerous situations limit human exporation and evolution.