am i for or against the development of driverless cars? i am completely for the development of driverless cars. i am for the driverless cars because it would help a lot with accidents involving texting and driving, with drunk driving, and with falling asleep while driving. am i for or against the development of driverless cars? i am for driverless cars because it would help a lot with accidents involving texting and driving. texting and driving wouldnt be as much of a problem if the driver is not actually driving the car themselves. being distracted from the road and texting people wouldnt cause an accident if a car was driving itself. in the article it mentions things about the cars that they test drive inproving in great amounts over the years. in paragraph  it says, within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. the cars become smarter and more advanced as there years go on, just like technology. am i for or against the development of driverless cars? drunk driving wouldnt be as much as an issue with these cars. a lot of the time when someone goes out and gets drunk they have to have a chaperone who wont drink to drive them home. sometimes they cant find one, and live too far to walk so they just make the decision to drive themselves home, which is never ever smart. if they make that decision then car wrecks can happen and people can get majorly hurt, even killed. but this car can be like the chaperone cars obviously cant get drunk. you can trust this car to safely take you home. am i for or against the development of driverless cars? another issue that would kind of be solved with these cars is falling asleep while youre driving. falling asleep while driving is very dangerous, and can hurt so many people. everytime that my dad is driving at night, i am always on high alert watching him and making sure he doesnt fall asleep, because its happened before. luckily, no one got hurt but we so easily could have been. with driverless cars, this wouldnt be a problem. if you fall asleep behind the wheel, big deal you are not driving the car. in the passage it does say that some cars alert you when there is a problem that the car cant handle, but the car can always wake you up. and its a lot safer than falling asleep in anormal car and driving off the road or hitting someone else because you, nor anybody else, has control over the car. am i for or against the development of driverless cars? am i for or against the development of driverless cars? i am completely for it. i am for the driverless cars because it would help a lot with accidents involving texting and driving, drunk driving, and with falling asleep while driving. are you for or against the development of driverless cars?