for many years scientists have studied the planet called venus. venus is the second planet from our sun and it is the most earth like planet in our solar system. scientists have brought different types of spacecrafts or rovers on venus for them to observe, but no spacecraft has survived a long amount of time. they have attempted to land these craft on venus but not one of them has landed and stayed for more than a few hours. the article says that, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth today. this just makes scientists and people want to explore more of what venus could have been. the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. a lot of scientists have thought of the same things and wondered what if it was possible. some space programs such as the national aeronautics and space administration nasa have already taken action on this mission.they have had an idea of sending humans to venus for studing purposes. temperatures would vary from  degrees fahrenheit but the air pressure would be close to sea level on earth. they have said, not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this is a mission that can most likely be done despite the risks or challenges. every scientist has had this mission on their mind and wondering when it will happen. they have said, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. which means doing the mission could change a lot of things in this world. they also said, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubt but should be expanded to meet the very edges of immagination and innovation. this is something everyone should think about and with everyones help this will be done and no matter the tough obstacles they will face, it will make them do it more and work harder for it.