i think that the seagoing cowboy program sounds fun. i think that it will make you be more smart in what you are doing. going to places and doing things like the seagoing cowboy program will bost up your confidence to try more things. in the story he was ready to go try out at the seagoing cowboy program. i think that that would be a good thing for every one to do. in the story it says that he is old enough to go to military service. that shows that the trip made him think that he could be in the military. the text saysluke turned  before arriving in greece, which meant he could be drafted for military service.if you try out for this the seaging cowboy program it might make you think of doing military school. or try even better things. the text says it opend up the world to him. if you still dont think that you are ready to go here than here are a few things that i pulled out of the text that is telling you what this program is about. it says that they are hireing people to take care of animals. the text saysunrra hired seagoing coyboys totake care of the hores,young cow,and mules that were shiped over seas.the text also saysto help these countries recover their supplies,animlas,and more, nations joined together to form unrra.since the unrra is going to be hiring you to work with the you might be able to become a unrra and help people get there things back. this event will be so fun and exciting because you get to do all kinds of fun and cool things. like i was saying it will help you do more things in life. the text says it opend up the world to him.the text also says im grateful for the opportunity.that shows that this event made him want to do more. like it says it opend up the world to him,if he would have not went to this event than he would have not have done so mary great things. so like i have been saying it will be such a great thing to go to this event. i bet that so many people have went there and have got more open to the world. if you go there you never know you might just make this world a better place. so when you get a second just think about how you can go there and make the world a better place. just think more about what you can do yourself,becasue you could change the world.