over the years cars have been known to be a very useful for transportation and to get people to their destination. but not everybody thinks cars should be used as much or at all, for many reasons. but there is only two main reasons why people disagree that cars are needed, that is pollution and people have less exercise. because of these two reasons companies,programs and even president obama are trying to reduce the use of cars. they are trying to figure out a way to help both the environment and peoples well being. pollution seems to be increasing over time because of cars. for that reason is why companies, programs and obama are trying to decrease the use of cars. for example obama has goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions to help the pollution go down. america has so much love for vehicles, but studies show that americas love affair with its cars has been decreasing. year by year americans seem to buy buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licences. since  the number of miles driven as dropped steadily. most people see cars as the easier and quicker way to get to where they want to get. because of these reason is why people dont exercise and they are not has healthy and fit as they should be. bogota, columbia has a program that is set to spread to other countries. the program has made a carfree day where people dont use their cars all day. they either hike, ride a bike, skat, took buses and even walked to their destination. i honestly think that is a great program because i dont think people should always rely on there cars to get where they have to. doing all of these things helps people because that is healthier and it less pollution as well. next time you think about getting driving your car somewhere, think about how your going to increase the environments pollution. there are so many different ways to gets to your destination that are better for you and the environment you live in. there are great programs all around the united states that are trying to decrease the use vechicles which is slowly working as the year goes by. next time you wanna go somewhere ride a bike , take a bus or even walk to where ever it is you want to go because people shouldnt be depending on their vechicles as much as they think.