humans have been curious about what is out beyond the sky for a long time. from ancient greek and roman astronomers who thought the earth was the center of the universe, to galielio who proved them wrong, humans have been wondering about what is truly out there amoung the heavens and the stars. in the the challenge of exploring venus, the author, despite the many harrowing challenges metioned, strongly and effectively supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit, calling to that innate human want to know. one way he supports this endavor is through scientific logic. he cites how similar venus is to earth saying, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. one of the best ways to support a point is through factual evidence. by making clear that venusian exploration makes logical sense, the author strengthens his argument. the fact that venus is earthlike and at times very close distance wise to her, makes exploring venus seem like the next logical step. this scientific backing gives the mission to know more about venus crediblity and adds a sense of noblitiy, which makes it seem worthy. without scientific backing it would seem like a farfetched dream, unworthy of any time or effort. the author also effectively supports the exploration of venus through emotional means. he does this by dangling the possibility of life on venus. he states,venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. it is basic human nature to want to not be alone. the want on community drives humans to great lengths to find others like them. humans have and contiune to cross oceans, battle fields, and other challenging situations in order to not be by themselves. this pursuit for companionship extends to the exploration of venus. despite the temperature of venuss surface being over  degrees fahernheit and it having an atmospheric pressure ...  times greater than earths humans are still trying to think of ways to go there on the slim chance that there might be or might have been life there at one point. all in the hopes that humans might not be so alone in this grand universe. by tapping into the basic need and want to not be alone the author makes a strong case for the worthiness of venusian exploration because many see the search for other life as noble cause and can relate with it. another way the author supports his point is by giving expamples of the progress already made and supplying hope. one of the challenges venusian exploration faces is the weather on venus. venus has eurpting vlocanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strkies. these condtions would frighten anyone. but to combat them, the author informs the reader about a possible solution proposed by nasa of a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. in doing so, the author makes the problems seem easier to solve while at the same time providing hope through a possible solution. by showing that the exploration of venus might indeed be possible that author is able reenforce the worthiness of pursuing venus. the question changes from can it be done? to how should it be done? which makes it seem like a worthy adventure. the author also give the pursuit hope by diplaying a possible way for it to actually happan. this can get people excited and add to the fervor and want to find out what venus is really like. through the use of scientific logic, emotional motivation, and inspiring hope, the author of the challenge of exploring venus is able to take an endavor that seems impossible and turn it into a worthy adventure that many can relate with and want to happen. the author taps into human curiousity and exploits it. in the same way the drive to explore the moon enabled humans to reach new heights, so to does the author depict the study of venus an epic mission, worthy of adverse challenges humans will face to accomplish it.