driverless cars seems like a dream come true for many people. we have all viewd images of what driverless cars might be like in the future.those images have inspired new inventions from sources such as google and bmw. i think that driverless cars are a great idea, but they may take away from the experience of actual driving. driving is something that many people love to do, why give it up? although i would not like to give up driving, driverless cars can offer humans many opportunities. the benefits of having driverless cars are less accidents due to texting, more free time, faster transportation, and less car accidents overall. driverless cars could also result in the elimination for gas. driverless cars in the future might be green and electric.i think that driverless cars could be the safer idea, but some things just dont work out. having a technical car could also have some downfalls. driverless cars could malfunction in the middle of your trip. this malfunction could be due to the fast paced process of putting the car together. when driverless cars are a thing many people will want to buy them. this means that manufacturers are going to produce bundles of those cars. manufacturers wont have time to test each car, so some with problems might slip through their fingers. what if there is a problem on the street that the driverless car cannot handle alone?driverless cars today still needs the assistance of a human to overcome obstacles such as skids. driverless cars today have sensors that alert the human if there is a problem. in the future they may not include sensors. manufacturers sell you confidence, and things they make themselves believe. sensors would make you think,hey this car might not be the brightest idea. safety is a huge thing when driving a car. most states wont even allow the testing of driverless cars. sensors are very useful in cars. they alert you when something is wrong. driverless cars with sensors is a good idea. even if the car can withstand the obstacle on its own, the human should still be on standby. as the passage stated it was too expensive to make the roads smarter, so the cars should be the smartest. if a driverless car gets into a car accident, who is to blame? the manufacturer would be the one to blame. once they sell that car, they are giving you their word that you have bought a safe reliable vehicle. you are trusting them, they hold your future in their hands. driverless cars are really cool, but the manufacturers have many questions to answer. in conclusion, driverless cars are a great idea. they can lessen the work and panic for everyday drivers. most people think that driverless cars would be perfect, others would rather stay behing the wheel. i think that driverless cars would be cool, but i think that they would also take away the fun of driving. windows down, hair blowing, listening to music while cruising with your friends. who doesnt want that experience?