in  the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents that even if theres danger that they should not stop exploring. if they are curious about exploring venus they should explore it . even though there is dangers along they way in exploration, if something happens to them, they are at least doing something they love doing. the author in paragraph  says  but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this reveals that even though they know its dangerous and people doubt them that they should not go to venus. that its human curiosity, if people want to explore it they should because its something they want to know about. probably will lead or help us in the future to make this possible for people to go, less dangerous to go as well if they find a way to go. the knowledge of a human should never be doubt. venus is a dangerous palce to go because humans arent able to go and actaully see it for themselves. in the passage it quotes however. peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on gorund conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere,rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. even though this text from the passage says that it wont be safe there is still a possible chance that humans can. if humans explore it around it would be safe for them, but like catching things on camera it wouldnt be the best quality that they want. the people who want to explore and are wiling to take a risk to figure about about a palnet that most people dont want to explore because of the dangers. that shouldnt stop anyone nor the doubt people say. companies like nasa are trying to find ways to find ways to make more explorations to venus and it make it less dangerous for people who have curiosity . in paragraph  the passage says  nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. this supports my reason on why nasa is trying to find ways to get more exploration on venus. they are also trying to find or make new eletronics for venus. in conclusion the author suggest that studying for venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents its human curiosity. people like nasa are trying to find ways to explore venus with less danger. the doubt people have about the exploration about venus does not affect them at all, they are doing something they love to do. even though there is a lot of dangers while exploring for venus the people are willing to take the risk to figure out more information of the planet, and finding ways to help them in the future. many dangers are found while this exploration but none of these dangers should stop someone, that is willing to risk everything to do something that may lead us to somethiung better.