goodmorning fellow citizens , i hope you all are having a wonderful day! could that possibly be because you all walked or rode your bike to this meeting today? the reason behind that is because there are many advantages to limiting car usage. you are less tense and happier , , smog free air , and you can have fun with it! bringing together your community. now , whos up for a challenge. carfree cities as in source in german suburb, life goes on without cars , by elisabeth rosenthal , made really good points. first i would say , not having your car makes you stress free.  of vaubans families do not own cars , and  sold a car to move here. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way , said heidrun walter , a media trainer and mother of two , as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. people are giving up their cars because they claim its more to life. in the united states , the enviromental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities , and legislators are starting to act. source  paris bans driving due to smog , by robert duffer , talks about healthier air. so , another advantage would be to have smogfree air. congestion was down  in the capital of france after five days of intensifying smog. cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions , diesel fuel was to blame. delivery companies complained of lost revenue and public transit was free of charge from friday  monday , according to bbc. the smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for odd numbered plates on tuesday. this way the air we breath doesnt harm us. source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota , by andrew selsky is exciting. lastly i would like to state , you can have fun with not having a car bringing together your community. in a program millions of columbians hiked , biked , skated , or took buses to work during a carfree day. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution ,  said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife. parks and sports centers also have bloomed and new improvements have been made everywhere. source  the end of car culture , by elisabeth rosenthal explains the greenhouse effect also , and the change its had on the economy. in my closing remarks i would like to say overall the advantages of limiting car usage is amazing! we can have fun with it and improve global warming and our economy. who wants to help me tell the mayor this situation? im about to give in my car right now! you are less tense , smogfree air , and your community can join in. now i ask again...... whos up for the challenge?!