driverless cars can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how their used . driverless cars are needed in some cases . driverless cars could create more accidents and also can creat less problems. driverless cars could be a disrtaction for the world . driverless cars will also cause problems with health because the owner might be lazy and become obese. driverless cars can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how thier used, because people always try to take advantage of things . driverless cars would be good for people who have a disability . driverless cars may not be good in all cases cause the driver would still have to be in the car because it they would have to drive for themselves navigatin through workzones and when accidents occur , the person behind the wheel might be asleep or busy doing other things which would cause for another accident to happen. as long as driverless cars are used well and not abused because driverless cars could be useless. driverless cars are needed in some cases , they would take place of a taxi. people occasionally like to go out to bars,clubs,events and drink beers and other beverages that can make them under the influence . those drivers do not need to be behind a wheel operating a vehicle, they become a danger and could injure and sometimes kill people of innocence . driverless cars would be good for people who are disabled because they could help them move around and go places which could could help them out . driverless cars are needed in cases as if a women were pregnant or a person is injured they could get home or to a hospital. driverless cars could be a distraction for the world, taxi and cab drivers could lose their jobs which could make the unemployement rate go up and america cant afford for that to happen. driverless cars could make people lose their focus and also can be harder for people to focus till on the road. people would get the idea that just because they dont have to be in the car or even operating the car that they could lose focus . driverless cars are really not needed because people need to be more focused on the road and not doing other things to limit possible distractions . driverless cars could also create health problems , if the route the person has to go is cleared from accidents and road work sites then they could be fine . people need to be moving every muscle in their body . little things like pushing your foot down on the gas pedal or the brakes move the muscle in your leg . driverless cars can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how their used. driverless cars are needed in some cases . driverless cars could create less accidents and also create less problems . driverless cars could be a distraction for the world . driverless cars will also cause problems with health because the owner might be lazy and become obese. driverless cars are only needed if they could be used in positive ways .