many different type of people on earth like to travel places and discover new things all the time for their own eyes. just by knowing that information alone really explains why nasa would want to the same thing with different types of planets like venus. now how the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is by knowing that venus is a planet that comes with many challenges, but by the distance of how close it is, how earth like it seems to be, and the studies that people could do, it all can contribute to the human race. distance within space takes a lot of time to map out and when it is, it would take a long time to get to other planets. but with venus, that isnt so much the case and that be would be of its right next to earth really and about the same size but just acts in different speeds. a way to show this is by a quote in the text that said  often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest distance too.. now all of that just shows that of it being just like earth and it being closest nearly all the time. another way to show that its a worthy pursuit is by how earthlike this planet seemed to just be like a long time ago. the text even shows this by saying  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this all just said that it was very much like earth at one place and maybe even discovering why it ended up the way it did, the earth doesnt have to end the same. the human race could very much benefit off of the venus discovery trip and truly show how even though there are challenges, that just by its past, distances, and discoveries that could be made, a lot of the problems humans face can be no more. both of these two types of reasonings above for a worthy pursuit to venus just shows how there are great meanings as to why it would benefit humans to travel there. with how technology is advancing every year, there is possibilities of making it to venus, and truly discover all its worths.