the facial action coding system is a great tool in decoding ones true emotions. the facs could be used to detect boredom, confusion, interest, or happiness in students. being able to calculate these emotions would be valuable to students and teachers in a classroom. not all students are interested in school and in fact most would rather be elsewhere than in a classroom. with the facs teachers would be able to detect when students are bored and may be able to change the way they teach their lesson in order to make it less banal. creating a more interesting lesson would in turn create more interested students, increasing happiness and decreasing boredom. students may start to want to learn which would also improve grades or behavior in a classroom, not all students are equal when it comes to learning. some young scholars may be a natural when it comes to learning while others struggle to understand material being taught. the facs could detect when a student is confused and alert a teacher so that they may better explain the subject being taught. this feedback would almost prevent students from lacking in schoolwork and could help with students grades. students who enjoy the classroom are more likely to be interested and succeed. a teacher could use the facs to see when students like and dislike what or how they are being taught. then the teacher could adjust accordingly in order to produce better results. if the teacher is able to get every student engaged in learning, it would boost happiness, behavior, and maybe even learning in the classroom. the facial action coding systems ability to read emotions would be a valuable asset to classrooms. being able to detect confusion and boredom would be beneficial to both teachers and students. making better lesson plans and improving the happiness of students would make going to school seem exciting and not bland. with the facs being able to read different muscles and emotions the possibilities of improving the classroom are endless.