the use of facial action coding system to read students emotional expression in a classroom can make a significant change in how students will learn and how teachers will teach. teachers will be able to modify their lessons to make it easier for students to understand and students will be able to take lessons that will change by how well they understand the subject to study at their own pase. but how exactly will the introduction of this technology make education better? i think there are three emotions that the classroom computer can check in order to assist the teacher to understand and help students. the first thing the classroom computer should check is if the students undestand the lesson or if they are getting confused. teachers will have an easier time finding students that cant understand the lesson and give extra support. this will also make it easier for students because the lesson will be taught in their own pase. the second emotion the system should check is boredom. this is especially important because it directly affects the behavior and the study speed of students. it also gives feedback to the teacher to make their lesson more interesting. there will be less students sleeping or not paying attention and the class would have a better time studying. the last emotion it needs to check is happiness. of course this will affect how well the students will learn, but it has other purposes too. this will help teachers to detect bullying and trouble outside to class. it is the sad truth that it is hard for teachers to find bullying because they have so many students. but now they can just talk to or have some counselling time with students that are not happy. overall, there are many benifits to having the facial action coding system in the classroom. the students will be able to learn at their own pace, take lessons that are made to be interesting for them, and have a teacher that can give support anytime. the teachers will be able to teach lessons that are custom build for students to be comfortable and interested, get feedback of how intersted the students are to teach better, and give instant support to any students that are confused or upset. these benifits will drastically change how education is for students and teachers.