driverless cars are not a new idea in the modern world, as they have been in development and thoughts in engineers minds since more advanced automobile technology was introduced. although there are some concerns with liabilty matters if there were to be an incident witht the car and the passengers were to be injured, driverless cars are currently aiding drivers with ways to stay safer on the road. if they were to be further developed, driverless cars could potenially change the way humans transport themselves for the better. therfore, driverless cars should be further developed, but only to the extent of which there is still a driver present, ready to take over in the case of an accident. although there are some potential risks when driving a driverless car, the positives outweight the negatives. there are situations in which a human alone cannot drive, they need assistance in order to safely arrivve to their destination. say for example, that a family chose to take a roadtrip from southern texas all the way to northern michigan. in order for them to arrive at a reasonable time and still be able to sightsee, the drivers would have to either take breaks or interchange drivers periodically in order to get rest, as driving is very mentally draining. with driverless cars, the drivers would be able to advance much further without having to stop, as the driver is no longer the one that is fully controling the car, making traveling a much quicker process. this goes for all sorts of travel. if there is weather that is very difficult to drive through, like snow, even if the driver was not educated how to safely drive through snow, the car itself could be programmed to drive through difficult terrain and transport the drivers safely. cars eveywhere could make the driving process an easier one. another benefit of driverless cars could be saving the lives of those driving under the influence of alcohol andor drugs. although driving under the influence is against the law, unfortunately, many people choose not to comply with this law and end up getting killed in an accident. currently, driverless cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves and one car has also been programed to make the drivers seat vibrate when the vehicle is about to hit an object. if all of these upgrades and more are put into one car, it could help save the life of a person who could not complete these tasks on their own. however, if the public begins to see this sort of development as a loophole to drive while they are drunk, this could cause more people to do so and taking away more lives in the process. a large part of the debate of drivers versus no drivers is the problem of liabilty. if a driver were to be injured while traveling in the driverless cars, who would take the blame? it really depends on the situation. if the technology fails while the driver is being careful and attentive to always be ready to take over, then the liablity would go to the manufactuer of the car and that company. if the driver was being careless and not paying attention to anything that was going on, then it becomes the problem of the driver. if car companies were to develop driverless cars, i firmly believe that they should only develop it to the point of where the driver can still jump in and take control, as technology can at certain times be unpredictable, while humans have minds and are capable of going beyond their autopilot. for a long time, mankind has been searching for ways to make llife as simple and trouble free as possible driverless cars are another way of doing this, and humans are rapidly finding new ways to make this a possibilty. driverless cars can bring safety and effiiciency to a driver, such as assisting with long car rides or help save a drunk driver from crashing. even so, problems with liabilty and interference with the law could occur. for all of these reasons, driverless cars should be advanced, but only to the extent of still allowing the driver to jump in in the case of an emergency.