i think that the use of this technology for students is a very good use for it. you could use it to tell when a student was confused so they could get extra help. another use would be if a student was bored you could change the lesson plan a little to get them more invested. it could also be used to tell when a student was interested so you know you are doing things right. using this technology in schools would be an incredibly good use for it. another good use for it in a school would be to tell when student get frusturated in class. it would make a teacher aware and perhaps try to help with or take away whatever is frusterating them. if a teacher was angry then the machine could suggest that they take a quick break. when people get mad bad things could happen so preventing or helping with frustrations is important. it could be used to help see what makes people upset and get someone to help them deal with it. it could also be used to help students who want to be therapists learn subtle facial clues to how people are feeling. using the facsfor learning what it was made to do would be a perfect use of the technology. therapists could more accuratly see patients emotions when learning from a machine. as dr huang states in paragraph  the facial expressions for each emotion are universal meaning therapists could learn to see those and do their jobs better. if there was a scenario in school where someone was getting bullied you might be able to tell using the facs seing the expression fear around certain people could be a tell that something is wrong. if a child was afraid around a parent that could be something to look into as well. it would be incredibly useful in finding out if something bad was happening to a kid. this kind of technology would make many things in schools much easier for student and teacher. it could keep students invested by knowing when they were not and help teachers understand what students have trouble with. it woud be a very useful piece of technology if used correctly.