schools should use facial action coding systems try to imagine a world where people might be able to hide their feelings from others but not the computer. there has been a new software developed that has the ability to determine peoples emotions called facial action coding system. the software has even been able to determine exactly how much percent of each emotion is present in the mona lisa. as this software arises, there has been questions as to how schools could use this software to their advantage. with this system, schools could help students stay in tune in class, place students with teachers they learn well from, and force students to tell the truth. the facial action coding sytem should be used in schools because teachers would have the opportunity to change the way they are teaching when their students start to get bored. in so many cases students do not do well in school simply because their teacher might be too boring or confusing. if teachers had the abilty to know when students are getting bored through this system, then there is a good chance the students would get better grades as a result. with this software a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. there would be no excuses for teachers boring or confusing students because they would have a tool to become aware of it. another key part of students being successful in school is having a teacher that they truly connect with, therefore the software system could play a large part in helping schools place students with teachers that they have a connection with. with the software system, a genuine smile and a forced one could be detected. using the data found students could be placed with the teachers that they have genuine smiles with. there is a good chance that if students were with a teacher they truly like, then they would learn more from the lessons and get better grades. in schools, there are constantly so many lies and rumors going around, but with the software system, lying could be detected. considering the system can spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful, it could be able to determine when students are lying. if lying in schools could be detected, there could be a decrease in bullying and possibly shootings. it could even teach students that honesty is the best policy, and it could hold students accounable for their actions. the system could uncover the truth in so many situations for the better. in the end, the new software system has many positive aspects that could benefit schools in many ways, including helping students learn more effeciently and forcing students to tell the truth. not using this tool that has come available would be foolish knowing the many benefits that could come from it. something that could help students learn their school work in a more efficient way and hold students responsible for their actions would be a good thing for schools in this day and age. it could have the capabiliy to teach students integrity at a young age putting them ahead of many young adults in the world today.