dear state senator of florida, im sending you this letter for one purpose only, to convince you with strong defensive facts the electoral college is unfair, outdated, irrational and should be replaced with the popular vote. lets begin with the simple fact that we, the common people of the united states of america, land of the free, dont even have the right to directly vote for a human being that is to be running our country for the next  years, possibly . instead, we are voting for electors in the same political party as the candidate we wish for? actually no, we dont even obtain that right because as stated in source  electors sometimes arent even chosen by politcal party considering state laws vary on how electors are selected and what their responsibilities are... in source  it states that an elector can be anyone not holding a public office. the elector chosen is a complete stranger to more than half of the population of the state yet we are expected to trust that this person will live up to his or her word that heshe will vote for the president we want to be running this country when we have absolutely no control over their actions election day. trust isnt easily given especially when there are no laws given that the elector must only vote from the candidate majorly favored in that particular state. so lets see the elector that we vote for, which in some cases people even get confused and vote for the elector of opposing team, can walk in election day, decieve all the people from hisher state and walk out with absolutely no penalty. in source  it later states that voters in tossup states are more likely to pay attenten to the campaign knowing that they are going to decide the election but what about the swing states? because the winnertakeall system candidates dont even go to those states knowing that theyll most likely lose. does that seem fair to you? that basically means that winner candidate could be the same manwoman that couldnt careless if their votes were on them or not. furthermore, in source  it explains how the electoral vote is the only way to ensure a certain outcome but as said in source , a tie may seem unlikely but highly possible. so lets say there is a tie, the winning decision then passes down to the house of representatives. here the state delegations cast one vote for the candidate they wish for but in the light of truth it is impossible for one representative of millions of people to be able to reflect on what the people want. so now what? not only is plan a, the electors, totally bogus but plan b,which is the house representatives, completely takes our right to chose the citizen we want to represent the united states. i hope you read my letter and come to realization that the electoral college is basically just a dirty method thats taking the rights of the common people. if it keeps on there will be one election year where more than half the population will open their eyes to fact that they dont even have a say in who they want to be running this country and simply not vote, then where will that lead us? dictatorship? rebellion? popular vote is the way to go. it for one allows citizens to be apart of descision making in who should be president which later on abolishes the whole dispute over swing states and tossup states because candidates will have to work twice as hard to earn their seat in the big house. candidates will have to visit each state, anwser necessary questions from the citizen, compaign harder and at the end of the day a hardworking candidate will become a hardworking president who will lead our country to prosperity. sincerely, a concerned citizen