why are there no driverless cars on the roads when it is the st century? what kind of future will mankind have if we do not have selfdriving cars in the st cantury? now, imagine a world where cars drive themselves. imagine if you did not have to imagine that. driverless cars can be a reality. right now driverless cars are not entirely driverless but manufacturers are working hard to make these cars safer and easier to use. if we had driverless cars on the roads, we could get more work done, there would be less accidents, and we would not have trouble driving to our desired location. an average person in america spends much of their life in a car. people have places to go and work to do. people are so eager to get things done faster that they will break the law to be on their phone and drive. if they have to spend half their time driving to locations, they will achieve less than they actually can. what if humans could get their work done as they are driving? they will no longer have to think of their phone as a distraction from driving and get things done. that is the power of driverless cars. if a person has a  minute drive, they can get  minutes worth of work done during the drive. instead of wasting  minutes of their life driving, they can do something useful that will affect their life in a positive direction. accidents are caused by the drivers mistakes. people are emotional creatures. they get stressed, angry, and sad so very easily. it is hard to focus on driving when all those emotions are in a persons head. a driverless car do not have emotions. it can focus all the time. its main job is to keep the driver safe at all times. if the car malfunctions, the driver can take over, but a car cannot take over if the driver malfunctions unless it is a driverless car. the car also has many safety features that warns the driver. gm manufacturers have developed a vibrating drivers seat. the chair will vibrate anytime the car is about to run in to an object.  years ago, there were no such things as a gps or a phone that could tell a person how to get to their destination. even now their are people out there who do not know how to use electronics to their advantage. for example, grand parents do not easily learn how to use their phones to their advantage. they might get lost easily, but if they drove driverless cars that would not be a problem because the car would drive itself. before, manufacturers were having trouble making a driverless car because they did not have the right materials. radar for example used to cost two hundred million dollars. now its something you can easily buy at radio shack. there are many negatives to a driverless car but the postives outweigh the negatives. people are still doubting that a driverless car is not safe but that is why manufacturers are working to fix that problem before they put them on the roads.