the use of cars around the world are having an impact on the envoirnment today. being able to limit the use of cars would be benifical to your wellbeing and the enviornment. in vauban, germany there is a suburb that doesnt have any cars. people are allowed to own cars but there are only two places to park, which are the two large garages at the edge of the development. also the owner must pay , for a space, along with a home. the majority of the residents do not own cars and say they are happier this way. this community is an example that is trending throughout europe, and is trying to kick start a movement called smart planning. passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united statesrosenthal . the air is becoming very polluted and there are efforts being made to try and fix the issue. in paris, there was a day of nearrecord pollution. they decided to enforce a law banning certain cars on certain days to try and help clear the air. on modays, people with evennumbered licence plates had to leave there cars at home or pay a fine of euro or . about , people were fined that day. the congestion was down  in paris as well, and the smo cleared up enough monday for the french to decide on the banning of oddnumbered plates on tuesday also. aslo in bogota, colombia there is a day without cars. there goal is to promotes alternative transportation and reduce the amount of smog. anyone who violated this law was fined .  its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said buisinessman carlos arturo plazaselsky . this trend is spreading, with other colombian cites joining the event. the end of car culture is among us in the united states. studies have shown that people are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licences as the years go by. the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in  and is steadily dropping . as of april , that number has dropped by about  and is equal to where the united states was in january . the new generation are not finding drivin or even etting a licence a priorty anymore. they plan there work and social life by were they can walk or use a alternative transportation. bills are being made to help with the amount of pollution made by cars and are trying to gie the people more opportunities to use alternative transportations. the amount of pollution created by cars are effecting our envoirnment. as shown in the example of paris, that by limiting the amount of cars o the road you can prevent some of the air pollution increasing the quaility of the air. also not having to worry about driving has decreased stress in some cases. overall limiting car usage would be beneficial to your wellbeing and the enviornment.