in the challenge of exploring venus explain how humans are exploring venus, it shows the advantages and disadvantages that venus has. the author suggests that studying venus is worth persuit dispite danger presents, and it is true because we dont know waht is out there and we have to be prepared, although is good to explore new things . some reasons that prove the author is right are, that venus is like the earth, it has his story like earth, and we can survive there. one of the reasons venus is like earth is that the shape and density. also venus is very close to earth too. i know this because in the text it says, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earthin terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest planet in distance too. this evidence shows hows venus. maybe the gravity is also like eath and if is it true we can survive there. the second reason is that venus started as same as earth. it has a story in that both planets started all covered by oceans and strange things. i know this because in the text it says,long ago, venus was probably covered with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earthand the planet has a surface rocky sediments and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this shows how scientists have exploring venus, they have their hypotesis about how did venus started and how is changing. scientis have curious if it just started with the same story like earth. the third reason is that we can survive at that planet. if the scientists says that is the twin of the earth mean that we can probably have another option to live in venus. i know this because in the text it says,not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this mean that humans can have a new chance of life in another planet, is not going be easy but we can discover new things that may help us be better in the future. nothing is easy but we can get to know other things. in conclusion i think the nasa should continue exploring the planet also to inform us about all this new thing about venus. we have a challenge of exploring new things every day and we learn from it. it would be cool that we can discover new things in another planet such as venus. also it feels good to know that another planet is the twin of ours.