many people have there own opinion on something and a experience to it. i feel like venus sounds like a good planet to live in but itll be impossible for humans to get up there into the sky and into vensus. many researchers say it is okay for us humans to live in mars sometime in the future but again would be impossible for some of us to get up there and would cost lots of money. some say if we decide to move to mars we cant return to earth and would have to build our own house in mars and make our food to survive. it sounds very challenging for us humans to explore vensus because of so many storms they get there and because of how hot it is out there for us to be in. they get almost the most earthquakes and these quakes cause them to get biggers circle holes and thats why when you look at picture of a planet youll most see circle holes on them and rocky parts on them also because of the quakes. nasa has a study and plan solution for sending humans to vensus and study and to explore vensus will be very possible for them to do because of the dangerous tempertures and storms. these arent easy conditions to live in. many say when humans return to earth from space they are sick depending on ehich planet or what they did up in space to get sick and injured. this is why there should only be humans that know what theyre doing and not humans that dont know what theyre doing and lifethreatening there self. mercury is the closet to the sun and has dangerous high tempertures that cause lifethreatening and cause injurings and why is earth the second closet to the sun and not have dangerous tempertures like mercury and vensus. its because of climate change in our planet is good or sometimes can get worst if not getting enough attention to it can cause tempertures to rise above high tempertures like reaching  degrees and higher then usual and some cold parts can get very dangerous wind chills and cold tempertures. exploring vensus is possible but would take a lot of work and research to see if humans are ever allowed to ever visit vensus. only devices have been sent up to vensus and researchers are using these devices to see all the parts of vensus to get more information on how itll feel to be up there and if it is safe to do so. scientists have discovered that vensus get more quakes, volocanoes, and stormy weather conditions more than the earth and us does.