limiting car usuage around the world will cause a beneficial improvement across our nation and other countries around the world. transportation is the second largest source of americas emmisions, just behind power plants, if citizens reduce the amount of car usage then air pollution would slowly decrease across america. countries around the world are participating in limiting car usage within a day. paris is banning driving due to the increase in smog within the city. congestion was down sixty percen tin the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog...the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. paris smog has increased to the point where typically the capital has more smog than any other european capital. compared to brussels adn londin, reuters found the micrograms of particulate matter increasinly high. diesel fuel was the main problem, since france has a tax policy which favors diesel over gasoline. in bogota, columbia millions of columbians hiked, biked, or took buses to work or any destination during a carfree day. thus, leaving the capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. this program is set to spread in other countries. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and to reduce smog. violators could face around  fines. carlos arturo says, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. two other columbian cities, cali amd valledupar, joined the event. parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven sideways were replace with smoothed down sidewalks, and rushhour restrictions dramatically cut traffic. president obama had a goal to curbs the united states greenhouse gas emissions. recent studies show that americans are buying fewer cars throughout the years passing by. also the amount of licenses are reducing by the years. if the pattern persists many sociologists believe it will it will have beneficial implications for carbon emmisions and the enviroment. the reduction on car usage will create a beneficial impact across america and other countries around the world. citizens should participate in the carfree day programs to improve the earths atmosphere and reduce air pollution, such as smog. this is also a healthier program for citizens, with the reduction of cars that day, citizens could walk, hike, or bike around improving body health. so not only does limiting car usuage improve the environment, it also improves you.