when we humans think of the future, of course most people are going to assume flying cars like many directors have depicted in futuristic films, but will it really going to be that advanced? some people are already completely sold on the idea of driverless cars because its appealing, fascinating, and it has never been fully accomplished by anyone regardless of their persuasion. hence, in the passage the quote from dr. werner huber, we have to interpret the driving fun in a nesw way. next, you have people like me who think with logically and realistically and oppose the idea of technological control on every ounce of space provided within the vehicle itself. i dont hate the idea of cars that can drive by itself, but i know that theres more of a challenge than what most people expect. in the twentyfirst century we see experiments and improvements in technology everyday its constantly evolving as people learn, fix mistakes, and achieve enlightenment. we originated from homo erectus and homo sapiens as we make our world work the way it does, so why not strive for bigger and better success? however, all humans have flaws and we are always trying to reform and change what we have, but we cannot perfect such complexities like a driverless car if we ourselves are not perfect. it has been said and tested that humans dont use our whole brain, therefore there can and will be issues that are hidden out of our control. my intentions are to not discredit inventors such as henry ford who introduced automobiles to us, its simply the matter of how far we can take technology from an idea or a dream and connect it to the safety of others, yet remain realistic. not all of technology and refinements can function properly for years on end, there are times that it will dysfuntion in certain areas even if one man or many men try to fix the problem hundred percent accurately. we are capable of many things that are unthinkable, but i have reason to believe that this type of illusion that car manufacturers make to consumers are completely extreme and exaggerated. in many newletter or announcements, there are multiple recalls on cars that humans completely retain control, how can there be a driverless car that is so to speak, reliably safe. yes, we address of these utterly smart cars as being the next level of road safety because they turn their attention to those who drive recklessly and dont operate their cars correctly thus the need for ticketing and charges such as duis. though this may have some affect, it does not cover all aspects of the dangers of driverless cars. if you cant trust a person to drive responsibility with full control, what makes car manufacturers transition into thinking that they will immediately respond and react when in critical danger after assuming the cars role of driverless? a majority of drivers will not pay any more or less attention than being able to drive manually, let alone allowing the car to drive for them.