in this world many people or students were being suicide and some people they just dont have hope. many people are facing many different kind of difficulties and sadness. for instance some people might be upset because they dont have families and can be because they are not as smart as other people in school. some people are facing difficulties while other are living happily. but we people dont know how other people feel and we dont understand each other how we feel inside of our heart. first,using this technology to read students emotional expressions is valuable. the reason why i think it is good is because sometimes some students are not as smart as other students and some students are afraid to ask question that they dont understand and afraid to discuss with their teacher. but if we use this technology to read students emotional expression in class, it would be really useful thing and meaningful for students. it would make students even better and smarter. as we can see in the articles it saysa classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored if all teachers use the computer that knows students feelings that would also helpmake student to improve and develope their knowledge. second,some students keep skipping class it can be because since they dont understand the lessons that they learn, they feel bored and stress and they behave bad in class so it makes them want to skip class so that they can stay away from stressness. but if teachers use technology that can read studens emotional expression so that teacher would know which student doesnt understand and confused the lessons and teacher can explain those who didnt understand after school or during their lessons. finally if they keep using this technology,one teacher can change a thousand studens bad behavor and mind. in conclusion,making useful things for those who feel hopeless and helpless are one of precious thing in our lives. even though we all are came from different countries we have similarities things in some ways like how we face difficulties and that thing makes us one.