just another day working at the jet propulsion lab. days at the lab went by as any other day for the scientists, not finding anything new up in space, just a few minor events here and there, but nothing big. i went in my office, and was informed today we were going to try and find any possible landing sites for viking s sister ship, viking . as usual we went to work. orbiting mars for what seemed like an eternity! im literally bored out of my mind, until out of the corner of my eye i see something, not just a star or anything, but to my eyes looked like a human face staring right back at us through viking . confusion is all us scientists felt when we saw that face on mars, just plain fear and confusion. nothing was spoken much about it among us scientists since we were all super shocked and speechless, that was until we were on our lunch break. all i heard was aliens, really aliens can they possibly pin this face on aliens! the table next to me also seemed to think aliens made this egyptiantype face. i dont know what came over me something just clicked and i said how can you possibly pin this on aliens?! of course this started a oneonone argument with me and another scientist what do you mean, how can it not be aliens he answered. first of all, it was spotted near cydonia, a part of mars where martian mesas are commonly being found everyday, so how do we not know it isnt just another mesa? if you think this is a mesa, how would it take form to look like a human beings face? dont you think that is too much of a coincidence to happen?! at that i left it alone, maybe it was too much of a coincidence, but that wasnt going to affect my thought on the mesa the word on the face spreaded around the world, becoming a hot topic for people everywhere, most of them thinking it was made by aliens. i didnt really get much into it until that scientist kid came up to me again, still think it wasnt made by aliens?! of course, why wouldnt i? how can you not think it was aliens! the picture became known to the world and everyone thinks it was aliens, which they are probably right!! how can we know for sure this was created by aliens!? think about it we dont have great technology yet, that mesa was in the form of a face because our photo was too blurry and it was really cloudy!! i really didnt want to end up on the wrong foot with this guy so i just walked away. april , i walk into the office and apparently we are going to take a look at cydonia for the face again. this was actually a releif to me, because i know that now our technology is way more advanced and we could see with a sharper picture what this thing really is, a mesa. so it happened mars global surveyor flew over cydonia and took a picture ten times sharper than the old one! as to my conclusion, the egyptian face ended up to be a mesa! this mesa took form of a face because of the shadows that went over the mesa. as i heard of this news i couldnt help but look back at that one scientist, and whipering look who the right one is now! with the most accomplishing smirk on my face that i can make.