driverless cars should not be legal. driverless cars may have some benefits, but there are far more flaws then there are benefits. driverless cars are not even fully controlled automatically on thier own. liability for any injuries is a question that needs to be adressed. does the company or the customer take responsibily for any injuries that may occur while driving the car? driverless cars have very few benefits. one being they drive on their own. another being they have a system that alerts you when you are in danger. although these functions are quite amazing, there are some flaws to the system. the driverless cars are not fully able to driver on their own. they may require you to take over driving if put in a certain situation. some examples of this sitituation are, if the car has to move around an accident, if the car is going through a construction zone, or if the car is going into a changed area where the gps in the car is not up to date on. also the car has a system that alerts you when you are in danger. this requires you to be awke and aware just incase this alert comes on. what is the point of having a driverless car if you all your doing is waiting till the car asks you to take over driving? a extremely thought about issue is liablilty. who is the one to take responsibily if something goes wrong and an injuty occurs? for this car to become completely legal there would have to be a law passed to show who would take responsible in a certain sitiuain if anyone was injured. also if you think deep you are putting your life in the hands of some metal and wired object that moves on four wheels. there are so many problems that occur with cars that you have to operate on your own, and now they want to make a car that drives it self legal. driverless cars should not be legal because there are many saftey issues that need to be addresed, and also many laws that need to be made. in order for this car to become legal, it is asking for a lot just for something as a little as a not fully autommactic drving car.