no driverless cars! driverless cars could considerably mess up the way everday life works, and how anything is done. it would be extremely pricey, not everyone could afford it. it would get rid of jobs, and make certain places like gas stations completely useless. if everyone was on the same road, and they had to follow a certain path, traffic would be an extreme issue. we need to take a step back and look at things. not having a driver in your car would change everything. however, if everyone needs to own there own driverless car, than it would be way to exspencive. people with not enough money would be completely screwed over. there would be no way for them to get anywhere because thier current car is not capable of being driverless. then instead of using cars like they have done for years, they would need to pay for a taxi, that they shouldnt be needing. if they got rid of all cars in general, the only way for it to work would be free public transport from the driverless cars. this would cause problems for people wanting to go back and forth, and eventually traffic would be a huge problem. you could also make smart roads and not smart cars. this would be extremely exspencive to do. almost illogical. but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply to expensive to be practical. then, it would also get rid of jobs. if every car was driverless gas stations would be completely out of buisness. there goes a lot of companys and jobs available. police officers would also lack on things to do, as a lot of officers jobs are to maintain the roads and make sure nothing bad happens, like speeding, reckless driving, etc. none of the cars made yet are completely driverless. the technology we currently have isnt safe enough yet. traffic, a huge problem. with all the cars driving at the same speed it would be easier to go places. however, with everyone going the same speed and you say having to turn right, could mess up the cars way of doing things. if there is traffic you would have to take the wheel, which would be a nuissance. and if you did not take the wheel and drive in time, you would crash. if everything still requires a driver then the drivers themselves overtime would forgetnot need to know how to drive and lose the ability. it has a traffic jam assistant but the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but speacial touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. how could kids get to school? this is another thing they have seemed to skip over. cars should not be driverless, it would cause to many problems. humans need to remain in control. having a driverless car would mean to much for daily commute, jobs, money, etc. cars can get smarter, and they can prevent accidents, but going completely driverless is insane!