many people are afraid of the concept of driverless car, and i cannot say that i blame them. these people believe that new, driverless cars could lead to a myriad of crashes injuries, and deaths, because the cars do not have the intelligence or driving capabilities as an average human driver. while i do understand why these people fear the future with selfdriving cars, i also understand that they are wrong, simply because they are misinformed, and unknowledgible about the topic. selfdriving cars are exactly what they sound like, cars that are able to control themselves without the input or command of a human driver. they use advanced sensors and technology to achieve this. while many people think that these cars could only appear in the distant future, they are, in fact, driving around right now. googles selfdriving car is an example of one such current driverless car. it has been driving itself for months now, and has been in only a few wrecks, all of which were caused by human error, either by someone in a different vehicle or by the human driver of the car, when the selfdriving technology was turned off. this shows that driverless cars are in fact, safer than cars driven by humans. also, imagine if all the cars on the road were selfdriving cars. because these cars constantly send out signals to drive, what if they could send signals to other driverless cars around them, informing them of what is happening on the road ahead. theres a road block on the your next turn? your car could be informed to take a detour, to save time and energy. driverless cars also mean that the people who were previously driving no longer have to. a busy person could work on his computer on his way to work, or could be sending an important email. or perhaps someone, having just been out drinking with friends, will no longer be able to drive drunk, they could just tell their cars to take them home, saving people from being injured or killed by drunk drivers. the same could be said about truckers or people going on road trips, who sit at the wheel for a long time. instead of potentially falling asleep at the wheel, killing or injuring themselves or someone else, nothing would happen, as they were not driving in the first place. in my honest opinion, selfdriving cars are a huge step to the future, and a huge step towards making the world a little safer. while the fears or loss of control or technological malfunction in these cars, causing them to crash, is real and legitimate, it has been shown time and time again that those concerns are not a real problem. the pros definitely outweigh the cons in this sinario. the rise of driverless cars mean less accidents, because they virtually eliminate human error. they allow for people to have more time, instead of driving they can do more important things, and can completely stop drunk drivers. driverless cars are better in pretty much every way we just need to spread the news and inform people why it is the case.