i am a scientist at nasa, and i am going to prove to you that nasa was not created by aliens, it is just a natural landform. other scientists, including me was around mars taking photos. we took a lot of photos and when we came back to check the photos it looked like a human face. i used a new method step by step to see if it actually was a human face, but it was not. it turned out to be a rock shaped as a head, and the rock made you have an illusion of the eyes, mouth, and nose. to many people are concerned about aliens going to attack, but it is not true. some scientists just want you to think there are aliens that based off what they have saw. if you look on a jpl web site you can see that it is just a natural landform. after all there was no alien monument. the picture actually shows the martian equivalent of a butte or messalandforms. according to what the theory is, another reason for it being a natural landform is because nasa would rather hide and the defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. half of the time on photos things start to look like ghost or even aliens for this matter if you are scared and are thinking about aliens being alive or by you. the face is a natural landform according to the mission controllers, where the lab is. monitors will lok like a face when you first take it but you have to clear the picture up a little bit. for the face to seem natural to you, you have to believe that there is no aliens out on what people call bona fide, of life on mars. you always want to make sure that you are not just having an illusion. to make sure you are not having an illusion you are checking what ever is happening twice. for an example of a natural landform, there would have to be pictures taken and on the natural landform there would have to be a mapping spacecraft and that normally looks straight down. for an example of a alien landform, there would be ufos with bright lights shining and would have to have a hide out for them to live and to not be seen. this is my evidence that i gathered from the method that i used to prove to you that the face is just a natural landform. yes, nasa does have a mars but, that does not mean that there would be aliens, just because it says mars. if you ever have need some help on getting a person to believe you about something like scientists wise, come to my website jpl and message me. their are creatures but they are not on the face of nasa. do not ever forget if you take a picture and you think something is there try to clear it up or get someone else to clear it up.