in germany, they are trying to reduce the amount of cars driving by the people. they are improving on there walk ways, and public transportation to make it a better place. however in paris they are complety banding cars and fining people if they take there cars. the air in the city is smoged. in colombia there is a car free day. they either walk, take buses, bikes. the day without cars is a camaign to improve which began in the mid s. the end of the car culture takes about our president brack obamas goal. the united states green house gases. germany is imporving on there side walks for people to walk instead of taking there cars, either to work, to school, or other places people need to get. germany is doing a great job. mentioned in paragragh two, in source , it says, street parking driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of freiburg... they to are forbidding things in there conturies, yes but they are improving on there streets nd providing public transportation to make it better.  percent of vuaubans families do not own cars, elisabeth rosenthal mentions in her artical.  percent sold there cars to move there. she also says, in paragragh  lines  and , when i had a car i was also tense. people seem to be tense with having cars.  percent of greenhouse gas are in europe, in the united states its up to  percent in some areas. all of our development since world war ii has been centered on cars paragragh  states. according to david goldberg, that will change. paragragh , says that new york sububs with spread out homes nd privite garages, were the dream towns of the s. the last paragragh,  in source  mentions that in the united states,the environmental protection agency is promoting car reducing communities. in sources ,, and  also have some good imformation that are understandable and have good ideas like in source  car free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. andrew selsky the writter of this artical says in the first paragragh that colombians have a car free day. they either walk, ride there bikes to there location or anything like ride buses but they dont use there cars. germany are improving and there making there community better.