limiting car usage nowadays is very well for the enviroment. not using cars so much lowers polution, and is a great way for humans to start interacting with oneanother again. the carfree cities started in the suburbs of germany. almost everyone completely gave up their cars. p l states that stret parking and drivewats and home garages are generally forbidden. if you are not completely carfree you pay , to buy space to park you cars along with a home. statistics say that  percent of families d not own cars anymore, and  percent actually sold their cars to move to germany. heidrun wlter stated when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. in paris, due to nearrecord pollution, they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. on certain days motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a  fine. the other days same rules apply to oddnumbered license plate owners. the more cities that start doing a ban on driving cars or use more enviroment healthy cars are helping reduce pollution and other toxins in the air. p states that the ford company is already making changes to their carstrucks to make them more enviromentally safe. the rate of kids and aduts between the ages of  getting their licenes and permits have dropped drastically within the past few years. with communication the computers and telephones, teens and alduts feel connected by talking on these devices and dont feel the need as much to drive to go see a friend and find it easier to stay intouch. in bogota, colombia millians of people hike, bike, skate or took buses to work durin a carfree day. it was the third year that cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day wihout cars in the city. the turnout was large, despite the occasional rain they ecieved, that didnt stop the colombians for doing what they did. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution said carlos arturo plaza. two other colobian cities, cali and valledupar, joined the day without cars event. the citites are generation a revolutionary change in the world. parks and sports centers have bloomed throught the city, sidewalks have been repaired and rushhour has been cut. the united states has realized a drastic change in driving. fewer people are getting their licenses. as of , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in  p l.