cars have been in use ever since world war ii. yet, more and more people have been limiting their usage of cars. many take the alternative of bikes or buses, which ultimately creates benefits for not only ones self, but as well as all of the other people within the area. the benefits of limiting car usage are lowering pollution, creating less road and city congestion, and stress relief. first of all, people have known for years that cars are a large source of air pollution. however, what most dont know is that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some car intensive area in the united states rosenthal, elizabeth paragraph . cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions duffer, robert paragraph . therefore, not only do the car emissions go into the atmosphere, but it gets trapped there, so the more cars being used, the more emissions get built up and added. by limiting the usage of cars, the car emissions in the atmosphere that create air pollution can be reduced. secondly, many big cities have to deal with cars and traffic congesting the area. bogota, colombiain a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams selsky, andrew paragraph . this allowed more room for people to move along the roads and without having to worry of being hit by a car. rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic selsky, andrew paragraph . in doing so has allowed for pedestrians to be safer when crossing roads. a benefit in which prevents a hospital bill. lastly, stress relief can come from limiting the usage of cars, including relieving stress. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked the verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor rosenthal, elizabeth paragraph . heidrun isnt the only one who agrees that life without a car is less stressful. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife selsky, andrew paragraph . arturo and his wife were participants of the colombian carfree day program. when you live a stressless life, it is proven that you can live longer, especially when replacing your car with exercise. in conclusion, the benefits that come with limiting car usage are a healthier world. one, by replacing your car with exercise and relieving stress. two, by lessening road accidents. three, by lessening air pollution, which is not only better for the environment, but yourself. by limiting car usage, all of the benefits work out in your personal favor.