imagine this, living in a world where pollution no longer exists, where cars have been limiting due to important reasons and where stress no longer affects individuals that drive. cars have played indeed an important role in our lives since a long time. they do make us get to places faster but they are also making some individuals more lazier than before. they have affected our atmosphere which can affect every living organisms on earth in the nonfar future. in my opinion cars should not be limited, the companies that make them should just change the way they work. first of all, less and less people no longer walk or take public transportation in places where every individual in the population owns a car. according to source number  paragraph  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. this is important because it shows that when individuals own a car they are always going to fight against state laws, traffic, people on the streets, meaning that they are always going to stress everytime they ride their car. this could be a lot different if cars were limited for every single individual or if cars somehow where seperated from peoples places for walking. second of all, our planets atmosphere has gotten more and more polluted than when cars were not a big thing to people. pollution is something that some people do not take seriously. it can affect our lives in a big way. according to source number  pargraph  after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial drivin ban to clear the air of the global city meaning that the air was being contaminated due to cars. this is important because cars are affecting our atmosphere in a way that can affect us all by destroying our atmosphere and leaving every living organism on earht with no oxygen. last but not least, scientists have invented cars that are electric meaning that they dont use gasoline. this is a good thing, because it can reduce pollution for a better atmosphere. another way that pollution can be reduced is by making more and more individuals use public transportation. this can help by them not using their gasoline powered cars that pollute the air. in conclusion, cars will not be limited in the near future they will just change the way they work.