in the article making mona lisa smiles, the author tells us how this new technology called the facial action coding system allows computers to recognize human emotions. for many that would be shocking and interesting. this news has certainly peaked my interest. this new technology could be a major breakthough in many cases. the author gave us many examples to go off of but their are so many more. i believe that this facial action coding system can be used for good when it comes to internal or personal problems, helping to improve students learning process, and to improve the overall way we communicate with our computer. this new technology as i hope, can be used to solve many issues. when it comes to internal or personal issues or problems that occur, it can be quite stressful or upsetting some times. we could use this technology to read the emotions of a student and identify the changes in there mood. this technology, as dr. eckman said in the passage, can detect happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. suppose a students family member was in a car accident. this technology could identify that something wrong has happened by the sadness on the students face. suppose a student suffers from depression. we could code these computers to not only identy emotions but again, alert to us that something is wrong. this, in turn, allows the student to get proper treatment and help. another way that this new technology could help, as dr. huang stated, is if it could recognize when a student becomes bored or confused. this is a sure fire way to help thousands, if not millions of students stay focused in school and learn. when the program recognizes the students boredom or agitation or confusion, it could make things simpler or change the way they are learning to best keep them entertained and on board. a lot of students in my very own school are hit with such boredom that they doze off in class. with this new technology that can change. have you ever had times where you got frustrated because your computer wouldnt cooperate or do the right thing you requested? i sure have and it is quite often. this facial action coding system could help in those situations as well. if more emotions are put into this system it could detect and find a way to change those emotions if negative. they have technology where you can command your computer or device with your voice, but sometimes that does not work either. this new technology combined with the voice commands could help us communicate or requests and objectives clearly so the computer can understand. although our devices may not be flesh and blood, they do indeed have brains. uncapable of many things, but never the less it has a control center. we could better communicate with our devices through this new technology. this technology, like i have described, can have many good and positive uses. im sure you could come up with many just as well as the rest of us. as technology advances we learn to accept it and adapt to it. we use it in everyday life. as you can see, i believe this technology could improve humanity and students lives by identifying problems and finding ways to fix them, improve learning process, and better our communication with computers and such devices.