driverless cars are a new and upcoming thing in our world today. drivers having to constantly steer and brake is a thing of the past. now, cars drive themselves and humans are no more required to be the drivers, but the passengers. but many people dont believe that this is the road we should go down. could going completely driverless put humans in even more danger than we are today? after reading the article, development of driverless cars should be stopped because they cause more crashes, prove technology is unreliable, and show that who to put at blame is unknown and will cause problems. development of driverless cars need to be stopped. these cars not only seem to not need human drivers, but means that were in trusting these cars with our lives. today, car accidents are a variety of reckless driving, simple mistakes, etc. but what they have in common is theyre all accidents that humans have committed. in the article, paragraph , it says humans will be notified by the car when a situation gets too complicated or diffcult for it to handle. but by the time the car notifies the passenger, wont it be too late for the human to react and take over? driverless cars putting us humans in situations like this will only cause panic for us, when we arent even suppose to be driving, but passengers, and cause even more crashes. driverless cars dont need to be developed because theyll just put us in more danger than were already in. technology is the main component these driverless cars utilize to actually be able to drive by themselves. in paragraph  it says, the information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on the individual wheels and reduce power from the engine... in our world today, technology and manufactured devices malfunction all the time. its just what happens because humans dont know everything there is to know about everything. what if to say this happened to the sensors in the driverless cars. if the sensors just stop working, causing the car to stop, putting the passenger in a great amount of danger. technology isnt reliable, so why should we have to rely on technology to drive our cars? its just more danger being caused instead of being prevented if we develop these cars. we should rely on ourselves to drive our cars instead of technology because it can just malfunction at anytime, without a warning. directly in the article, in paragraph , it posed the question if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault  the driver or the manufacturer? this is a very important question because its basically asking whos taking the blame if someone is injured by these driverless cars? this could all be avoided if we stop the development of those cars. forsay, if someones injured, would the guilt lie on the passenger whos suppose to be watching the driverless car drive or the manufacturers who made the car in the first place? chaos and problems will arise if this situation takes place. both people should be at fault though because theyre giving technology the wheel and the path to do what it want, even if its programmed to do one thing. but like i said before, these accidents and questioning whos at fault can be avoided if we take away what causing this all technology. stopping production of these cars will take the blame away and make accidents more clearer as whos to blame. the idea of having driverless cars in our world today isnt not going to go away anytime soon, but proving why it shouldnt be develop and not even being an idea anymore can keep them from being a thing in our world to come. driverless cars not only take the control out of the driver, but take control of the fate of the passengers lives too. development of driverless cars should be stopped because they cause more accidents, prove technology is unreliable, and cause questions of whos at fault for crashes. taking driverless cars out of our streets and sticking to mandriven cars will make the world a safer place not only now, but for our future too.