one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. those were the words spoken by neil armstrong seconds before he took a giant leap on the moon. this is a memorable event in american history because it was the first american to ever set foot on the moon. before neil made it to the moon, no one thought that it would ever be possible to make it that far. now we are planning to explore venus. the author states that he wants to explore venus no matter what the percautions are. there are always good and bad effects of each action and the exploration of venus has a lot of them. first of all, the author states that venus is the closest planet to the earth when mars is not it depends on their orbits around the sun. with venus a close distance to the earth, it would be easier to explore than any other planet in the galaxy. this planet has the most earthlike features in the milky way which makes it attract scientists. there are so many valuable reasons why the exploration of this planet is a good idea. on the contrary, the most difficult part of the mission is venus atmosphere. carbon dioxide takes up  percent of the atmoshere also the clouds have highly corrosive sulfuric acid clouds. if that does not damage a spacecraft, the pressure that is  times greater than earth will. the temperatures there way over exceed the temperatures on earth the temperature there averages over  degrees fahrenheit. nasa has been working on spacecraft to make it there and they are making progress. humans have already sent numerous spacecraft to land on venus already however, none of the spacecraft made it on the planet long enough for any human to survive there. the author constructed his information very well. the author explained why nasa wants to explore venus. facts were provided to let the reader know that this article is not just opionated but also factual. i really liked how the author explained why venus will be a hard mission to achieve, it shows that nasa knows their weaknesses and therefore will be able to fix them. nasa has many backup plans in case one of them fail. in conclusion, this was a well written article. the author knew what he was talking about which persuaded me to think that studying venus would benefit science. i also applied my background knowledge of the moon landing while reading this article i knew that it once seemed impossible to land on the moon but we achieved it, now we are planning to land on venus and hopefully will achieve that too.