first of all im going to argue about changing election by popular vote for the president of the united states. the electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, a nondemocratic method of selecting the a president that out to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. the advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the electoral college method is not democratic in a modern sense. second off, but each party, selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee and that trust is rarely betrayed...however, it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. yet it happens rarely. also there are five reasons for retaining the electoral college despite its lack of democratic pedigree all are practical reasons, not liberal or coservative reasons. thirdly, a dispute over the outcomes of an electoral college vote is possible it happened in  but its less likely than a dipute over the popular vote. the reason is the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. in  s election, for example obama recieved . percent of the electoral votes compared to only . percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney... because almost all staes award electoral votes on a winnertakeallbasis, even a slight plurality in a state creates a landslide of electoralvote victory in theat state. finally, the electoral college avoids the problem of election in which no candidates recives a majority of votes cast. for example, nixon in  and clinton in  both had only a  percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral college  and  electoal votes, respectively. there is pressure for runoff elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presendential elections process, is reduced by the electoral college, which invariably produces a clear winner.