the way of the future is here.a computer program that can read emotions. this tech nology was mad eby many people including dr.huang, dr. paul eckman, and prof. nicu sebe.it makes a replica of all majior muscles in a computer model. how could this technology be usefull in the too well know classroom. it could tell if a child is depressed,help peole figure out the unkown, and if a child is getting confused. when a teenager is in school gets bored in class what do they do? they dont pay attention they zone off into space.dr.huang says,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored ... then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor,dalto .this would allow students to pay more attention to what the techers are trying to tech them. this would increase scores and help the exhausted teenagers wake up in the morning and be ready to learn the needed materials. one of the increasing cause of death is suicide. this is typically followed by sevier depression.the text states, eckman has classified six basic emotions happiness,suprise,anger,disgust,fear, and sadness...,dalto . with time and thought they can code even more emotions such as depression. it could send a signal to someone in the school so that they know that someone is in need of help. this would drasticly reduce the suicide rates of teenagers. this isnt the only issue that programing new emotions can fix. the process that they are using give aportunties in many unkown pieces of art work. such as the piece they experimented with, the mona lisa. the algorithm figured out that,shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry,dalto . they could do this to many other renaisance pieces that students in higher art classes such as art history learn for example the artifolini portrait has had controversy pertaing it. some say that it is depicting a wedding while others think it is a pertruding picture. if we could find their painted emotions it could help with settling that argument. this can help many students and historians discover new information. the algorithm that was made by many, highly educated, people has endless possibilities. it may take time to increase the capibility of the program, but it will be worth it.this could help many school corporations in increasing their academic capibility. this program is valuable for many activities but, most important help tech our future generations.