the laws have changed. we now have days where we cannot use our cars for the day. we can only get around using buses, a local taxi, bikes, walk etc,. would this benefit us or would it not? some cities and countries around the world are banning cars. instead they would like to use public transportation, a biciylce, or maybe your own two feet to get around. i believe that this topic is reasonable and i agree. the united states is considering this law of not having to use our cars for a day or two each week so we can get out in the fresh air or try out some new transportation for personal knowledge of more ways to get around. the paper, the end of car culture, states that recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. assuming, we are already shifting into a lifestyle of not having a car for a day or two. to me, this would benefit the country because of our high obesity rate. if more people ride their bikes to places or walk places, this will give them more exercise opportunities and help them lose weight in a more constructive way. just riding your bike or walking a mile to the grocery store a day can definitely help someone out. speaking of helping things out, how about the environment? the article, paris band driving due to smog, states that after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. robert duffer also states that paris uses mondays to be deicated ro evennumbered license plates are ordered to leave their cars at home and the next day oddnumbered license plates were ordered to keep their cars home. the diesel fuel in paris was hurting the environment so that is why they banned cars. here in the united states i believe that the car pollution is also hurting our environment. riding bikes and walking places is a good activity for everyone to do. most of us, except the  of people in america, have trouble with money. riding bikes around and walking to a friends house or to the store, would definitely help our money situations. not having a car two days a week means we do not have to get gas as much, which would save us money. using a taxi would be useful too but, not as much becuase the money adds up also. not using cars can completely help our community and country in so many ways. banning cars for a day or two sounds like a fantastic idea. being able to go out and get fresh air and get some exercise would be great for our country. less pollutions, less money and more constructive activities for getting around to places. all sounds like a good idea to me. lets see if the united states takes action.