many people are in belief of evaporating the idea of having the electoral college. a gallop poll taken in  shows that citizens would rather have a direct election. as a member of the united states you must think of all the posibilites. yes, the electoral college was once a great process, but now there are some changes are in need of being made. the electoral college is a process in which we select electors. this long and dragged out procedure is many steps that take months to prepare for. first, there must be a selection of the electors which are chosen by the states. then the meeting must be planed and taken place. who and why is a hard aspect to decide on voting day for those who have been chosen to be the electors. votes for president and vice president must be made. after voting the counting beings. the electoral college has a total of  members. over  votes must be made to elect the president. this process can easily be shortend by using a direct election. by having a direct election everyones voice is heard. this means less arguing in the states. citizens enjoying believing their thoughts are not being avoided. having the electoral college taking place is highly unwanted in the us. this is because the people believe a direct vote is more efficient way for them to show who they believe is worthy of being president and vice president. each candidate running for office retains a group of electors from a state. these electors are normally chosen by the candidates political party. this means if a person doesnt like the electors chosen they feel like they still dont have a say of what is going on in the presidential election. in conclusion, the electoral college is no longer a process citizens enjoy. this procedure is too long and citizens dont encourage it. many people believe that this branch of government feels they will lose more power if the electoral college is given up on. using a direct election will spare the arguments and will allow us to have an easy and manageable process in which to vote on our leading man.