in  the challenge of exploring venus the author provides with information about venus being a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. however in paragraph  it states that,  venus is actually a planet. in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our run. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine closely . although nasa has sent many humans to examine and stud ythe planet venus no human has actually came close to the planet. in recent studies nobody has actually came close to the planet and heres why. in paragraph  it states that,  a thick atomosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus . in paragraph the author states that  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degres fahernheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. these conditions are contions that humans may not be able to handle thats why nobody has came close to the planet. humans have certain things the can handle and what venus has are things humans can not handle. the author is providing us enough information on what goes on the planet venus. the author states in paragraph   at thirty plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degress fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to the sea level on earth . these are not easy conditions for humans and thats why nasa and scientists both are working their way to getting humans to venus without experiencing minor conditons. in paragraph  the author is providing information about the  the national aeronautics and space administration  nasa has one particualery compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. in paragraph  it states the following  nasas possible solution to the hostile conditons on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray . nasa and scientists both may have a better idea than to send a human being to study the planet venus. nasa and their team are working on machine that will be able to get close enough to the planet venus. it states in paragraph  that  simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a champer simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditons . striving to meet the challenges presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to e gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely led us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this proves that studying venus isnt impossible but many conditons can effect human beings. venus is a planet nasa and scientists themselves can study but with different ways than sending a human being their to study. the author provided enough information to understadn that venus is not a easy planet to study. in  the challenge of exploring venus  the author provided enough informatiom to state that venus is a worthy pursuit but has some challenges to it.