driverless cars would be a bad idea in my opinion. there has been a lot of television shows and movies about cars that could drive themselves. there are not any truly driverless cars yet. google cars still alert the driver for problems like pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. other problems may occur such as complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. now a days cars have senors. they detect and respon to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. they apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine. accidents could still happen even with these advancements. human drivers couldnt manage to stop or slow down alone. these senors do not stop the drivers to get into accidents. in the us, the states california, nevada, florida, and the distract of columbia have allowed limited use of semiautonomous cars. manufacturers beieve that more states will follow when they prove that cars are reliably safe. most states focus on the law that keeps drivers, assengers, and pedestraians safe. lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. in most states it is illegal to even test computer driven cars. to have computer driven cars, manufacturers would have to go through a lot of work with the people and the government. if the technology fails and someone is injured, they would not know who is at fault. that would be a lot of money wasted for the driver or the manufacturer. if traffic laws change then new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. a lot of people wouldnt like going through change and would just rather depend on thierselves. driverless cars would be a waste of time and money. it would change the way people live and how depandable they are on technology. drivers should be able to be in control of thier car. they should remain alert and be ready to take over when situation requires. no truly computer driven car has existed. humans should not be that depandant on technology.