have you ever thought of the world without no cars? some people would say it would be outrageous for that to happen, but it has been proven that cars may be actually killing the planet that we live on which is a really big deal. so lets think for a minute how many advantages could come out of not using cars anymore in modern society. the smog the smog is whats killing the earth and messing up the clean air. paragraph  source  even americans are just not buying as many cars and has been declining from its peak since . paragraph  source  roads, parking lots, and gas stations take up most of the u.s and without cars we could use a main street and have shops on it and could walk or ride our bicycles. paragraph  source  first off, cars are just going out of style they are not as popular as they were  years ago. in  they reached their peak of selling cars and people getting their licenses but ever since then it been going down hill. also as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . as stated in paragraph  source  there has also been a large drop in the percentage of  to yearolds getting a license. stated in paragraph  source  second, it would clear up alot of used space that parking lots, gas stations and highways take up. we could use this new space for a main street and have shops along the street and people could use their bicyles or they could even walk to the places and go shopping. this would be a very good ide for a small suburban town with some shops and a main street. i do however understand it may be a little more difficult for a big city but im sure there is a way to work something out. third, i think this is the biggest problem with cars, the smog. smog plays the biggest role in killing our planet but whether it be from cars or factorys it still hurting us and there are ways that we could stop it. there is a way that we could stop this pollution and harmful effects to the earth such as hybrids or plugin cars. all in all there are many reasons that cars should be abolished but yet there are still a few exceptions to this and until proven cars will still be here. just next time you get in a car think about what it may be doing to the earth or soon.