can we smile? in the passage in descibes how much technology has progreseed over the years. went from old windowss, then microsfot, and now we have technology that can read exprssions. the way this works. you just can not use just some simple gaming pc. thers this computer based opperation that can describe your mood or how you feel, but is this safe to use around children and is the world ready for this kind of technology?. there are pros and cons on using this for people in the outside world. some pros are, it is very interesting to see how it works. kids cold see how the muscles in your jaw and sides of your mouths flex and pull just make that simple smile that you never wanna make when grandma wants to take a picture with you. also it could show a kid a feeling they do not notice or feel about themselves. say your thinking of doing anything harmful to someone or to yourself the system can probably see that through the system. some cons are, what if a child or teen is going through a lot, and they do not want there feeling shown. what if it shows depression in the smile. also the story says there are many doctors that have worked on this facial recognition system, and it could really be complex. the doctors are two smart doctors all over, professer thomas huang from beckman insitute for advanced science at the university of illinois. also, professer nicu sebe of university of amsterdam. some kids might think it is like a transformer. the question i have is how can they do the prcess ona painting from italy. well just the right way it is positioned. do i think it should be in a classroom? no, because it could bedangerous with all the technology. do i think kids should at least know how it wrks and what th computer looks like? yes, because this our new generation, technolgy will never stop being created. you can not stop technology. in conclusion, the computer based media can be used in and positive way and negative way also. so tech can be useful some does not even have to chance to make it in the outside world. but, using it to describe how you feel and why you feel, how bad can that be?