humans have feelings. everyone knows that. we can be happy, sad, angry, grossed out. no one can tell us how we feel. if you look at someone and that person is smiling, we will probably assume that he or she is happy. what we dont know is that she is probably hurting on the inside. having a software that assumes feelings wont help in a way. scientist dr. paul eckman created a system called facs. it stands for facial action coding system. by looking at your face it can tell how youre feeling. the system can read  six basic emotions  happiness, surprise,anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. youre probably wondering how. your facial muscles show how youre feeling. you can feel more than one feeling. what if you feel happy but surpried. your face wont split in half. one half is smiling while the other half has an eyebrow arched. no that cannot happen. like people, systems cant tell how someone is feeling. the facs system in a classroom will depend on the age group. why would you need it? there are countless people who will listen to you express your feelings. especially in a school. i do not see a pont in computers and humans to communicate. again, there are so many people in this world you can speak to why make a system for you to talk to a computer. what is the computer going to do if it sees your faceand you look sad. it wont do anything buy register that youre not having a good day. students should be having conversations with a classmate not having their head in their phones, computers, or tablets.  most human communication is noonverbal, including emotional communication, states dr. huang. i believe thats wrong. people want to talk about how they feel. there are jobs specificaly for talking about feelings. teenagers are difficult and want to keep most things bottled in so no one can judge or give sympathy. once they find the right person, theyll talk their heads off about how theyre feeling. having this program wont help humans express how they feel. they will just want to conceal it even more. we dont want to appear weak. if we appear weak then other people will take advantage. i can sleep for  hours but sometimes ill still be tired. the bags under my eyes will tell you that i am tired. you will assume that i did not sleep at all but in reality i slept for nine hours. the system will not give you an accurate response to how someone is feeling, it will just assume.