when people hear about banning or limiting car use they would think thats crazy. why would the govenment ban car use? why would anyone vote for cars use to be banned or limited? most people ask these questions because they dont know how they would get to work or go to the store. but there are many ways to get from one place to another. one reason to limit or ban car use is because of greenhouse gases.passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states.in german suburb, life goes on without cars, paragraph  most peple that live in heavily populated areas know what smog is and how bad it gets. greenhouse gases are really bad fot the environment and for us. paris is one of the cities with this problem. last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussel and . in london...paris bans driving due to smog, paragraph  another reason to limit car use is because too many people are driving and it causes stress.its a good opportunity to take away stressand lower air pollution, said businessman carlos... as he rode a twoseat bicycle with his wife.carfree day is spinning into a big hit in botogta, paragraph  in colombia millions hiked, biked skated or took buses to work during car free day leaving streets with no traffic jams. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,... media trainer and mother of two.. when people cant use cars they dont want to walk all the way to a store that maybe  or more miles away. but accordint to in german suburb, life goes on without cars,  in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway.paragraph  in paris, on the days people couldnt use cars, public transit was free of charge from friday to monday... if the public transportation was free then on the days we dont use cars the same could apply here. the main reason for limiting car use is toreduce the amout of greenhouse gases. its not that bad of an idea if you think about it. cars wouldnt be banned forever just on certain days or untill the smog lightenes up. if paris and colombia and cali and valledupar are doing it we should too. lets make the world a cleaner place because we only have one.