the use of this technology facs that is able to read emotional expression does appear to be pretty valueable because what these creators are trying to do is improve student learning, how effective it is, and how efficiently students learn. by being able to see and identify a students emotions it could help see in what ways they could stay concentrated and help them focus at the task at hand, this is important since people usually have a short attention span, especially if its something undesireable. not only can this be efficient for students but it also can be efficient for adults and anyone using the web. imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different, here not only is it being talked about the convience for people and their interests but also an advance in technology. having a computer that can identify what you like or dont and tries to accomodate your likes and dislikes is a major technology advancement as well as a satisfaction to the consumer, here being students, teachers, as well as parents. the facs is a valuable resource not only for students but also for people in general, it would help modify everyones learning environment and how they learn things and this truly is important to the students, teachers, and parents at schools. the article goes on to say a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. whats being discussed here is the idea that this use of technology could help improve a students learning, the way they learn, their learning style, and keep their attention on the task as well as having them learn based on what they like and what keeps their attention drawed. the use of facs to read students emotional expressions seems to be very valuable in the matter that whats trying to be done is for the students benefit and is trying to get them to improve their learning and cognitive skills based on what the way things are being taught. the goal here is to make a piece of technology thats going to help computers identify and read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom and help keep them from being confused or bored by modifying these lessons based on their interests and the way they react to things, being able to accomplish this goal will really help set these students on a more cognitive path that will help them be more successful in the future. a student learning based on their interest could really change the future into a better one with the help of a technology advancement. the facs is something very valuable that can help improve and advance students and all of us into a better future and bettering education for students is very important as well as it is for the teachers and parents, creating a better future for these students and the education system is something really valuable that facs is trying to do and improve and that is very significant.