while cars are not yet completely driverless, the current measures ensuring the entertainment, safety, and almost constant leisure of the passenger provide a bright outlook for the future. driverless cars are coming. passengers barely have to intervene at the moment, and with the passage of time, the technology needed to make completely driverless cars will come. with cars already capable of  autonomy, it is not difficult to imagine completely autonomous cars, and considering the safety of said cars, it is unlikely that the law will maintain nonintervention on the matter. many wonder why anyone would want to drive a driverless car that still requires a driver, but the technology ensures that cars are neigh on completely driverless and also allow the passenger more entertainment while shehe is not driving. incar entertainment in the form of pandora is already installed in cars, as well as incar texting. however, these displays turn off instantly when the driver needs to take over. this is not as easily possible with drivers trying to text with cell phones. the incar system is thus both a safety measure and an entertainment provider. admittedly, cars are not yet completely driverless, but they are nearly so and it is not far fetched to believe that cars will become completely driverless in the future. the  bmw traffic jam assistant can handle speeds up to  mph, while also ensuring the driver keeps hold of the wheel and is able and ready to takeover should the situation require it. the cars can steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but they notify the driver when the road requires their skills. this begot the necessity of quickly gaining the drivers attention for just this problem. cameras can watch to ensure drivers focus on the road and other technology also serves to ensure the drivers attention is on the road and can easily be caught. however, the lack of traffic laws concerning driverless cars currently decreases the spread of use of the driverless car. currently, traffic laws operate under the belief that human drivers are safer than robotic ones, but the safety measures in cars prove that said cars warrant laws to be made about them. they are not as unsafe as human drivers, and in fact can be safer because they make texting and driving more impossible. there is no longer reason for the law to call driverless cars unsafe, and it is imperative that they make laws concerning them. automakers continue to tweak current driverless cars under the correct assumption currently face are surmountable. it is already  and tesla cars can drive on autopilot  of the time. thanks to the fact that driverless cars can already drive on autopilot  of the time, the only hindrance to the growth of use of driverless cars is the lack of laws concerning said cars. however, because the cars can be mostly autonomous and are quite safe, it is likely that laws will soon be made to cover driverless cars.