have you ever been bored in class and need something interesting to learn instead of your tedious teacher lecturing you the whole class? with the new technology called facial action coding system, it can recognize your facial expressions and tell your emotions. this technology can be very useful in the classroom because it can tell if you are interested in the topic that you are talking about, also it can tell if you are disinterested in the topic and need a little spark of interest, and lastly it can maybe even tone the learning down if you are too confused or getting angry to understand what is going on. with all of this abundance of new technology coming in the future some of them can be used for our academics. with this new technology called facial action coding system we can use it to improve our test scores, and starting to put interest into kids in school. within the text it says, eckman has classified six basic emotionshapiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. this shows us that dr. paul eckman has made technology that has the potential to recognize if people are interested in school. also, with this technology it could provide feedback to the teachers to see how they are doing with their students in class. this technology could also be able to tell if someone is doing poorly in the class because of disinterest. dr. huang says in the article, a classroom computer could recognize when when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. what dr. huang says can alter the way that kids learn very dramatically. if you have a bored or uninteredted kid in your class the computer can recognize it immediately and change hisher lesson so that they are able to learn better without being bored. confusion, anger, and depression can also all be a factor on a childs learning, but with this new technology maybe it will be able to understand when they need to see a guidance councellor for help. dr. huang continues to say, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication ,and he also says, so computers need to understand that, too. what dr. huang is trying to say is that this technology can also help us with things that we dont want to talk about to other people. for example, if somone was having family problems at home and it was effecting their school work the computer would be able to recognize that this person was very depressed and can get them the help they need within the school. technology is evolving and we should be using it to its full potential of helping our future look brighter by increasing our academics with this facial action coding system. this new system could help out many students when they are in bored, confused, angry, depressed, or even interested in what they are learing. with all of the feedback it can help these students learn more efficiently.