every day, technology is becoming more and more advanced. from new games on a phone all the way to new advances in medical technology. some people might even say that in the future, everything will be run by computers. though, some of this amazing new programming, such as the facial action coding system, is unnecessary. even though this programming is very cool and sounds like a revolutionary new thing, there are still a few problems with the idea. one problem being that a bunch of people probably wont agree to use it because of facial recognition databases and government conspiracy theories. another problem is that computers are just computers and human emotions are much more diverse and complex than six basic emotions which happen to be portrayed differently by every human being. for example, in paragraph  it is stated that,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson... . this, in itself, sounds like it could be super helpful to alot of students. however, computers do not have brains and can not think for themselves, and even though there is some super advanced software involved, modifying the lesson based on a students face has alot of loop holes. faking a convincing facial expression really isnt hard to do, so students could manipulate their lesson quite easily, keeping them from learning necessary things. also, not a lot of students constantly enjoy their lessons so modifying the knowledge based on if a student looks bored isnt very smart. on the other hand, the article does say that, the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressive  for video games or video surgery. this shows that this type of software really isnt useless, its just that using it to read students emotional expressions isnt really a necessary thing. to conclude, this type of programming could be useful if used in the proper way, but it most likely wont do too much for students. if students have found ways to get out of or cheat on homework before, then theres nothing stopping them from breaking the rules of this facial recognition software either.