the seagoing cowboys i think more people should participate in the seagoing cowboys program because its a chance to experience new things, see unique places, and meet many new people. being in the seagoing cowboys program could open up your eyes to new and exciting things. its a great opportunity to become a seagoing cowboy. being part of the seagoing cowboys, you can have lots of fun. you can find unique ways to spend your time, because the seagoing cowboys have to go on some pretty long trips. but, you can also go sightseeing, and see wonderful things. you can also get a chance to help out people who really need it, and it feels great to give to other people. it opened up the world for some people. it makes you more aware of people of other countries and their needs. there will be lots of other people on board too, so you can also get a chance to socialize with them, and become great friends. when you can find time to have fun on board, you can play games such as baseball, volleyball, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling. you can even have a tabletennis tournament, and many more other types of games. its sure to make it feel like time is going by quicker. its not all fun and games, though. you also will have to care for the animals. you must make sure you feed and water them two or three times a day. you need to make sure that you will also have enough food and water for the animals, and the people on board. you have to make sure the animals stalls are clean, too. but, doing this can also keep you busy, and if you like to care for animals, then this could also be very fun. you will have to try and stay safe too, and make sure other people on board are safe, as well. just try not to fall off the cattle boat. its not that hard. you will have to be extra careful if you have to serve as a night watchman. you will have to check on all the animals every hour and report to the captain. while you travel the sea, you can get a chance to go touring in the places. you can get a chance to take a gondola ride in venice, italy, which is a city with streets of water. you can tour an excavated castle in crete, and maybe pass by the panama canal. theres a lot of opportunities to see many cool and unique things as part of the seagoing cowboys. its a trip youre sure to never ever forget. these are all my reasons of why i believe more people should join the seagoing cowboys. its a lot of work, but its worth it. being a part of the seagoing cowboys, is much more than just an adventure.