landform or a lie? the world has seen the face taken by nasa a few years ago. some people say its a natural landform and some people say its an alien creation. nasa has figured out that its just a natural landform on mars and nothing else. nasa havent explored all of mars and can state its an alien creation, there might be more than just one and they all could be natural landforms. it might look like a really weird face from above, but nasa has already stated that its a natural landform. nasa has explored a lot of mars, but not enough information to say its an alien creation. theyve just found one and it looks pretty like a huge face to some people. they might find more out there just like this and its still and ordinary landform. on earth there are a lot of these landforms around the american west. nasa has taken a picture in really highquality camera to show that its just a natural lanform there. before amercia had these great cameras and computers, they werent able to get a clear picture of the face. so people just assumed that it was an alien creationmonument. if they say it is where are the facts that say its an alien monument. later after all those years, nasa were able to take a maxium resolution picture and post it to the world. thousands of people were waiting to see the photo, but when they did it was just a natural landform. there was no alien creation to see and observe at. although nasa has said its just a natural landform, people state that sometimes nasa doesnt want us to know certain things. some people say it couldve been a monument created by an alien civilization on mars. they havent gone through all of mars and know that was there or not. nasa might eventually find more of these landforms and study to actually say its an alien creation. conspiracy theorists state that the face is bona fide evidence and that nasa would hide them from us. the world doesnt know whats out there to say that its this or its that. since, nasa people say that its a natural landform, people believe them. the face is nothing else than a landform on mars, its known to find some of these landforms around the american west. nasa has aready proven that its just an ordinary lanform with a maximum resolution camera and posted it to the world to see. nasa has hid a lot of stuff from us and right now in this situation, people believe that theyre lying to the u.s. some people believe in nasa, some people in conspiracy theorists, but who knows what that face is.