have you ever wanted to go to another planet like venus? in the article the challenge of exploring venus talks about how people should go visit venus but there is a lot of danger in going there. the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by showing ways people can go there and the kinds of technology they have to look closely into venus. in the article it talks about the different ways why people should go there to explore and the discovery of it. in the article it says at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, nut the air pressure would be close that of sea level on earth. this tells us that the planet venuss temperature would be very high for them to go there but the sea levels of the earth would be close so the people would be able to survive in the planet. the article also states that however,peering at venus from aship orbiting or hovering safely far above only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. this also shows how nasa can go the venus by the help of the light of the earth and help them survive in the planet. this is how the author helps support the idea that it is worth going to venus. another reason why the author proves that going to venus is worth going despite the dangers it presents is that nasa has technology where they can explore venus more closely because of the kind of technology they have. in the article it states for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such contitions. this shows that nasa has the right technology to look closely into venus and have lasted for three wekks very good conditions. this is how the author shows us how nasa has the right technology to explore the planet venus and it is worthy to look closely into venus because its one the planets where people have not went or look closely at it. in this article it tells us the different ways how we can go to venus and to discoverly into it more because its one of the main planets in the solar system. the author shows the reasons why it is worthly to go there despite the danger it has by showing the different ways we should go there and the kind of technology people have to discover the planet. people should allow this to happen because venus is a planet where nobody really studies about it and has nobody been to it.