the story is going to be about the challenge of exploring venus. vanus is the clostest to the earth by size and density. venus is the brightest planets in the night sky. venus is the hottest planet in our solar system many livings can died and even a mental can melt too. the atmosphere of venus contain alomost  percents of carbon dioxide. now scientist are trying to go to venus to study more about the planet. scientist say that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. what do you think about it? if you were a scientist will you go to venus to study more about it? it it were me i wont definitly not do it. it is a dangerious planet, because livings things and nonliving thing can died out of the heat even a mental can melt in a minutes. first, scientist say that studying venus is a worthy pursit despite the dangers it presents. they want to study more about venus not only because of the insight to be gained the planet itself. but also because they want to tell many people about the planet. they also study the vanus because they think that human curiosity will likely lead them into many equally. more importantly scientist cannot take sample rock from other world to do research. secondly if scientit dont study about the planet of venus we will not know nothing about the planet itself. if they dont study about venus we will not know what happen in the begining on venus. we will also not know if life exist on venus. we will also not know is venus a planets or a star and what is the closest planet to venus. we will not know why venus is the hottest, even thought mars is the closest planet to the sun. finally we know all about venus because scientist study about the planet. we know that venus is a planet that is the brightest in the night sky. we also know that venus is the hottest planets in the solar system. futher more we know that anything can melt in venus. also if scientist dont study about the planet of venus we will not know what kind of life exist on the planet of venus. in conclusion we know how important it is to study venus. venus is the closest to our earth and it is the second hottest planet from the sun. the planet of venus has almost  perscent of a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide. scientist study about venus even thought it is dangerious, so they can tell us more about it. now i know all about the planet of venus.