the world is becoming more and more reliable on technology as time passed by. people have become very reliable on computers, cell phones, and many other types of technology. now, in the article driverless cars are coming, it discusses the idea of possibly having cars that drive by themselves in the future. the author shows both the positive and the negative effects of this possibility. however, i am completely against the development of driverless cars. one major reason that i am opposed to this idea is the cost. it would cost us lots of money to be able to manufacture these cars. at first, the plan was to not build smarter cars but to build smarter roads. general motors created a track to test out this plan. however, in the article it states,these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. so the concept of making improved, smarter roads was not an option. another example of driverless cars costing too much money is talked about in paragraph . the text talks about how the cars would need to be a lot smarter. this would mean that they need to have a bunch of sensors all around the car. a quote from the text that supports this says,googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. it would still cost lots of money to fund for the smarter cars due to the large amount of technology needed. another reason that i am strongly against driverless cars is safety issues. there could be many things that could go wrong with the advanced technology. for example, the driverless cars are designed to drive by themselves, but cannot handle driving through construction zones or around accidents. the article states,this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. i believe that this would be a huge issue. a person could easily fall asleep while in the car and not be able to take over the vehicle. in my mind, this would cause a lot of accidents. leading into my final reason, if there was to be an accident, whose fault would it be? not only will the traffic laws need to be changed for this to happen, but also new liability laws with need to be developed in the case of an accident. in the article it says,if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? that is a big question that could lead to many problems. i think that driverless cars could cause more lawsuits to be made in order to figure out this one, single question. in my opinion, i do not agree with the idea of developing driverless cars. it would cause us to lose too much money whether we create smarter roads or smarter cars. it would be a big safety issue and also cause more lawsuits to be filed and problems in court. creating such improvements like driverless cars will only lead to issues in the future.