the development of driverless cars is certainly an indicator that technology has come a long way since henry ford and the modelt. however, it is disappointing that the technology at hand is being used to encourage sloth, laziness, and lackadaisical behavior. above all, the whole idea of driverless cars is a dangerous one. if drivers arent alert and ready at the wheel in a precarious position, which there is bound to be, then it would result in an automotive accident that could cost someone his life, or a major lawsuit against the car company that didnt need to happen. the time spent developing these automated creations could be better spent creating other automated products. overall, humanity has to be productive. productivity solves problems laziness solves nothing. in a time when there are many problems to be solved global warming, cancer, religious extremism, civil rights, humans dont have time to waste. the projected ideas presented within driverless cars are coming lead the reader to assume that the only way drivers wouldnt need to drive at all, is if every single car owner owned one of these smart cars. then humans wouldnt need to drive, the systems used in the cars would probably show the best routes and make better choices, as well as prevent obstacles like traffic jams, but even if it worked big cities like new york and chicago, where high traffic is incessant, this still wouldnt be practical. this leaves the human operator the car wasting time, rather than doing something productive or worthwhile. the whole idea of smart cars is dangerous. some may deem it impractical, but seeing how far technology has progressed already, it isnt a large jump from driverless cars to driverless cars with wifi, and from there not much of a jump from car jackers to car hackers. the inevitable connection of these cars to form a more optimal system of driving as far as traffic is concerned poses a problem system breaches. if an unknown entity were to hack one of the computer operated driverless cars and decide to tamper with sensors or other facilities, that could put a human in peril. if a driver isnt paying attention when the car signals to take over, or cant react fast enough, that also could result in danger for the operator. there are much better uses for the systems and devices involved in driverless cars. the sensors could create amazing security systems. the gps has a massive variety of uses already being employed today. the technology could create drones to assist in jobs humans cant do already. theres a vast amount of untapped potential that could be dangerously wasted on cars. the driverless car creates opportunities. opportunities to put others in danger, yet opportunities to give people a break. however, the driverless car must be taken with a grain of salt. carefully examined, thoroughly protected, an eye catching piece of metal for the driver. driverless cars have to come a long way before being ready for the public.