would you like technology called the facial action coding system to see how you are feeling? should it be used in schools? there is technology that can see your emotions. the facial action coding system is used to code your facial emotions. it can tell how happy, or mad you are. it should be used in schools because it can see how students are feeling, a new way to see if a student needs help with something, and a way to see students in a different perspective. the facial action coding system is a new way to see how a student or teacher is feeling. with this new technology teachers can see how students are feeling. this could let teacher, classmates, or even their parents know how they are feeling. it can be used to see how a student feels about the assignments the teachers give them. it can show the feelings toward school work and might change how some teachers are teaching the student. it can be a way for teachers to help the students if they need it. the facial action coding system can be a way to for teachers to see how a student is feeling and to see if that teacher can help them through it. some students drop out of school because they do not feel like dealing with somethings that happen at school and at home. some school things students might not feel like dealing with is bullying or that they are failing a class because they do not understand the work. it can see if a student is confused about something and the teacher can go see what they need help with. it can see if a student is sad about something, and a teacher or countsler can ask the student about the problems they have. it gives a new perspective on the students and for the school. teachers now can only see how a student is feeling is if the student tells a teacher how they are feeling, or it they are not acting like they normally do. for the begining of the school year the teacher and the students do not really know each other and if a student is not feeling well a teacher does not really know if they are okay or not. with the facial action coding system it could let the teachers see how a student is feeling. it could give a chance for a teacher to get to know a student a little more better. school could go easier for both the students and the teachers. in conclusion, the facial action coding system should be in schools because it is valuable for them to have a better chance of acually going through school. students can get help if they need it. it can bring a teacher closer together to the students. it can show how a student really feels about things. it helps the students and the teachers. it is valuable for student to have a better chance at succsess.