driverless cars will most likely be present in the furure. they can take the headache out of driving. driving can be a hassle and people get upset while doing so. even though you might like the fact of being able to go on a long trip and not having to move a musle i dont believe self driving cars are a good idea. there are a lot of factors contributing to my disapproval of this invention. some of those factors are failure in technology, people not being as aware of their surroundings as they should be, and the cost of repairing or replacing parts of self driving cars. we all love technology but we also know that its known to fail. youve all probably had a computer that has crashed or a piece of technology that simply didnt work. even some of the most advanced companies make technology that fails. take nasa for example and the destruction of the space shuttle challenger. nasa has some of the most renown scientists and their tech still failed. self driven cars are ,of course, packed full of technology. this technology is vital to the safety of the passengers and other drivers. if it fails there will be many injuries and big money to pay. if your self driven car does fail to work correctly you could more than likely crash into others. this can happen with our vehicals now, but these new cars are supposed to be advanced. if they dont prevent reckless driving or accidents then why invent them? maybe you wouldnt be able to stop at an intersection. as the article states, there will be something signaling the human driver to take over the car. however, those signals are technological too. which means they can also fail at doing their job. yes theres a good possibility that the signals will work but what if its too late? humans are known for not paying attention. whether theyre in class or on the road. especially young adults. imagine if a teen was driving an automatic car. if they belive they dont have to pay attention to the road then they wont pay attention. if the car signals the driver to take control of the car and the driver is preoccupied with who knows what, then no accident is avoided. as questioned in the article, whos guilty of the crash. can a manufacturer really rely on a humans attention span? if a crash occured would it be the drivers fault for the lack of attention? or would it be blamed on the cars manufacturer for not having a signal that was obvious enough. a crash in one of these adavnced cars would be detramental to people physically but also to someones wallet. you know how much a new phone costs. its a lot right? even a new part for your gas powered car is pretty expensive. putting these too things together, it would give you and outrageously expensive technologically advanced part for your car. the article driveless cars are coming told us about how many sensors are used in one of these cars. if your car needed all or maybe just some of these parts replaced youre probably looking at a good chunk of your fortune about to disappear. technology isnt cheap if you want it to be reliable. self driving cars might sound extremely futuristic and fun at first. however when you actually think of what could go wrong with this invention when in the hands of the public, you may reconsider your notion. we know that technology isnt all that reliable and that even the most skilled inventors and engineers can fail at making well working technology. also if youre not always on gaurd while in a driverless car, theres a good chance for disaster even though its an advanced car. replacing a part in one of these cars would be out of this world expensive. reliable technology doesnt come cheap. in my opinion, i think we should stick to driving ourselves around until we perfect technology, people have better driving records, and the parts for these cars or affordable for everyone.