ever dreamed about visiting a different planet, that is considered earths twin? a planet that is very similar to earth from density to size is called venus. it is also very close to earth that it even has its nickname, evening star. though venus is planet earths twin it could be very dangers and difficult to analyze the planet, but it wont stop sicentists from that. the occurings of what happens in the planet, and why sicentists wont stop them from exploring venus. venus is the second planet from the sun. it for sure has different things that planet earth doesnt exprenice. in earth no one expreince the temperature,over  degrees fahrenheit. it would be impossible for humans to even live in such a hot planet. if they do send scientists they will have to be hovering in the air becuase of the extreme temperature. venus has some similar things that earth would have very dangerous volcanoes, earthquakes, and lightning that occur. so, why would nasa send sicentists to explore venus? the conditions in venus is nothing like earth. though some people might think theres not reason to go and explore venus some think there are reasons. the author of this article says that it is wroth going to see venus and analyze it. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system,paragraph,. this text from the article shows that venus was once like earth with similar features. other evidence from the article comes fgrom paragraph , ...venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. if it had some type of water in the planet now it would be very worthy to visit and even if not now, it could still be worthy becuase it could of in the pass. even today, venus has some features that earth has as well,... has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this helps out to why nasa should really be inspired to visit venus because of the ability that it could of once been earth. evening star is the nickname of planet earths twin. though its just the nickname its actually the second planet from the sun in our solar system. it would of been just like earth and it still has somes features similar to earth. so, lets investagate venus for a chance to visit and see planet earths twin.