the use of this facial action coding system in a classroom would make the kids and the teacher feel very weird. this sytem should not be used in the classroom, why would want a progam to determed our emtions in the class. in the article it say that  imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad dont think that would be wrong, nobody wants a system to tell them how they feel. that is like telling someone if they are ugly or not. having this in a class would just cause the kids to be happy and try to not show emtions. this facial coding system might great but not for the student or people. in the aricle it says  the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face of all  major muscles that means that all the muscles in the body would have to work. the use of this technology to read our emotions is not right on there part giving that peole have to show how they feel aleady. dont think we need a program to tell us how we feel. this woulds be a waste of this coding not a way for people to feel, making them not to show emtion or any feeling. the coding system can show six basic emotions they are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. this machine can tell you how you feel, believe that taking away our way of expessing ourself. a way of hsowing how we can as people show how we feel nobody wants a machine to tell us. this facial coding system sounds cool and what a great idea to have something telling us wha we are feeling. but not a good idea that be taking away the human emotions we can express on our own. taking away something as a human we need to use in the articel it say  the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. what that mean or sound like to you, it sounds like we can tell our pown emotion. in conclusion feel that we should not have this facial coding system in our school or anywhere else at that. this article is telling us how good the coding works on the way we are feeling. but what it is not telling us is that how would you feel if something was just scanning your face and telling you how you feel. its not something that people need in school , its like saying the minute you walk into somewhere there the system scanning your fae to see how you feel. believe can already tell how you feel because we all share the same emotions , happy , sad , angry, fear, disgust etc. so no facial coding system should tell me how we are feeling not even if its the in the world.