the face that is on mars was not created by aliens. we have noticed that aliens wouldnt be able to do this type of thing with just there hands. that the faces on mars had to be created by the storms that have gone through mars the past couple of years. aliens cant just build a face because they wouldnt know what a human face looks like. the face on mars has to be either created by storms or it was just a physical feature. the very first thing that we had thought that had created the face on mars was aliens, but we had concluded that aliens couldnt have done this the only thing that could do this is the weather. over the past couple years the face had become more clear possibly because of the strong winds passing by. on mars they have a lot of sandstorms which could build up over a long period of time. the only thing we could believe was how did they put holes for the eyes in the sand. the sand could have stuck together to form the mouth and the nose. the other thing that could have built the face on mars is just the physical features that had on it before the sand got blown off of it. something else that we cocluded is that the face on mars had been there for a long period of time before they even noticed physical feature. before they sent viking one on mars they never got a clear shot of the face from a satellite. the face could have been hidden in the sand, and all of a sudden there was a big gusty wind and sand was flying every where. the face started to slowly appear out from under the sand. over the past couple years more of it was starting to appear onto mars surface where we could see it better. the only possible way that the face could have been created was either by storm or already the physical feature that had been on it for centuries. the storm could have done it by the gusty winds and sand building up, or the gusty winds revieling the face. we havent descovered any aliens on mars yet so we had to eliminate an option. the only way that we could conclude if the aliens did build it is see a real alien on mars. that is what we the scientist have concluded about the creation of the face on mars.