in todays society, most people believe that having a car is essential to everyday tasks. in their definition, everyday task can range from going food shopping to going to work in the morning. some, on the other hand, consider everyday tasks to be checking in on friends just to showcase their new car. although that may or may not be the mindset of many, people fail to realize there are other ways of reaching from point a to point b, without harming the environment and its people. limiting car usage not only benefits the person who is using the car, but their community and environment. the use of a car isnt, at all, important in everyday use. instead of using a car, which helps build up the problem of air pollution, one can simply walk, take a bike or even use public transportation. just like bogota, several countries should participate in a carfree day. spreading awareness, that a car isnt always needed to move around an area, can help to benefit the people and the environment. as said in source , the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog, bringing awareness of more easy and effective public transportation,which can help to rid that particular country of the usage of cars. once participants of this carfree day understand the effects they are having upon the air pollution, they would be much more willing to help with this process just like businessman carlos arturo plaza, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. overall the usage of cars doesnt benefit the environment. sooner, rather than later, it is important that we realize this problem and fix it before its too late for our community. not only is the usage of a car terrible for our environment, it is also not needed as how it was. the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in , during this time, many vehicles were purchased with a high demand and were considered to be popular, although that isnt the case anymore. as years went past, the number of miles began to drop steadily. part of the explanation certainly lies in the recession, because cashstrapped americans could not afford new cars, that may be the case for some, but for others they didnt feel it was necessary to own one. in german suburbs, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway, providing this area with no need for a car. since everything was so near, a car was a waste of thought. if they did own cars, they would have to pay for both the car and a means of where to park the car. those expensies were usually ,, along with a home, much more money than a free walk to any of your local stores. with the hopes of limiting the usage of cars, comes the need for expanding vaubanlike suburbs. with that being said, according to the article, these suburbs need to be expanded not only in developed countries but also in the developing world, where emissions from an increasing number of private cars owned by the burgeoning middle class are chocking cities. to sum it up, the limiting of cars is becoming important in the development of the new world and the fixation of the old. as of now, cars consist of having no benefit for the environment and of certain communities. as days go on and more people become aware of the means of public transportation, hopefully there wont need to be any cars. to take action in this plan, more vaubanlike suburbs need to be put in place to give off the same react. although some people understand the full effect of a car on the environment, it is critial that nearly every person understands. cars, as of todays age, arent benefiting the public as how they used to.