since the first automobile was created, the car has been improved very much, and with it, its technology. they have been so far advanced that driverless cars are now becoming a possibility. driverless cars would be better than traditionally driven cars in several ways. they would be, overall, more convenient. however, in the technological stage at which we are now in, driverless cars would not be completely safe. the technology at our disposal has come a long way, but to be completely safe, we need more it needs to be much more advanced. much of the technology needed for driverless cars has already been created. the text states, tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. most of what is needed is available now, but safety is the biggest concern with these smarter cars. if driverless cars are created, they need to be able to be  percent safe. if there are any flaws, no matter how insignificant they may be, accidents could occur, and lives could be lost. for these cars to be completely driverless, they need to be able to safely operate without the need for attention from the passengers. the text also states, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. if the passenger was not paying attention at the right time, an accident could easily occur. the passage also suggests forms of entertainment to occupy the passengers while the car is doing the driving. on the subject of entertainment, the text states, some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. these forms of entertainment would keep the passengers from being bored, but it would prevent them from being able to quickly take control when it is needed. the lives of the passengers are much more important than their boredom. if cars can safely become completely driverless, these entertainment options could be considered. driverless cars would be very convenient for anyone who drives. for example, if a man was on his way home after a long day of work, he could be sleepy. a driverless car could get the man home safely without needing the him to remain focused on the road. these smarter cars could prevent accidents, too. with all the sensors on them, the car would stop faster than a human might. people get distracted, but the driverless car never would. however, the driverless cars that are avalable today sometimes require the attention of the passenger, who could be distracted. if that passenger was distracted, the result could be deadly. the concept of a driverless car is a very good one with several benefits. but right now, the technology needed for this has not been created we are thinking ahead of our time. when technology has sufficiently advanced, driverless cars could become a reality. but until that time, the dreams of having a car that can drive itself must remain dreams.