luke wanted to join the seagoing cowboys program because he knew it would be an opportunity of a lifetime. when luke went he would be helping horses, young cows, and mules being shipped over seas to a new locatation he had to help gather suplies, animals and many other things supplies to help out things that had gone wrong also  nations joined together to help them out. in one of lukes trips there had been more then  plus enough hay to feed all of them. by time luke had turned  he had arrived in greece which meant he could go into the military service. when luke had been discharged he had maken more then nine trips, that is the most any seagoing cowboy has ever gone in this service. it took the seagoing cowboys two weeks to cross the alantic ocean from the united states, and on top of it took them a month to get to china. when luke was younger he used to help out on his aunt katies farm, this helped him to learn his hardworking skills but never trained him for the dangers at sea. he had decided that helping out in the seagoing cowboys and all of the animals, and food services was worth all the help that him and his pals had given. it was real rainy one night after making his hourly check up on the horses to report to the captain when he had slipped down a slippery ladder ship cracking some of his ribs so then he couldnt do his job for a couple of days. luke also had a lot of fun on board with all of his friends. when the animals had been unloaded they played baseball, volleyball, fencing, table tennis and a lot more sports and game. luke said that being a seagoing cowboy was way much more then an adventure he had opened up the world for luke. he was very grateful for his jouney, it mad him more aware of the other countries and there needs. luke had learned everything from helping out animals to teamwork. luke thought seen that helping other countries is fun but you do have to learn teamwork and much more. when he had broken some of his ribs he had to stop working his job for a while. when he got back on the job he was feeling very happy for what he had just accomplished for the world.