the driverless car is a great invention for the public and offers a whole new perspective on driving. most might believe the dangers of this vehicle but overall the positives outweigh the negatives. google has had an independently running vehicle for years and the technology has only gotten better and the idea of this car would cut emmisions and crashes around the world. the vehicle also alerts the driver if there is a accident or road work that requires human skill. in , bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. the car still drives itself but makes sure the dirver still has their hands firmly on the wheel. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicles in danger and the google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. other options under consideration are flashinglights on the windshield and other headsup displays on vehicles. some companies consider using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. some might suggest that why would you want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive? some manufacturers hope to bring in car entertainment systems that use headsup display. these displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over. in this sense the entertainment system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern. most laws focus on keeping drivers safe and away from harm. lawmakers know that safety is achieved with alert drivers. because of this fact in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. california and a few other states are leading the country in allowing limited use of these vehicles. most believe that other states will follow as it is proved more reliably safe. manufacturers continue their work assuming that problems ahead will be resolved. tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving  percent of the time. other companies plan to have driverless cars by  but we get closer and closer to driverless cars every day.