transportation by a vehicle like a car is very common these days. its an efficient way to travel for the most part, and has been used as an option for traveling since the early s. although cars have many upsides, they also have downsides too. by limiting car usage in more places, there could be many advantages. first, it could improve safety. also, it will conserve resources. and lastly, limiting car usage will allow a tremendous decrease in pollution. limiting car usage will improve safety in a number of ways. by limiting car usage, there will most likely be a decrease in deaths since many car accidents result in fatality. it is not only cars colliding with other cars that is the issue it is cars having the power to destroy most things it comes in contact with. cars are not toys but rather death machines. they have the ability to cause major damage which is why if limited usage is enforced, there will most likely be less accidents resulting in majorminor injuries or even death. there are many options for getting around besides using a car. for example, there are electric scooters, mopeds, skateboards, rollerskates, bicycles, and even good oldfashioned walking. while some of these could potentially be dangerous, they are probably not as dangerous as driving a car. another reason limiting car usage could be beneficial is the conservation of resources. cars are heavy machinery and need an abundance of fuel to keep them going for years and years. what powers most vehicles currently is fossil fuel. fossil fuel is not an everlasting resource and will be gone someday. now there are some cars that run on electricity, but for the most part, cars around the world run on fossil fuel. considering that there are about one to two cars per household nowadays, that would mean both cars are probably getting filled with gas or even being charged with electricity which could run your electricity bill through the roof. since this applies to most people around the world, think of the resources being used daily. this usage of resources could be lessened by just limiting the usage of cars. the last benefit of limiting car usage is less air pollution. cars run on fossil fuel, as i stated in the previous paragraph. when a car is being driven, that fuel exits the car in a gas state. this gas form of fuel is very harmful to the environment. with so many cars on the road today, the atmosphere is already polluted a great deal. usually you will see signs that read no idling outside of a store or any public area where cars are allowed which means that when you are parked, and are going to be parked for an extended period of time, you should turn your car off so that it does not let out gas. in paris, a partial driving ban was actually enforced so that the amount of smog in the air would decrease. that is how much the usage of cars can affect an environment. overall, setting a limitation on car usage in more places can have benefits. it could improve safety, conserve resources, and allow for less pollution to the environment. with these reasons, i dont see many reasons for people to frown upon this idea.