travel, exploration, and new destinations are all things that have lead to mankind creating new ways to get from where they were to where they wanted to be. we have made some fantastic tecnologies in our desire to move more quickly and extensively. not many could have dreampt of a day when mankind could ship large cargo from mexico to greece, fly large planes full of people across the atlantic, or even what seems so common today, drive in comfort from state to state in short ammounts of time. we enjoy the ability to drive so easily from place to place that almost every single american family owns at least one car, but there in lies a problem. seince the big boom of industrial car manufacturing in the early twenteith century americas use of the vehicle has spread from transportation of the high class, to a tool of public transportation, construction, delivery, and overall everyday use. this relationship between man and machine has been a part of our scociety for so long it is practically a part of our lives, but this relationship has taken a toll on the world it was brought into in the form of polution. the basic way an automobile functions is by putting fuel into the system to run the engine and then emmiting that fuel as a gas biproduct, and with such the wide spread use we have of these machines, the ammount of gas biproduct has realy built up. harmful chemicals in these gas emissions from our automobiles have provided the second largest source of our emissions with only power plants contributing more to the polution of the environment. there are however some easy ways we could help fix this problem. in other parts of the world this effect is being felt, such as beijing, china, which is facing a huge problem with polution smog, and certian places have decided to make a change by limiting car use. this limitation of car use can be done in many different ways, and has helped curb a smog problem that arose in paris. other places have done this by means of carfree neighborhoods in germany, or a carfree day in columbia, and the reaction has been most positive. these ideas of change for a clean future are helping communities in different parts of the world, so whose to say we cant do it too? we should contribute to the healing of our environment before its too late for the choise. this oppurtunity for change is not one we should let slip by, and it could be a refreshing, enjoyable change. lets not sit down and watch as our environment becomes a smogridden disaster, lets get up, walk around, and help heal the world.