when it comes to automobiles they can provide us with numerous benefits. however, it would appear that limiting car use has far more advantages than thought of before it can help the enviorment, provide easier means of commuting, and it can cut down on traffic congestion. to begin, it would appear as though that limited car usage is a enviorment saving technique. for instance, within the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, it states of the exsistence of a small suburban city names vauban, germany that has nearly obsoleted the use of automobiles. within the fifth paragraph of the article they talk of why it is so necessary for this to become a trend,automobiles are the linchpin of subarbs... and that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes...passanger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe.... this bit of information informs those that drive of the harmful effects that our cars are creating upon the enviorment. however, if we are to limit our uses of cars, and like the residents of vauban, and find alternative means of transportation then maybe we can reduce the amount of greenhouse gases that are being given off by cars. similarly, paris has taken up a similar idea. in robert duffers article, paris bans driving due to smog he talks of the percautions that france has taken to driving and why. paris has created a ban so that those who have a liscense plate that begins with an even number cannot drive on a certain day, and the next day those who have a liscense plate that starts with an odd number cannot drive. this all began because, ...after fivedays of intensifying smog... the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world.paragraph . pariss efforts to create less smog was a success and they now implement the ban on mondays and tuesdays. due to less drivers, they were even able to reduce the amount of smog polluting the air. limited and restrictive usage on cars seems to be very helpful when saving the enviorment. next, the near obsolete use of cars has made for easier modes of transportation. for example, in elisabeth rosenthals passage  in german suburb, life goes on without cars she tells of the many benifits that limited car use have upon their community. in paragraph six she states that suburbs are beginning to be,...more compact and more accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking. in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. this meaning that there will be more of an ease when traveling and everything being closer together. no longer will people have to drive miles away for some groceries, they will simply either walk or ride the bus to their destination. they will no longer be stressed as to what time they have left to reach a store that is a distance away. along the same lines, soemtimes it can be easier to not drive at all. in the article the end of car culture the author, elisabeth rosenthal, states how many people have found diffrent means of getting to where they are going. in paragraph thirtyseven she says, new yorks new bikesharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities.... from the information given, it appears as though finding easier means of transportation have become a new popular trend. since prices to travel by car are soaring, the cheapier solution appears to just be walking, or as stated, riding a bike. leading people to belive that the near extinction of car usage has left us with easier means of travel. lastly, choosing to not use cars more frequently has left us with less traffic. in andrew selskys carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota he talks about the reasoing for this. ...millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams.paragraph . due to the enviormentaly safe means of travel, traffic has become a thing of the past. this can also mean for the residents, a faster, safer way of traveling if they take a taxi or bus to their destination. even bill ford, executive chairman of the ford motor company had input to this. elisabeth rosenthal was able to incorporate a statement into her article the end of car culture when on the subject of the decline in car usage. mr. ford had to say that, ...pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety. paragraph . this statement can inform the general population that from the drop in cars on the road, it can improve our safety and save time because of the fewer motorist on the road. that traffic is nearing an end which can be a new age in which traffic is gone. which is why, when people choose not to use cars it can help to reduce traffic. in conclusion, when it comes to automobiles they can provide us with numerous benefits. however, it would appear that limiting car use has far more advantages than thought of before it can help the enviorment, provide easier means of traveling, and it can reduce traffic.