the author supports the idea of studying venus by stating the facts so far known about the planet and explaining what scientists and reaserches will do with them. supporting this in paragraph  the author explains what the planet is like. the atmosphere is  percent carbon dioxide, the temperature on the surface of venus being over  degrees fahernheit, and the atmospheric preasure being  times greater than earths. with those facts the author then states from the same paragraph an idea for a machine that could be used to get above venus surface, but still able to be within its atmosphere. from the text the author say imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  miles or so above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way.... when the author counters that arguement by stating however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limiting insight on ground conditions because most forms of light can not penetrate the dense atmosphere.... the author then rebutls this by saying how researchers are finding out ways to make machines that can survive long enough on the surface of the planet, and they have also looked back at the machanical computures used in the s during world war ii. by looking at these ideas for solutions to the problem, being no human being able to get close enough to the surface without dying, scientists and researchers are coming up with different and new ways to aproach the planet and study venus. the author also explains how silicon carbide could withstand the intense preasure that venus has, which in turn could help the exploration and study of the evening star planet. the author uses the facts theyve receved to give an idea of what the planet is like, and then explains what scientists and researchers are doing with that knowledge to create a device, or devices, that could get within the atmosphere, land, and survive oon the planet long enough to study venus.