i believe that depending on how the driverless cars are made, this could be an amazing achievement of technology. it seems that all or most accidents involve another person, plus the fault of the person that is driving. the drivers seem to be the problem of careless driving, which causes many wrecks, deaths, and insurance bills. plus, the gas and pollution in the air is awful due to the use of so many cars. driverless cars could be the answer to all of this. a big problem in our world today is pollution in the air. trucks, cars, and taxis are the main factor in that because of the gas used. according to paragraph one, driverless taxis will help us to use less gas, and less gas means less pollution. most people dont realize how much public transport is used everyday. public tranport is even used in the smallest towns to help others get where they need to be. so, with less gas used in things like taxis and public transport, the air will be cleaner and the ecosystem will be less damaged. another big problem is the fact that so many people are dying in car accidents everyday. most of these accidents come from drunk drivers, or people who are just not paying attention. in paragraphs four it talks about how the driverless car was made to mimic the skills of human drivers. this paragraph also states that the car will be covered in sensors in order to prevent accidents. in paragraph seven it states that in the past a car was made where the driver had to stay alert in case it needed to be taken over. this paragraph also states that while the driver watched the road, the car watched the driver. this would also lead to less accidents. now a days we also find people falling asleep at the wheel, or people becoming bored of driving during long periods of time. driverless cars could also help with that. according to paragraph eight, drivers could potentially get tired of waiting to drive in driverless cars, which would mean theyd fall alseep. in case of an emergency they would need to be awake in order to take over. this seems like it would be no problem because these driverless cars would be set up with displays that would show you something interesting, then turn off if you needed to take the wheel. this is something that can keep you awake on the road, while also keeping you safe. this car is one of the many steps in the right direction people can take in order to have a safer future. the fact that the car has sensors that tells it where everything around it is positioned, is an amazing safty precaution. it is also great that there will be less pollution due to this new innovation. another amazing achievement is how the kids and adults will be entertained, while staying alert for an emergency. all of these reasons sounds like a great idea to continue the research into driverless cars.