as seen in paragraph  it says how venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size,but it also says that there were attempts to launch unmanned aircraft onto the planet and non of them lasted a few hours which is why there hasnt been an aircraft actually to land on venus. paragraph  shows a little taste of how dangerous venus is but it is enticing to learn more about the planet itself. in paragraph  it explains how venuss atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide, and the clouds are highly corrosive with temperatures reaching more than  degrees fahrenheit. these are even more reasons on why it is dangerous but yet you would wanna know more about it. the reason why scientists wanna know more about the planet even though it is dangerous is because in paragraph  it says that astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. which is another reason why scientists wanna know more about venus and what it has in store. the planet seems to be a very cool place to live without all the set backs with the atmosphere and the corrosive clouds. the scientists of nasa have an idea on how to send a manned vehicle to venus without getting into all the dangerous areas by putting a blimp like air vehicle hovering  miles above all of the bad and dangerous chemicals and heat. the reason it would be a very good thing to study on is because of it being similar to earth in many ways. one reason why is said in paragraph  in which it states  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. which i do agree on this being a good cause because not only do we get knowledge but we get more into it which is a dangerous route but it is for the good of man and how not only will we be able to put man on venus one day but to be able to further our own civilitation. another dangerous part about the exploration is that we go back to the part where it says no aircraft has ever been able to withstand only a few hours of the planets atmosphere,but as it says in paragraph  they are making a vehicle that can survey and gain knowledge on the planet instead of sending a vehicle on the planet. scientists will be able to gain the knowledge on how to produce a product for nasa that can both withstand the harsh heat and atmosphere but move on the planet like a rover.