that venus is like a sister or most likely like a twin.  venus is actually a planet. in our solar system, venus is the second planet from our sun.   prg. .  often referred to as earths  twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too.earth, venus and mars, our other planetary neighbor, obit the sun at different speeds.  pr. . thats one of the reason they call say it one of the earths twin. humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on cloud drapped worlds to make a mission there. it also explains how  a thick atmosphere of amlost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challening are the clouds of highly corrosive suifuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures averge over  degrees fahrenheit, and the armoshperic pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditins are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to driving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solor system, even though mercury is closer to our sun beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additionals impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to lans on its surface.  prg. . explains why it could be dangress like the weath for us, but  venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given long time frames of space travel.  prg.  .  nasas possible solution to the conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float aboove the fray.  prg.  but such as this solution nasa can come up with more other ones only takes time to make sure we actually can be in venus.  however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard froms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock,gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks.  prg. . but other than that venus has value , not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because humans curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimindating endeavors.  prg. .