smart cars are shown to be the new thing in the future. but, are smart cars really that necessary? they can malfunction and end up worse than your dreams. even though these cars are being tested and upgraded, they can always have a fail. i am against the development of these cars because they could be a huge danger to the world, this will only make people more lazy, and people could get distracted and not pay attention to the roads. these cars could be a danger to our world. they not only could put humans in danger, they could be a danger to pets as well. no matter how well the technology could be, there is no garuntee that there wont be a malfunction. they can upgrade the technology as much as they want, but nothing can garuntee the safety of humanity. there are many things that can go wrong. the possibility is high and the list of bad things is long. its best not to risk lives and just stop manufacturing smart cars. these cars can be far more dangerous to the world. making an advance in technology will only make people more lazy. they will become less interested in the staying active by wanting more advanced technology. its not bad to have great technology and use it for amazing things. but taking advantage of it can make it dangerous. people can request to use this technology for their good. but is it really for their good if they are wanting it for chairs that can move them to where ever they want to? soon there will be escalators everywhere, replacing every stair case there is. we shouldnt let this happen to our world. soon we will end up lazy and fat like the people from walle. they took advantage of their technology therefore, thats something we shouldnt do. we should stop making these advancing, and stop making humanity lazy and worse. these cars will make people get distracted and not pay attention to the roads. since the car will be driving, people will decide to relax and pay no attention to where they are going. this can cause many accidents to occur. in the article it talks about how they will install vibrating seats so that when the cars approach a working zone, the driver can instantly take over the car. will that really work? lets say someone is running late, they are tired and didnt get enough sleep, so they decide to take a nap on their way to work. they could have an accident for not paying attention and falling asleep. not only that, there are many ignorants in this world. people will also get distracted on their cell phones and ignore the alerts they are receiving. that isnt the only problem, the seats could malfunction and cause the alerts not be sent to the driver. people will not only get distracted, the alerts may not be sent on time. this can be stopped before it makes people lazy. smart cars shouldnt be used nowhere in this world. its not safe for anybody because other than being dangerous, there are ignorant people who can buy these cars. these ignorant people are irresposible and shouldnt even own one. it could also be put in the wrong hands, making this world less safe. i am against the development of these cars becuase they could be a danger to the world, this will only make people more lazy, and people could get distracted and not oay attention to the road.