believe it or not cars are getting old. its not like miami or newyork that you see a car driving everywhen to differrent ways. in some of these cities they feel comfortable without using cars. most of the cities are baned due to the polution the air has,in the other hard countries are using other kinds of transportation to get around. now just using ur car and driving just can lieve you without money in ur pocket. let me just explain the advantages of limites car usage. people around are just comfortable. they are living their lives without using their cars and they are happy. like in germany, vauban they are completely  car free  in the passage it explains that there are only two places people at vauban can park in a large garage where the car owner buys the space fo ,. thats just exxagerative, as a result only  percent of vaubans families dont own cars. heidrun walter says  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way . life just goes on without cars. there is no doubt paris that has the most cars are actually not allowing people to drive their cars. like it said in the report paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear off the global city, therefore if they use their car during they are banned they have pay the fine of euro   .it is better to lieve ur cars at home than get a fine,i tell you that. since the air is poluted, therefore using cars brings more polution. just banning cars forever should bet for the best. now adays people are using other transportation to get around without using cars. in the country bogota they banned the cars to only have buses and taxis for the people to get around. bogota have a goal to promote alternative transportation. they want the people to participate in giving money to their country. the mayor of bogota antansas mockus excitedly says the rain hasnt stopped people from participating. it is great that people dont have to depend on cars anymore. they have another way to get around, especially the healthy way like riding a bike, or skating. who wants to ride a car anymore. its just too expensice. lieves people broke, without even a penny in their pocket. people have other things to pay like their bills. cars are just a distraction. gas prices are just shooting up like a rocket,in the other hand still have to pay the cars insurance, and all that. people can afford a car anymore. in conclusion, not people are living their lives without cars. cars are banned due to the polution in the air. other people are having another way to get around with out using cars, and its just less expensive. people dont have to worry about cars anymore.