imagine being on a plaet so hot that metal would melt just from the touch of it. imagine being on a planet that has  times the atmospheric pressure of the earth. now imagine being on it. you would think that its imppossible and that its too risky. well, thats only half true because scientist have now started studying on how to explore this planet. theyve even gone as far as thinking of ways to allow humans to go there and study the planet themselves. a planet where metal melts by the touch and where submarines built to go to the deepest part of the ocean would get crushed, is it worth it? you may ask. well in the short article the challenge of exploring venus the author states that it may be worth it. in the last paragraph line , he states striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this statement is basically saying that we will be on our way to even more discoveries if we manage to study venus. other reasons why it may be worth it to study venus is that, there may have been life on it before earth! it has similar features that the earth has like rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. scientist believe that venus long ago couldve had oceans just like the earth. this planet couldve been home to various life forms just like the earth. scientist from nasa have also discovered that if we were to ever launch humans into space to go study the planet, there would be a safe way for them to study it as stated in paragraph , imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles aboce the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. this means that humans could study the planet but away from the burning heat of the ground on venus and the storms. although, exploring venus has its challenges and its dangers. exploring this planet would work in the benefit of the earth that we live on. not only will it allows us to find ways to travel to other planets but to also travel safely. as the author of the challenge of exploring venus. said human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. exploring this planet will prepare the human race for future endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.