venus is a planet that is called sometimes evening star.the planet venus is called the twin of earth because  closest planet to earth in terms of density and size ,occasionally the closest in distance too. as said in paragraph  .nasa is trying to explore venus but, venus has a thick atmosphere about  percent carbon dioxide which covers venus. trying to persuit of studying venus is dangerous but it is worthy to perusite the study of it. nasa  the national aeronautics and space administration is currently studying to send humans to study venus as said in paragraph . the author supports this idea of studying venus and he makes a lot of really great reasons why. some include that  jet airplanes trael at a higher altitude to fly over many storms in paragraph . this would not be a bad idea but, this could not happen if they are not able to reasearch. another reason why it is worth pursuiting even though it is dangerous is that nasa is not only sticking to one idea to explore venus nasa is looking into more approaches, safer approaches like simplifying electronics made of silicon carbide. these approaches has been tested in a chamber simulating the choas of venuss surface. have lasted for three weeks in such conditons paragraph . nasa got these ideas from looking back to old technology called mechanical computers. in the s is when there were first envisioned. my overall claim is that nasa has the potential to explore it just takes time. sooner or later venus will be explored i say this because  many researchers are working on innovations that allow our machines to ast long enought to contribute meaningfully to our knowlege of venus paragraph . this statement supports my thought of nasa being able to research venus soon or later.  scientist seeking tto conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the riskparagraph . finally, another reason it worth studying is  long ago, venus was probably covered larely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth paragraph . in conclusion, venus is worthy to pursuit despite its dangers it presents. our travels on earth and beyonf should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be exapanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation paragraph . these are the reasons why venus is worth exploring.