in this first passage called in german suburb, life goes on with out cars by elisabeth rosenthal. this story explains the life in germany without cars. in this upscale community it cost , dollars to keep a car inside the parking garage plus you have to pay for a house. over  percent of families dont have cars and  percent of families sold there car to life there , stated in paragraph  . a big advantage to having no cars is theres more clearer air around you since cars give off carbon dixide which is toxic and also everyone spends more time outdoors and gets more execrise. in paragraph  mr. walter states  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. in the secind passage called paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer. this story explains how people in paris were effected when driving was banned. on a monday motorist or driviers were told to leave there vehicles at home due to smog or theyll have to pay a euro fine  dollars in america and almost , drivers were fined. paris has near record pollution which made them ban drivng for the global air in the city.  percent of cars in paris are diesel fuel which really pollutes the air and creating alot of smog compared to  percent in other parts of europe. in the third story called carfree day is spinnimg into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky this story explains the day every year that they ban cars. bogota, colombia, home to over  million people every year for the past  years they only allow transportation by bus or by taxis. people found driving that day will be fined with  dollars. there goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. in paragraph  carlos states  its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. the final story called  the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal. this story talks about making a change in the united states. presindent obamas ambitious goal is to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions stated in paragraph . the united states was the birth place of fords model t and the detroit car shows anf its one of the worlds prime car cultures. in paragraph  studies have shown that driving by young people has decreased by  percent between  and .