the author in the passage the challenge of exploring venus is talking about how he enjoys learning new things about venus even though they never stepped foot on it, he enjoys the risk. the author claims that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers because it is so much like earth, they call venus earths twin and the evening star. the author talks about how venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, but it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. astronomers are fasinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system.since venus is so close to earth its easier to see what is going on there. as the author said in the passage beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additonal impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface, the author also says venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the author is talking about how nasa has an idea to send humans to study venus. the only way they could get any close to venuss surface is if they float above the fray. a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out their way. in other words means if they dont get anywhere near venus ground nothing would happen to them. the author stated that anywhere near  or more miles above surface temperatures would still be very hot up to  degrees fehrenheit. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. its is so hot in venus that taking pictures is very difficult because the light cannot take the horrible hot atmosphere. the author is also talking about how researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything, from a distance. probably since its not in the same atmosphere it could change or disappear if its not kept in the heat. the author is talking about how they are making up new technology that will survive for a long time in venus so they could learn new things and discover other things about venus. in conclusion, the author said that humans shouldnt be intimidated because of the dangers on venus and other planets, that should push them to want to try new things and discover more than they thought.