the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit beause it is near the earth and orbits near the sun like earth. but tthey think its still dangerous to think about having a human visit venus. the text states,  each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explainswhy not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than  decades. this explains that it can be dangerous in venus if these spacecrafts cant be found down in venus. there is more to how venus can be dangerous to a human. since venus is closer to the sun, the high temperature it is which makes a human less chance to survive in the heat. the text states,  the planets surface, temperature average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  time greater than what we experience on our own planet. also in venus there is gases that if a human lands at, it wouldnt be safe and harder for them to breathe. the text states that since the atmosphere in venus is so thick,  percent carbron dioxide blankets are in venus. the text states, even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. which make that harder for someone to breath in venus. nasa is working on how to study more about venus taking taking risky challenges. the text states, some simplifed electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos off venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condition. this shows how nasa tests to investigate more about venus. venus is a planet to lose to the sun that a human can sufficate from the heat and too much carbon dioxide. these researchers are working hard either making spacecraft or some other things so they can send to venus and investigate more positive things about the planet. the researchers are so curious about finding miners and others things that can be useful or used as a display or they want to see if a human is able to live in venus safely. this all states why researchers are so curious about the planet venus.