can technology really sense emotion? can your computer tell if youre happy or sad? these are some of the questions that facial action coding system is attempting to answer. using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is vaulable. it can be used to keep students engaged, active and eager to learn. adjusting a learning program to what a student finds appealing will help them have a positive connotation with learning. using programs like the facial action coding system to read students emotional expressions is a very vaulable tool. it can help keep students engaged and active. in todays schools, it doesnt even come as a suprise when you hear that a student fell asleep in class. students who are not engaged in a learning activity tend to fall asleep or do something that is nonproductive. this causes them to miss out on a possibly important lesson. in paragraph six dr. huang notes most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. using a computer to detect when a student is becoming bored is a vaulable tool because it can change the lesson, prevent the student from loosing interest and missing out on a lesson. with a program able to identify when a student becomes bored or uninterested, more students will stay on task and become engaged in the lesson. in modern schools, technology is being intergrated at an incresing rate. at fishers high school every student is required to have a learning device such as a laptop or ipad. more classes are beginning to take teaching online. without having a real instructor, students can easily become bored or distracted. in paragraph six, dr. huang is quoted saying then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. dr. huang is referring to the facial action coding system being able to detect student emotion to gear the lesson towards what is more appealing to them. this is a vaulable tool because it will help students become more engaged with what their are learning. the use of facial action coding system to read emotions can be a vaulable tool in a classroom. it can help students stay focus and on task. having a program that can change the lesson to keep students involved and alert will make them more unlikely to fall asleep or become distracted. this emotion detecting technology has potential to revolutionize online teaching.