in the article making mona lisa simile the author describes how a new technology called the facial action coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. first, the author in the story making mona lisa smile is telling us that a dr. huang is making a computer that shows emotional. it says that the computer has the ability to see how happy you are and sad and angry and all the emtionals in side your body all at once. it says that dr. huang was working with dr. paul eckman the creator of the facs facial action coding system. it says they both were working on a computer that could see the emitionals of other people. second, in the article making mona lisa smile it talks about how they would process the computers d constructs. it said in the artice that the human had  major muscles and it said in the midel must move like human muscles to see how they feel or react to this. it says that dr. huang relies on the work of psychologist,. it said that the two doctors had classified six basic emotions and that is happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facual muscles. it says for example your frontails pars lateralis muscke above your eyes raises your eyebrows when your surpised your orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger. third, it is talking about how the muscles of the  major muscles react to the emitions in the article of making mona lisa simle,. it says that dr. huang observes that artist such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convery specific emotions. it says that dr. huangs emotion algorithns are a different soft of da vinci code! it aslo says that the new computer software stores siilar anatomical information as electronic code. it says that dr. huangs computer might have found out how computers can see how your feelings are. in conclusion, this story about making mona lisa smile, is trying to discuss that you can tell peoples feelings on a computer by getting an electroinc code. this story is also taling about how da vinci was a artist that studyed emitional feelings with people that want a picuture of how they felt feelings. it said that the two doctors figured out that most artist study people for there feelings and to show how they felt about it. the studys show that you can see how a person feels on the computer by a code that goes their electric.