in the most recent years, people have invented things that they have been planning for years. this article explains how the new system, the facial action coding system, can read a persons emotions by only looking at the muscle movement of the face. this system can not only read one emotion of a person, but read all of their emotions. this will also be a way to know if someone has a real or false smile on. lastly, it will be able to detect if a student is confused about a lesson in their class. with all of this information and the new technology that has been introduced to the world, this system might be able to accurately read somones emotions. the facial action coding system facs is a system created by doctor paul eckman that can detect a persons emotions. in the painting of mona lisa by leonardo da vinci, eckman has found out that mona lisa is portraying six emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, and fear. these six emotions could probably not have been detected by a person looking at another person. this system is very modern and with all of the new technology that is in our world, the facs could be accurate. most people are not capable of sensing how a person feels. there are times when people have the biggest smile on their face, but they are hiding the fact that they are sad and broken on the inside. hopefully this new invention will help doctors and psychiatrists with their blankfaced patients. according to this article, the system will be able to tell if a person has a false or real smile on. this will be helpful especially during political debates. when one person is rallying against the other, one of them will be yelling at the other and the other will look like they are listening, but they are not. researches can differentiate between a real smile and a fake smile. if a person has a real smile on, their muscles at their cheek bones will lift the corners of the mouth. on the other hand, if the mouth is stretched sideways by the muscles by the cheek bones and another muscle, a person will have on a false smile. since the technology has developed greatly over the years, scientists might be able to create a system that will detect when a student is confused about a lesson. some students do not say anything when they do not understand what the teacher is teaching them. this system will help the teacher to know when one of their students is struggling in their class. also, it will allow the teacher to be notified when a student is bored or not paying attention. not only will it benefit the teachers, but the students as well. in conclusion, the facial action coding system will benefit many people. it will be able to read the emotions of people in paintings, people in general, students in class, and whether or not a person shows a real or false smile. this system will also help psychiatrists to know their patients state of emotion and hopefully treat them with the right solutions and advice. since new tecnologies are improved, this new system will be a big and famous invention.