i say we should keep the electoral collage. the founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress  election of the president by popular vote of qualified citizens. the electoral collage consists of  electors. a majority of  electoral votes is required to elect the president. under the rd amedment of the constitution, the district of columbia is allocated  electors  treated like a state for purposes of the electoral collage. but whats wrong w the electoral collage, under the electoral collage system, voters vote not for a president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. but in defense of the electoral collage  reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the persident. certainty of outcome a dispute over the outcome of an electoral collage vore is possibleit happend in but its less likey than a dispute over the popular vote. the reason is that the winning canidates share of the electoral collage invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. everyones president the electoral collage requires a presidental canidate to have transregional appeal. no regionsouth,northeast,etc. has enough electoral votes to elect a president. so a solid regional favorite, such as romney was in the south, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his pularity in states that he knows he will win. this is a desriable result because a canidate w only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president. swing states the winnertakeall method of awarding electoral votes induces the canidatesas we saw in s electionto focus thier campagin efforts on the tossup states....voters in tossup states are more likely to pay close attation to he campaginto really listen to the competing canidatesknowing that thet are going to decide the election. they are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average  for futher reason that thwy will have received the most information  attention from the canidates, and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election. big states the electoral collage restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states by population lose by virtue of the malappotionment of the senate decreed in the constituion....the popular vote was very close in florida in  nevertheless obama, who won that vote, got  electoral votes. a victory by rhe same margin in wyoming would net the winner only  electoral votes. so, other things be equal, a large state gets more attention from presidntial candidates in as campagin than small sate does.... avoid runoff elections the electoral collage avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate recives a majority of the votes casts. for example, nixon in   clinton in  bath had only  pularity of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral collage    electoral votes,respectively. there is pressure for runoff elections when no canidate wins a majority of the votes casts that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by electoral collage, which invariably produces a clear winner....it can be argued that the electoral collage method of selecting the presindent may turn off potential voters voters for a canidate who has no hope for carrying their statedemocrats in texas,for example,or republicans in california. knowing thier vote will have no effect,they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote. but thats why i believe we should stay w the electoral collage because we have used this method for so long  yes there were a few hiccups here  there but not every system we use is perfect  for how long weve bee using this one i say why change now!?