something big is beginning. cars are starting to be a questionable need. of course we need them in some situations. but the sales of cars are declining. people are becoming more united as one. the way it should be. if we worked together, we could accomplish many things. but besides that, cars give off emission that gets trapped in our atmosphere. we need to conserve the ozone layer. without it, skin cancer is sure to hit hard with the uv rays beating down on us. i believe that cars are becoming outdated. we still need them, but do we really need so many? so many giving off harmful gases and destroying our home? the smog must be clouding our perception of things because we arent thinking straight. were destroying our planet because of money. i get off topic because the truth is here and this essay is a way to spread the truth. united as one. we can do anything. were all equal. nobody is better than anyone else. no country is better than any other. anyones beliefs do not overpower anyone elses. so yeah, cars arent so bad, but theyre not all that good either. we drive past others every day not wondering where theyre going. dont you want to know what youre doing? yes. you! were all the same person. great minds think alike huh? well...shouldnt we address the real problem then? money is a piece of paper. material. why do we need it. we pay for food and water. the things we need to survive. i can understand why we do. but what if we worked manually for a good cause then got payed in food and supplies for that? it could work. we dont aknowledge eachother. its like were scared of eachother. i dont why. were all animals trying to achieve happiness. we can do it. if people stop boxing in their beliefs and limit themselves. the mind once stretched to new ideas, will never return to its original dimensions. expand your mind. im not saying do drugs. just be more openminded as we all go home at the end of the day and wonder what everybody else is doing. how do they live? the same as you. our body is an extension to our soul and our mind is what puts energy out there. imagine this, your mind is a garden. your thoughts are seeds. decide what you want to grow and let it be put out into the physical world. i dont care what i make on this writing test because, maybe, just maybe my thoughts will be heard by someone who thinks the same. studies show, there is an increasing talk about something youd hear in a prophecy type of movie. indigo children are being born every day into this life the government has set up for us. these children have a keen learning ability and natural iq of . they wont like this new world we are forced to abide by. i, an indigo child, awoken by my own thoughts and the ignorance of this world, must say that through all the things going on out there. there is a change coming to balance out the world again. im about done with this because my hand is starting to cramp up. but how can a  year old who grew up in fort walton beach, fl, know all this? its a big world out there and theres a lot to see and i dont plan on leading a government based life. im going to live my life the way i want. money in my pocket or not. i advise you do the same, and find inner peace. meditate and be spiritual. not religionwise. you dont have a soul. you are a soul. you have a body. goodbye. and have a great day.