limiting car usage has many advantages. such as putting a lot less pollution in the air and having your stress level go down letting you spend time with your family and friends. when we put pollution in the air it ruins our beautiful ecosystem. when driving a car you have to stress about how much gas you have or you stress about if you are going over the speed limit. the first advantage to not having cars is we limit the amount of pollution in the air. did you know that in europe you cause up to twelve percent of its greenhouse gas, and in the us you cause up to fifty percent of that gas, that just goes in the air causing the air that we breath to become polluted. some ways to prevent this is to carpool with someone or just to walk there and not drive, you get to help the envirnment and you get your daily workout as well. some countries have taking the role of taxing anyone who wants to use a car. like in france, who has a tax policy that makes people choose diesel intead of regular gasoline. france has over sixtyseven percent of cars that run on diesel fuel. paris has banned the use of cars do to the huge amount of smog they are having. the second advantage for limiting the usage of cars is lowering your stress level and being able to spend time with family and friends. to help with this some countries have programs that provide people with bikes and other forms of transportation in order for people to get to work. when people dont drive cars and walk with their kids to drop them off at school then go to work it keeps the traffic and all the stress that comes with it down to an all time low. when summer time comes around teens can organize what they do and who they hang out with based on where they are and how far they want to walk to get there. so limiting the usage of cars has many significant advantages like less pollution and being able to spend time with family and friends while lowering your stress level. so before you get in your car and drive to wherever you are going just take a second and think, can i walk there instead.