the evolution of cars have mostly been focussed towards design and fuel efficientcy for many years, rather than a way to have a car that helps the driver drive. cars are a big part of many peoples lives so it would make sense to improve on the machine thats most people use daily. the safty of this technology may scare some people at first nomous but the car compnay will assure the safety of the consumers. this innovative technology may not be accepted at first, but many experts already projected a time when this will be seen as common. these cars can help with accedent prevention because the lidar tecnology can react quicker than humans can. another example of this car showing more safety is that it will stay to the regulate speed instead of going over it. not only does this work for safety but it can also be more efficient by going on the fastest route with its built in gps. although the benefits are there, people will continue to be scared of this technology. this technology was not possible in the past, so many people werent aware of it. this could be the reason why some are against the idea of autonomous cars. most people do not like change and this could be the reason why some are against this idea of a self driving car. even though some people are resistant to change at first, many time they will give in and in turn, like the change. people may be scared of deciding who is at fault for an accedent, but the technology malfunctioning is just unlikely. google has shown this by sending their own autonomous car that had gotton into only one accedent. that one accedent may sound scarey, but it wasnt the autonomous cars fault. human error is many times more likely than the technology failing and the law will insure that the companies include safety features with the car although this new idea may be frightening at first, many experts already project a time when this technology will be common. many people may not like this concept and many will simply not have it. having this available for public use does not mean that everyone has to get one of these cars, it is just better for people who do want them. once the safety measure are shown to be profficient enough, there will be no reason to not have this technology on the streets.