dear senator, im writting you a letter because i think that we should change to election by popular vote for the president of the united states than keeping the electoral college. the reason why i think that we should change to popular voting is because every one will be able to have a say in who becomes president. with the electoral college, if you want to vote for a certain president, you are actually voting for electors who are pledged to a certain candidate and would place a vote for the candidate they pledged to to make them president. the pont is, those electors can be bad people looking for power. besides, it wouldnt be a fair game if the electoral college did that. so in order to make it equal, i would like to switch to a popular vote election. but eiither way, a president is still chosen. the single best argument against the electorala college is what we might call the disaster factor. the american people should consider themselves lucky that the  fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century the system allows for much worse. consider the state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. back in , segregationists in the louisiana legislature nearly succceeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose john f. kennedy. so that popular vote for kennedy would not have actually gone to kennedy. in the same vein, faithless electors ahve occasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please. . . oh, and what if a state sends two slates of electors to congress? it happened in hawaii in . luckily, vice president richard nixon, who was presiding over the senate, validated only his opponents electors, but he made sure to do so without establishinga precedent. what if it happened again? excerpt from the indefendable electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses are wrong from mother jones by bradford plumer.