exploring venus might seem dangerous for some people, but others believe venus is a worthy puruit despite the dangers it presents. in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author supports the main idea of the article which is venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. there are many ways he supports his main idea, three in which are very interesting. first, venus has many earthlike features that might make it seem that life used to exist on venus. for example in paragraph , the author says, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. he also says, the planet has a surface of rocky sediments and includes familiar features such as vallys, mountains, and craters. this is important because we could find lots of information about living organisms on venus. these two quotes also help us understand why its important to explore venus no matter how dangerous it may seem. second, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. the researchers would have to get close to venus in order to get valuable information. in paragraph  the author says, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. or maybe we should think of them as challenges. this quote helps uderstand that in order to get valuable information of venus, we have to take risks and learn how to overcome challenges. if we graduly keep working on how to overcome challenges, we can infer that it might be easier to go to venus and get valuable information despite the risks. lastly, humans curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. paragraph  says, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this quote helps us understand that it is a worthy pursuit to explore venus despite the dangers because it is important for us to expand the very edges of immagination and innovation. although curiosity may lead to great challenges, it is important for us to overcome them. in conclusion, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. he also uses three supporting details. first, venus has many earthlike features that might make it seem that life used to exist on venus. second, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. lastly, humans curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. these three supporting details help us uderstand the reasoning of the author and what he believes.