in america, cars have been an integral part of our culture from the model t. ford to the mustang cars have cemented themselves into our mindset. but currrently cars are starting to cause a lot of problems to people such as car accidents, pollution, and just leaving areas to crowdy. one of the main problems that cars globally cause is smog emission which is caused by the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions and can cause difficulty in breathing, lung cancer and rampant air pollution. however, in other parts of the world people are limiting car usage to almost banning them all out completly in certain areas in order to be more environmentally freindly and reducing air pollution. by limiting car usage in america people can benefit from less pollution, a more positive community impact and alternative vehicles in place of cars. in north america, pollution has been a major problem for citizens in many ways. besides power plants, the second main source of pollution are cars, as they release harmful chemicals and gases like smog which can cause congestion and when too much and inhaled on a daily basis, can lead to lung cancer. by limiting car usage people can benefit more to the people for example in paris,france a partial driving ban was enforced in order to clear the air of smog after days of nearrecord pollution. by doing this congestion was brought down by  percent helping to majorly clear the air and make breathing better for people. in vauban, germany residents of the area have been called suburban pioneers due to gibving up their cars. by doing this people were able to be more happy and enjoy life more. for example, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, this aids the argument that by banning or limiting car usage people are able to be much calmer and benefit more. in bogota, colombia during carfree day for the first time two colombian cities joined bogota in this unique event. there more parks and sports centers for people were placed, the sidewalk were smoothe and more business and commercial areas were opened up for people. this further shows that pweople can benfit greatly without having cars. throughout the world wherever cars have been limited or banned there has always been one constant, new alternative transportation. in china in order to help reduce the absurd amount of smog and air pollution, chinese citizens resorted to using bikes leading to a drop in smog levels. by limiting cars and replacing them with alternative transportation people can be much safer from more dangerous situations, such as car acsidents hurting people, keeping dunk drivers away from the steering wheel, and being able to save more money from not buying a car. though some alternate vehicles are not fast enoguh for example bikes, this has been remedied in some areas by allowing free public transit from buses and taxi services. throughout all of these benfits people can benfit more greatly but thats not enough. in  during the mobile world congress in barcelona, spain, bill ford proposed a business plan in where partnering with the telecommunication industry to create cities where pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation trafic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety.the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal. through bright ideas like the advantages of limiting cars can be fully realized and brought to life in order to help and save more people from negative aftereffects. in america if people were to cut down on car use people could benefit from less pollution, a more positive community impact and alternative vehicles in place of cars.