as we get older we want to travel to more places and get there faster, what if their was a quicker way without using cars. certain places have been introducing a new concept, they calll themselves suburban pioneers. they live in places that have little or no cars, besides for the occassional bus, and all the stores that they would normally drive to are much closer now. their are many benificial points to this new way of life such as a dramatic drop in greenhouse gasses, a stress free way to live, and also who doesnt desire to save a buck or two. if people start to limit the usuage of cars this planet might actually become a safer more joyful place to live. in the past years greenhouse gasses have skyrocketed. the ozone layer is now trapping car exhaust fumes in earth and leading to what some might call global warming. summer becomes hotter and longer, vice versa with winter. the u.s alone is to blame for up to  percent of greenhouse gas emission. in europe its  percent which is still quite a grave deal. causes of not cutting back on the use of cars leads to tragic events such as the one that unfolded in paris. thier was so much smog in the air from motorized cars that for five days no one could start their cars unless they had a wish of paying a pricey fine. if people start to diminish the use of cars we can restore this humble planet to its former glory. forking out money for a car and having the luxory of fixing it up everytime a piece falls off or something malfunctions can become expensive quite rapidly. who doesnt crave to save money anyways? those who have chosen the suburban pioneer way of living have saved enormous enough of money. they dont have to pay for the insurance of the car and they dont have to pay to fix up the ole rust bucket. though some would rather have a car, but those who drive do the honors of car pulling which might not be the most time saving mechanism but in the long run it truely is beneficial. also the government gains from all this. the government pays to build highways and roads for your car, but if cars arent so common as time goes by roads get shorter and people start to get paid more because of all the money that the government is saving. though money cant make us happy is still is an important piece to own in life. in retrospect cars cause a lot of stress related problems. everyone has one of those days where they wake up late and then suddenly remember that they have to get across town in a few minutes. yes a car could get you there in less than no time, but wouldnt it be much simpler if you could just walk a closer distance. with the desecration of cars, stores and outlets would be much closer to your home. the stress of forgetting something at home and then having to drive  minutes to go get it would be diminished. families could have more interaction with each other which means a closer bond could be formed. receting the number of cars wouldnt be such an inhuman thing to do if you knew that the outcome was far more appealing. to sum up, limiting the number of cars that roamed this earth would be more of a gain than a loss. cars create hazardous gasses that are released into the air that are slowly but surely rendering us useless. cars also cause safety hazards that can lead to a stressful environment. plus if you dont use a car as often or get rid of it all together you can retain money for more important matters such as bills for your house or maybe a well deserved vacation. the posibilities are endless if we begin to limit the use of cars.