i am against this facial action coding system because how diffcult it will be for these teacher to put this modification in every school and computer. how long would it take for this project to happen, will it work, going through all this can be a problem, why would we need all this if we can ask one simple question to all the students are you ok? even if the school wants this we will need to take each of the students picture and modify it into a d computer model program as said in paragraph  we have  major face muscles which they will need to go into to that program and modify it. every kid has mixed emotions one day they can be happy one day they can be sad, angry, and or stressfull. this program can not improve or prove how us students are feeling, we would be happy and the computer program pops up with antidepression pills, computers are like us humans we mess up sometimes and we arent always right. like what i said we can ask the students directly without any expensive computer programs, with one little questions are you ok? are you doing fine? for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on hisher face. we wont be needing these d facial modifications, sometimes people can be smilling but deep inside they could be mad,sad, angry,glad. i dont think it matters about the face it matter about the heart, nobody can tell how youre feeling with just a face. if youre watching a sad movie and youre crying your happy but sad at the same time how can a computer program no that youre really not sad but happy. just be cause our muscles movement proves how we feel it can be impossible for this program to work in the future, it may sound like a good idea they can test but we have billions of people millions or schools how can this one program improve a school yes it shows and might help but how can it be possible.you can have  people in one room and have a computer look at there faces and see if they are mad,sad,or happy. they all will have a straight face, in my opinion  we as in humans can tell and sometimes not tell if heshe is happy or sad but computers cant tell either but one thing we can say in my previous sentence. ask are you ok? thats easy as that. in my statment, computer are advancing but they go farther where they learn humans constitics, it will be scary where we look into the webcam feeling happy and it tell us to go out side how ask why you are happy. being paranoid as we humans are we would report this to somebody we dont want to be messed around with, we just wanna be ourself and not want others to know how youre feeling, if where sad or even depressed we have friends and family to help us, why should a computer tell us how our friend is feeling and if they need help where we can do it ourselves. if computers are smarter than us how are we going to improve more. as i close my statement against the facial action coding system facs these computer will not help or even improve with our life style just go in a class and ask how everyone is doing and theres your answer.