have you ever thought about how the world would be if our cars drive for us? inventers are trying to make that happen but driverless cars come with a lot of prons and cons. it can be a good thing but also a very bad thing in some situations. driverless cars can help us a lot. such as if an person doesnt have legs but still want to get around and, doesnt always want to wait on someone to come get them. driverless help so they can start to move around on there own more often. another reason it can help is it takes half the fuel it does than the cars we have now. also its more flexibility than a bus, you dont have worry about missing the bus or loosing you bus pass. you just have to get in your own car and go and come as you please. the driverless car can go more than half a million miles with no crash. and the car alerts you when its needed, during heavy traffic or pulling our drive ways and, going in reverse and navigating through roadwork or accidents. driveless cars also has its cons and could hurt humas. when the driveless car alerts the person to take over what if they cant? what if the person doesnt has legs to take over the car, what are the supposed to do ? laws are written with the assumption that onlysafe car has a human driver in control at all times. technology messes up all the time. and that can occur during a person driving and can cause them to be injured or death. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault driver or the manufactuer? sometimes its hard to debat that question which is another reason why its hard to pass the law for driverless cars. driverless cars are going to make people think thats its okay to text while the car is driving , which takes there attention off the car. and it could be their time to take over they wouldnt know because they are texting. also with the driverless car gives people to much freedom in the car such as, to move around more or look back and do makeup , everything but pay attention. my position is that we should keep cars how they are now. i feel that if we made it this far with driving for ourselves our riding the bus why cant we just contuine? driverless cars are dangerous and just a waste. if a person doesnt want to drive than they have the opition of riding the bus or riding in a taxi. i feel that driverless cars is going to make the work even more lazy than we already are being told. have you took deep thought until how the world would be with driverless cars? driverless cars could be a big help in a lot of ways. driverless cars can be a hurt in a lot of ways.