the author of the article the challenge of exploring venus thinks that it is smart to pursue the study of the planet because it is close to earth, it would give us worthy information about its physical composition, and the plans being created to explore the planet are valid and reasonable. in the article, the writer shows us how closely earth and venus are related. the author uses evidence such as, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. this not only gives us a size comparison, but also a distance comparison between the two, causing us to want to study the planet too. also, the author also uses the fact, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system, which leads us to further our belief on how the planets are so similar. in addition to being closely related to earth, the author also believes that studying venus would give us valuable information on the planet, and what it has to offer. the author throws out examples like, samples of rock, gas, or anything else. even though the author is saying that getting these samples would be dificult to recieve from a distance, heshe is still using these examples as evidence to make us want to explore the surface of venus. finally, the author believes the plans that are being created to study venus are reasonable and valid. heshe uses the evidence, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. the author uses this to give us insight on one of the plans nasa is creating, and why it is worth investigating. in paragraph five, the author uses the comparison, imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms. this text is talking about how the shuttle nasa would use would be able to dodge some of the dangers of of the planet. the author believes that this could work, and thinks that it is a compelling reason to further our investigation on the planet venus. for the reasons that venus close to our planet, it would give us worthy information about its physical composition, and the plans being created to explore the planet are valid and reasonable, the author believes that exploring the surface of the planet venus is a worthy pursuit.