are you thinking about joining seagoing cowboys program? well great, because you really should join this program. this program is a once in a lifetime chance for some people, and i really think you should take it. when my friend don asked me i just couldnt say no. i was working in a grocerey store and a bank before don came and changed my life. the text states, he was working two parttime jobs in a grocery store and a bank when his friend don reist invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat. the text also states, luke couldnt say no. he knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime. it is a real adventure to tell the truth. you meet so many great people and help some just as great too. yes i know what you are thinking, but isnt in dangerous sometimes? well, yes, it can be very dangerous sometiem, but you have to take the risk. you only live once you know. like i almost died one night while going down a ladder. i slipped and was going straihgt for the opening side of the ship. then a piece of metal stopped me and i didnt plunge into the atlantic after all. even though i was alive i cracked a rib and has to sit out for a while. the text states, one rainy night, after making his hourly report to the captin, he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. the text also states, a small strip of etal along the edge stopped his slide, keeping him from flying overboard into the dark atlantic. you should also really join the seagoing cowboys program because you get to go to so many beautiful places and explore. it really is a beautiful sight in some places. like i remeber taking a tour while on my way to china. i also saw the acropolis in greece it was special. the text states, besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. but seeing the acropolis in greece was special. the text also states, luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. i loved being a seagoing cowboy it was special and i really think you should join becuase you get to see places, help people, meet people, and more. it was not just a adventure it also opened up the world for me. the text states, but being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the world to him. the text also states, im grateful for the opportunity. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs.