some of us couldnt imagine going to work without a car. well in some parts of the world, they are completely getting rid of cars. there are many advantages of not using cars all that much, some like, there would be a lot less smog and polluted air. peoples moods may change, and there are plenty of other ways of transportation. to start off, paris has had near record pollution. there has been times of five day intensifying smog. the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known to be one of the most polluted cities in the world. just imagine what that is doing to our ozone layer. cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. so if we stopped using cars for a while, maybe the smog around the world would start to clear up, and maybe if we stopped using cars for even longer we would be completely smogless. secondly, people would probably start to be in a better mood and feel happier. driving a car can be stressful and even sometimes intense. heidrun walter says when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. she walks the streets of vauban. the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional sound of a distant motor. lastly, there are so many different ways to get from place to place. in some colombian cities they have replaced pitted sidewalks so people can ride their bikes instead of drive. in bogota in the mids they began to make bike paths, to this day it has seen the construction of  miles of bicycle pathways. in new york there is a new bike sharing program that is skyrocketing. people needing to get to work can walk or take public transportation, they can even carpool with a friend or another family member. to conclude, laying off the use of cars could be a pretty good change to our environment, to us, and to other people and even our health. walking, riding a bicycle and riding on public transportation is woven into a connected network to save time, conserve our resources, lower the toxic emissions to the air, and to improve our safety and the worlds safety.