i believe you should keep electoral collage. the reasons you should keep electoral collage is because you should let the people who want to vote have the right to choose who they want. another reason is some of the people think that their votes dont count and the reason that they dont vote is because they dont think the precent will move up if they vote so most people dont vote but all they can do is at least try. electoral collage also helps you see how many people are actually voting for each person to be the president. you should keep electoral collage is because i think the people who want to vote should have the right to vote. i dont think people could get to tell you who you can and cant vote for. i think if you are eightteen years or older you should have the right to vote and no body has the right to tell you that you cant vote for a certain person just because they dont like that person. another reason you should vote is because if nobody votes they cant elect a president. the reason why most people dont vote is because they think that their votes dont matter. they think when the vote or when their whole family votes the percent will go up they just think they are wasting their own time. their votes count just because it dosnt go up one percent when they vote doesnt mean that their vote doesnt count. my final reason why we should keep electoral collage is because you can see the number of electoral votes out of each state. do the people docide to not vote for the u.s. president? or do they just not care what the world is going to be like when the new president come do you like that they just dont vote for a reason or just because they dont think it is important. for an example alot of the states only have three votes. california has fiftyfive votes in just that one state. california has the most votes in the whole u.s. in conclusion, i think we should keep the electoral collage because you should let the people who want the vote have the right because you dont know if they change it if they will still have the rules that they have for the electoral collage. another reason you should keep it so you can show people that their votes actually count and people know which president they should vote for by looking at the percentage of each president going up for election. the last reason is because they can see how many people are voting in each state and you can see if you are one of those people because if the state says that there was zero votes ina state and you know that you voted you would be able to tell if your vote counted or not most of the time it does.