venus is a beautiful structure that is intresting none the leasthave you ever desired somthing so much you will go to no ends to get that thing? that is the case for our vary dedicated scientists who want to descover all of the marvals that venus has hidden. the author explains how venus is the closest planet to resemble in size and diamiter when compared to the earth, the many difrances that venus presents iserupting volcanes, powerful earthquake, and freaquent lightning strikes to probe seeking to land surface. these are all things that happen on earth too. the more notable diffrence is the fact that venus had the hottest temprature in the solar system when it comes to surface wize. the author clearly shows his own intrest in venus when explaining how astronomers are so  fascinated by the solar system.this is also presented when the author explains how venus was probably like the earth, covered in ritch oceans and full of various life forms, just like the earth.venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features this is one of the starter points on how the author explains all of the similarities of the two. it is also stated in the text of all the great things that would benefit us if we do mangage to land succesfully, as an example plentifil solar power and radiation that surcomes earth levels. so as a final question, have you ever desires somthing so much you would go to no ends to get that thing? in this case yes, and the author even reconizes himself that its a challage none the least and that the inside that we are to gain from all of these new discoveries will help us devlope into greater things. striving tp meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gainted on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.this was a beautiful article that explains the marval that is our solar system, and how basic human instict drives us to want to discovore new things that drive us to be outstanding.