as the world and technology keeps on developing, there are many changes and advancments being made to make life easier, or so we think. google cofounder sergey brin has made an envison come to life, and his envision is something you might see as impossible. he envisions a future of public transportation but with driverless cars. many may find this development as dangerous, the fact that the cars are not truely driverless, makes the human take control of the vehicle at certain times, major road construction for the car to drive safely, and some states finding it illegal to test computer driven cars might have something to do with that. first off, these cars that claim to be driverless, are in fact not driverless. in paragraph , it clearly states, their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. so the fact that the car are truly not driverless and that you need to be alert the whole time and take the effort to make sure you dont crash into someones mailbox is quite sketchy. in addition to the cars not being fully driverless, the cars would need to work on fixed roads. in paragraph , it states,  thesesmart road systmes worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to exisiting roads, something that was simply too expensivre to be practical. needless to say, the fact that you are spending over what you need to be for this technology, and the roads with the wrong sensors is too expensive and unnessecary. also, in paragraph , it says as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia have lef the country in allowing limites use of semiautonomous cars manufactorers believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe. proving that these states to not allow the use of self driven vehicles because they are very dangerous. in conclusion, the driverless vehicle is a bad idea for many reasons. not truly driverless, making you take control of the vehicle at any time under conditions such as traffic and reversing, major road construction, and being illegal for you to test in certain areas because of the risk that the idea puts out to the public. driverless cars should not be the future, you should not have the depend on them to get you from point a to point b if you have the ability to drive with two hands.