was life better when we didnt have cars? there are many advantages to giving up our little priveledge to ride around if we as a community were to give up having cars we would have less pollution, reduce greenhouse gas emmision and our communities would improve rapidly. we need to give up cars to form a better more safe environment for our families. first off, an advantage to limiting car usage would be less pollution in our areas. cold nights and warms days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emmisionduffer . in source  paris bans drving due to smog it also shows that becuase of the enourmous amount of smog from cars they had to ban driving. after just  days of no car usage, the amount of pollution was down  percent. we as a people have to realize how drastic that change is. all we have to do to help the environment and nature grow more efficiently is to not use our cars as often. another advantage to lessoning our use in automobiles is the reduction of green house gas emmision. ...passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emmisions in europe...rosenthal . there our many programs and agencys trying to reduce greenhouse affects such as the one above, by banning the use of cars one being the environmental protection agency. president obama is also trying to curb the united states greenhouse gas emmisions as shown in source  the end of car culture. david goldberg, an official of the transportaion of america says all of our development since world war  has been centered on the car...rosenthal . we as a people are so induldged with cars and how efficent they may be in some aspects we dont realize the harm its doing to our communities. lastly an advantage to the limitations of car usage, is our communities improving rapidly. an example of this is the day without cars improvement campaign in colombia, shown in source . during this day people that lived in those areas would have to ride a bike, hike, take a bus or walk to work or scool. becuase of this there was no traffic jams and parks and sports centers bloomed. also, becuase so many were envovled in this, the sidewalks and streets were improved and new restaurants and shopping centers were developing. in all, the effects of limiting car usage would cause less pollution, lesson the amount of greenhouse gas emmision and cause our communities to improve rapidly. fellow citizens we could change the way we live for the better. limiting the use of cars would have a drastic change and help our communites blossom.