i am against driverless cars being made. i think it will be too dangerous. its cool that they are being made, but it will not end well. there are too many things to worry about with them. i think its a bad thing because there are dangerous drivers out there, there are many road hazards, and weather conditions can make it even more dangerous. some drivers are already making the roads more hazardous. they do things like speed, illegal turns, and do not use blinkers. with a human driver behind the wheel, if they see this they will most likely avoid the person the best they can, but what will a driverless car do. it might not be able to detect them so if it makes a turn, not knowing about the wreckless driver, it can cause an accident. the car can follow the rules of the road, but without human instincts, its just waiting to get hit. this can very bad and effect a lot of peoples thought about purchasing one of these vehicles. it says in paragraph  that the driver must be ready to drive, just in case the car approaches a work zone, but what about small hazards. while the feature alerts them about work zones, it doesnt say anything about alerting the driver about a pot hole or dangerous material in the road. if its driving in a small city, there could be some kind of hazard that needs a human to know how to avoid it. how would the car know to alert them if it hasnt seen anything like it before? it can alert for simple things, but for things like pot holes, its better just to have someone behind the wheel instead of risking falling into the hole because the car didnt alert you to take over. driving in bad weather can still be a problem. in paragraph , it states how it could react better than a human, stopping individual wheels and making it a lot less likely to skid out, but its not fullproof. what if the car was to be damaged in a incident of bad weather? it may be able to stop from outofcontrol skids, but would snowfalls affect sensors? if there was enough snow on the ground, it could potentially affect the wheels, and sensors around the car by covering them. in the event of a hailstorm, they could get damged if the storm was bad enough to where hail was the size of softballs, which seems unlikely, but stills remains a possibility. flash floods could also be dangerous if the car isnt programmed to know where the areas of flooding is possible at. there may be a solution to all these scenarios, but i doubt any one of them is perfect, due to the variety of storms and snowfalls there can be. in bad weather, it would be a lot more safe if the driver just drove instead. in all cases, it would just be better to drive yourself. your instincts will get you out of possibly fatal prediciments. you can avoid things like pot holes than can tear up a car. your knowledge of the weather is most likely more than the cars knowledge. you can depend on a robot to do certain things for you, but i dont think driving should be one of them. we technically are in risk everyday we drive, but its our choices that gets us through the day. i wouldnt put my life in a driverless cars hands. just drive yourself, and it can be way more safe.