nasas spacecraft, viking , caught the first image of the face on mars while looking for landing sites. when those pictures were sent back to nasa, they saw a face staring back at them. due to our advancement in technology, they took more pictures that were much better quality. today, the face is still known as a pop icon. however, a few scientists are still discussing the matter if its just a natural landform or created by alien life. there are numerous facts that prove it to be natural. one reason why its unreasonable that the face was created by alien life is that theres no legit proof of alien existence on mars or anywhere. only myths and rumors have been heard. i know for a fact nasa has been searching for it because defenders of the nasa budget wish to find life on mars, but there are no traces. there are just theories with no support at all. not only is there no evidence of aliens, but it doesnt make sense that an alien created a face of a human with tools made for hard, rock surfaces. if humans have never encountered aliens and aliens have never encountered humans, how could aliens create something in our likeness. although, we dont know if theyve encountered us, it seems highly unlikely. it seems more unlikely for them to make a human face that looks like a pharaoh. aliens dont know what a pharaoh is as well as what it looks like. in addition to that, what tools would they have used to make a landform  miles long... a pick axe? on earth, something like mount rushmore takes a lot of work to form even with the right tools. along with the lack of sense of the idea that aliens can create a human face with a pick axe, nasa has research that show that that type of landform is common on mars. the viking  had taken the picture around an area on mars called cydonia. thats where scientists in the jet propulsion lab classified the landform as a martian mesa. martian mesa is just a name for the landform, and their research displayed that those mesas were common enough around cydonia. in conclusion, the theory that the face on mars was created by aliens lack much credibilty. the fact that it has almost no supporting facts for it to be proven true. therefore, the face can only exist on mars as a natural landform.