the electoral college or changing to election by popular vote for the president should be kept. the electoral college has  electors. electoral votes is required to elect the president. the presidential election is held every four years on a tuesday after the first monday in november. having the popular vote can help choose for preident much easyer. the popular vote helps know which candidate many people are voting for which president. most states have a winnertakeall system. the system awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. the word sate also refers to the district of columbia. the rd amendment of the constitution, the district of columbia is allocated  electors and treated like a state. keeping the popular vote lets the people vote for president. the candidate with the most votes wins and becomes president. over  percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could lose again the presindency. under the college system the voters vote for a state elector who in turn elect the president. in  there was a dispute over the out come of the electoral college. it is till less likely than a dispue over the popular vote. each condidate has there own group of electors. changes should be made to the electoral college. some of those changes include leting the people vote for president not a state of elector. the electora college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose. they lose it by virtue of the malapportionment. the electoral college avoids the problem of elections. in which no candidatereceives a majority of the votes cast. the electoral college was established in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of equalified citizens. in conclusion the electoral college or changing to election by popular vote for the president should be kept.