driverless cars seem like they would take over the future in about the next twenty years. when in reality technology is not pregressing as quickly as you think. driverless cars would cause chaos in the world. causing problems the car salesman would not even mention to you. heres why they would be bad for society. when people think of this idea of driverless cars they think finally the future has come upon us for once and for all. as stated in the article driverless cars could malfunction and legally the manufacturer would be to blame.all drivers would have to take caution and be aware of there surroundings everywhere they went. drivers everywhere would have to be alert and furthermore, know that everytime they get into there driverless vehichle that there are risks. the accidents are just one factor there are many others. driverless cars are said to have a feature where the human or driver is alerted to know when to take over. this feature on the car could not be as safe as we are blinded to believe. what if the car does not alert the person fast enough.in that case that would cause lots of problems for everyone who has a driverless cars. i learned from the article that the car does not know how to avoid traffic stops or work zones. that would mean the driver would have to step up and take over for the time being. the article states that they are still working on the type of signaling that it would want to include. im sure they would try to find the safest one possible. on a  mph freeway would the driver be alerted fast enough to take over ? this question troubles me because what if the vehicle does not stop and the person ignores the signaling. as expressed in the article the auther questiones whether the driver would simply get bored with the car being driverless. this made me take on this topic in a different perspective.while the car being driverless maybe fun but overtime it would get boring mainly because you are not doing anything. the sensors say your hands have to be on the wheel at all time but would that really make them driverless. mishaps as such as falling alseep would be things manufacturers would be things they would have to look into. in conclusion , i think that overall the driverless cars idea is a really bad for lots of reasons as i explained in my earlier paragraphs. anyone looking for a more futuristic feature to their car shoud get one.