cars are apart of are everyday lives this is nothing new about this. mabye you already relized this and im sure you heard the damage it causes to the air. its just a known fact, cars cause pollution. this kind a lifestyle that is very destructive to everyone. electric cars are being made ,but how we power those car still causes damage. thats why some cities are makeing a change and there should be one. sure cars get to point a to b a lot faster than just walking. also it cause to loss are oil, a nonrenewable resource, if we limit car use we can decrease the smog, the oil loss and just make everything safer. to get started, smog or greenhouse gases has always been an issue. the majority is from cars, what happpend in france is an example of this. france enforces a partial driving ban they did this because th smog got so bad they had to and if they didnt obey they were fined or impounded. this is just one example and you bring up a point that they mostly used diesel. burning oil is still burning oil call it what you will, but it was to show the amount of smog it created. there are always a way to get around without cars like bikes or trains. im sure most people will start giving up there cars for electric or a bike sooner or later and hopful before its to late. theres also, oil and how much we loss of it. prices is just going to keep rising and its just a waste of the resource. eventully you will have to give up your car because gas prices are too high and just not worth it anymore. by then the about of damage will almost be unrevesable we need to make a change, if you limit the amount you drive the more you helped recover from the green house gases. keep in mind buses and trains take a hell of a lot less fuel to run, people use it all the time and some trains that are electric can travel faster than a car. lossing are oil wont be worth it there are a lot better aplications to use it in. dont forget, safety is just one more reason to stop using your car. everyone should know this one cars are dangerous and are unpredictable. you cant tell if someone will run the red light or cut across in front of you. they account for a lot of deaths every year, it could be a drunk, texting, sleepy and ect. that can cause a crash like a said unpredicablity is the killer. you cant walk into someone and die or trains crashing into each other is kinda impossible theres just too much safety measures to stop that from happening. so really, you should a least try to stop or limit the amount you drive everyday. in the end we loss are safety, are oil and are earth. its just not worth it we can change to electric cars that run on renewable resources at least or take the buses. in a way people already started driving by young people decreased  percent so even if older generation dont stop at least the next generaton is a little more wiser on the situation. limiting your driving is not as bad as it seems we keep are oil, we keep are lives and most importantly we keep are earth free a pollution.