limiting the amount of driving allowed and having carfree cities can have several benefits by reducing the amount of air pollution and traffic jams. some disadvantages of having carfree cities are time management and paying fines to drive. greenhouse gasses can be reduced by limiting driving in cities and having car free cities. about  percent of greenhouse gasses are from passenger cars in some cities in the united states and  percent in europe. there were about  micrograms of particulate per cubic meter in london and  in brussels. paris has the most air pollution with  micrograms per cubic meter. paris has  percent of its vehicles run on diesel fuel, which is blamed for most of the air pollution. the rest of western europe has an average of . percent of vehcicles fueled by diesel. car emissions are traped from the warm air caused by cold nights and warm days. a partial ban was created in paris for driving to reducce the amount of pollution. drivers with even number license plates could drive on certain days and odd number plates would drive on other days. after only five days the air pollution was down by  percent. in bogota there are car free days and  miles of bicycle paths were constructed and the amount of traffic jams during rush hour were down by almost half. limiting driving will lower the amount of traffic and it made several people happier. most public transportation was free on weekends. when driving was not allowed, people would be walking and riding bikes. most people in car free cities enjoyed the sound of children instead of hearing the sound of motors all of the time. public transportation was allowed every day and it reduced the amount of traffic with having fewer cars on the streets and roads. when driving on days then its not allowed the drivers have to pay fines. in paris drivers with even number license plates would drive on certain days andodd numbers drive on the other days. if someone is driving on the wrong day there is a fine of  euors or  dollars for each day that they drive when they cant. in bogota there is a  dollar fine for driving on car free days. time management is another problem when someone cant drive their car. going to work would take longer when walking, riding a bike or using the public transportation. having car free cities and limitin driving can be good for reducing the amount of air pollution and the amount of traffic out on the roads. some people feel happier when they live in a car free city because they feel like they have less stress but some people dont like paying fines when they are driving their car on certain days.