my position on driverless cars are that they are pointless. if a person to lazy to drive take a bus,taxi,subway. if a person isnt a good driver then this doesnt apply to them because they shouldnt have a liscense. details that support my postion are legal troubles, like when the author says if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer. you see humans have a mind so they can actually think and be held accountable if they were to make a mistakeif they were taught how to drive properly a computer is programed to do what it does. all of its thoughts have been written for it already so that means that it can only deal with prefabricated situations what if there was a pressing situation that the computer was not programed for and someone ends up losing there life over a computers choice. see a human would be able to handle the situation without being preprogramed its because we acually have a mind and our thoughts are acually thoughts and not lines and lines of commands. another detail that supports my position is in fact, none of the cars devloped so far are completely driverless...all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. i dont see the point in a computer driving car if it still requires a human on hand if you to lazy or not a good driveras said before there are other alternitives to driving and most of the time those alternitives are just other humans that drive you but you see they are living breathing thinking beings and can adapt and be held responseable a computer cannot. alot of times while driving a small choice can make a diffence in if someone lives or dies or is injured and from personal expearinces all computers have glitches no matter how good the programer not everything can be planned for but even the stuff they plan for will inevitably have bugs. im just saying if you are going to make a computer car it better be able to drive my dog to the park and back without me because the only way i will think a computer car is safe and bugless is if it is good enough to drive without me. so in conclusion i think computer cars are pointless because there are plenty of alternitives if you dont like driving and i think computers by design are just not good enough to make human desicions. and who would buy a car for the sole purpose of not driving it. the end