boredom in the classroom is not rare. for many students, some lessons will be pretty boring and bland, making the the student less attentive and engaged. what if that can be changed with technology? what if the machine used to detect emotions in da vincis artwork, the mona lisa, could be used to the students benefits? the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it can detect the students emotions during the lesson, it can modify the lesson according to their emotions, and it is much more effective compared to a human. this technology could be used to detect the students emotions during the lesson. in the article in paragraph , using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks the facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa.... each expression is compared against a neutral face showing no emotion. the author describes here how the machine works. it detects the muscles and the movements of s face and compares it to a neutral no emotions face in order to determine the emotion of the subject, whether it be a painting of a real life human. using this device, the computer can be placed in a classroom and can be used to detect the students emotions. this means as a teacher, they will know whether their lesson is making the students happy, sad, or angry. using this new data that can be collected, it can make the students more engaged. with the new data collected, this device can help make the students much more engaged in their learning by modifying the lesson according to emotions. as stated in paragraph , imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. as described by the author, this technology could be used to make the marketing buisiness much more succesful. they can play more ads that are similar to the ones that made the viewer happy and play different ones if the viewer seemed to be unhappy. this concept can be taken and implemented into a classroom. the computer can use the emotion detecting data and modify the lesson to where it will be towards the students liking. with this device, it will be much easier to understand the students and make the classroom more enjoyable. it can even introduce a new system of learning. this device can provide a much better substitute for a teacher. in paragraph , for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that converys happy, worried, etc.... his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electric code. the author describes how humans make this same calculation every single day since we can sometimes identify when a friend is sad or happy. however, humans are not as good at calculating emotions as this device is. humans could have trouble determining facial traits that convey specific emotions, which is why the device is much more effective. this new device that can provide a much better learning experience with modified lessons can even replace human teachers. its accurate data and superior understanding of the students compared to humans proves that it is a much better teacher. in conclusion, the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is very valuable. it can detect the students emotions during the lesson, it can modify the lesson according to their emotions, and it is much more effective compared to a human. with the facial action coding system, it can pave a path towards a new learning system, one where kids will enjoy being in a classroom rather than falling asleep. one where students will actually want to learn rather than be forced to learn.