today in the world, are you happy? happy with how the world is growing up and acting or ashamed on how it is pleading to those who live in it to finally change for the better which isnt happening. yet some children of mother nature or of the universe do believe that only living off of the nonmaterialistic ideas in life can help you get farther. however many people take pride in indulging on the sins that used excessively cant get them out of the hole they were forced into. sterotypical people who contradict themseleves or those whom tend to be hypocrytes for that they dont understand always fail to stand for the better. i believe, that in all honesty, no one should be happy with the location of where they stand in society. due to how far technology has gotten not even within the past two centuries, it must be stopped as a whole. now lets actually discuss our main objective to throw out the window. the topic to fully dive into, based upon facts and personal opinions, can stopping the mechanical reproduction of automobiles truly help the world out? just think about it, what are the possibilies that are being entitled within this topic in particular but most importantly is there any way the upcoming generations can switch everything or everyone around, to change the mindset of all of the billions of people living on the planet to make it up for the better since we all know the way we are heading is not the place we should go? how fast or slow can this idea be put into place? the world we now know is indeed needing to be resureccted based alone on how much harm we have caused within the past few centuries. if you rely on technology too much doesnt that hurt yourself even more in the long run? strategies or new found plans should be taken into consideration based on the facts presented and dismissed in the past because the way we are living and teaching those those who are newly born, should know that the world around them isnt right anymore, and direly needs help to improve. the society we are now dealing with, needs to play a new game or the world will end in more corruption than originally thought would happen. in all, isnt it good sometimes, to think about what is wrong and what you could do to help out? now just sit and think to see where your own mind could lead you. down the path were the world is once again healthy and happy? or the path of destruction? the path of destruction can lead to many implications based on health, or survival of the fittest, based on social status or skills gained in a hard cold world mostly dependent on how or when you grew up, due to how society changes over time. scientists know based on their own work that the atmosphere can only handle so much pollution until it gives out and the world as we do know, learn, and live with can die. do you want to see the slow demise of where you live, the place where is the only home known to man of the human species? seeing death upon the streets due to failing natural health means, does it not actually hurt the heart to see such things? plus cars do take too much space needed for other necesisties such as more room or storage to live a basic daily life in. yes we may have the technology to fix natural things artificially but does it make it right to think that it will work? cars cause pollution, pollution cases for health issues, health issues lead to over crowding at the hospital with disease, work load increases and those who work will tire and then eventually get sick themselves for which the most able to achieve end for this ongoing process could be death. now do you understand where i might be getting at? being sick mentally or physically is just the first step into a change in mind where all can go to hell and break loose or done in a good way, could change the future generations to restart where we all began. this is all just the basics of the wrong path imagine what could happen if nothing is done to stop the hurting and resume the healing. although that is the begining of an era that could happen due to stupidity or greed could you do us all a favor and imagine a realistic dream of what could happen if we dropped technology as a whole? all the metals could be recycled for greater purposes! cars will lead us to see a whole new or happier society where socializing could be the end of all problems. our health will be in tip top shape, everyone will finally understand what it could mean to live in harmony. money not spent on transportation could be saved for greater purposes similar to expenses for your childs college maybe even for the advancement of useful environmentally friendly sciences to be learned or help funded or whichever other purpose you can think of. yes one bad point is that many jobs could be lost but there is always back up plans that you could create for the worst case scenario. however, otherwise society will be happy and health issues should decrease if many of us chose to instead walk or use a bicycle to our destination, so isnt that a better dream to dream? keep moving forward as stated by walter disney, can that dream not be achieved by any means to increase the chances of a world where anything is possible to demand or chase after? failure doesnt mean to give up but to rather keep trying to improve the ratio of failing to succeding. cars may be important now, but in an alternate universe, what if they were never invented? in conclusion these familes who are giving up their main source of transportation unless required, they are doing the right thing by taking the first step into a new way of life. giving up cars is giving up the chance to accidentally hurt those by made a bad desicion. althought depleting these choices of actions will or should decrease if this topic remains to be included as a new trend for a lack of better word majorly helpful to whose with crime records of the possibility of earning. fighting with reason is better than to not fight at all. if your standing and doing nothing to help the environment around you, then dont you think you should consider the consequences for future generations down the road? consider both sides of the argument, which is right or which is wrong to proceed with? the happier life versus the hurting of the world? i can only do nothing but act upon myself to show that what is going on is a coincidence merely to the fact that you are here reading my words. can my words help from afar or not at all can only be determined by yourself. so be wise and consider, do you chose left for healing or right for hurting?