a car free community has many advantages. they will reduce the amount of greenhouse gases. they will also help you save more money by not having to pay for a car, and if you do, you can park it in a garage for ,. this will also expand other transportation and will have a new sixyear federal transportation bill. there is no disadvantages for having a carfree community. many countries and cities are participating in limiting car usage to make the air better and cleaner. first, and most important, is that reducing cars also reduces the greenhouse gas emmision. people that participate in this are most likely doing it to make the air we breath better. in some overpopulated cities, the amount of smog is crazy. after just one day without some cars, the amount of smog dissapeared. london had the idea for evennumbered license plates to be banned to drive one day, even though some people still used their cars. so more than half the cars are still on the road, and it reduced smog so much, they didnt even need to ban the odd numbered cars. this is the most important reason why people are limiting car usage. next, if you live in a car free community, you will never have to pay for your car. you can sell it to make more money becuase you will never have to use it. this is much better than owning a car and having to park it in a garage for ,. if you ever need to take the bus, you will have the money. with the extra money you can buy a bike also. the stores will be walking distances, so there is no need for a car. i think this is a great idea for not only a better community, but it would help people socialize with neighbors and it saves money while doing it. after world war ii, the cities would start reconstructing around the car, but now that is beggining to change in vauban, germany. last, the cities are trying to expand public transportation, such as taxis and buses. it would promote these and play a much larger role in a new sixyear federal transportation bill. in previous bills,  percent of appropriations have gone to highways by law and  percent have gone to other transportation. if the city bans cars, you can either walk, skate, bike, or ride the bus or taxi. in america, the amount of cars being bought and license plates being bought are decreasing since . president obama has an ambitious goal on which he unvieled last week and he wants to get rid of green house gas emmisions. in conclusion, i think you would agree that limiting car usage has its advantages. it reduces greenhouse gases and also smog. after one day, paris was clear of gas and smog in the air. the gas gets caught under the atmosphere and is dangerous. limiting car usage also will help you save money because you no longer will have a car to pay for. also, it would boost other forms of transportation, such as buses and taxis. this is a great idea to limit cars.