many people believe that the face on mars was created by aliens. i do not believe this claim. i believe that the face is just a natural landform that was not created by anything but the land itself. there are many pieces of evidence proving that the face is just a natural landform. first, and probably the most obvious, the face is only seen at a certain angle, due to the shadowing around the landform. in paragraphs one, two, and three the author states numerous times how the unusual shadows...made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. in paragraph eight, the author states the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude.... second, the first picture of the face was taken in , meaning that the face could have been a result of the poor camera quality back then. the scientists at nasa back in  even wanted to take another picture to see if the face was just a natural landform. when the mars global surveyor took a picture of the same landform in  with improved camera quality, it showed that it was just a natural landform. in , scientists took a third photo proving the face was just a natural landform. in paragraph , the author states nasas viking  spacecraft was circling the planet...when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. in paragraph seven, the author states ...his mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. and ...anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared... revealing... a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. in paragraph twelve the author states what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. the face was also used as a way to entertain the public and shine more light onto mars. at the end of paragraph three, the author states the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars. these claims and evidence to support them are just a few pieces of proof that the face of mars is a natural landform. some people believe the face on mars was made by aliens, and that there is alien life on mars. in all of the facts stated above, there is proof that the face is nothing more than a butte or mesa and not created by aliens. based on the pieces of evidence listed above, i can conclude that the face is a natural landform and always will be.