driverless cars the article driverless cars are coming, makes great statements for and against the full time use and developments of the driverless cars. they say if these cars are developed, we will be saving half the fuel that todays cars use. these cars will be like a publictransport system that would offer far more felxability than a us. the cars they are developing at google have been driven for more than half a million miles and none have had a crash yet, as stated in paragraph . although the develpment of these cars will lead to many future costs, they may also lead, in the long run, to saving more money and making a cleaner earth. the stance that i take with these cars, is that they could potentially be very succsessful in making our earth greener and safer. i agree towards the development of driverless cars if they are developed, they will be safer, cleaner, and impove everyday life. the first argument for why these cars should countinue to be developed is because they will create a more safter way of travel. these cars are full of sensors, as told in paragraph . they have been around since the s and they have become far more advanced also responding to respose and control than a human could offer which makes theses cars a lot less likley to crash, making them safer. if these cars have the tecnology to stay on a one track line because of the way they are sensored, that could lead to far less collisions and accidents, making a much safter way to travel. secondly, the reason why i agree with smart cars is the fact that they have the biggest oppurtuinity to be a new, cleaner way of travel. as stated in the first paragraph, these cars have the chance of using half of the amount of fuel that we use today with publictransport. if we create a sysytem of these cars to replace taxis and buses, then we can reduce an impacting amount of pollution from the world, making it far more cleaner. lastly, the reason why i am for the development of these cars is becuse they will help improce everyday life. these cars will create a much easier and personal way to get around, than the public transportation that we have today. in paragraph , sergey brin envisions the cleaner and easier way we can travel in the future. he believes, like me, these cars would fundamentally change the world. from fuel to flexability, they can create a much more simple way to travel in the approaching years. the reasons why i believe these cars should have countinued development is they will be safer, cleaner, and life changing. this article makes great statements for why and how these cars can be positivley and negativly impacting. we have been facinated as human with cars that could drive themselves in tv and movies, in reality we do have this but imagine how much we could help the earth and the people on it by cutting back fuel and the pollution of all the trvael we use today. there will probobly be a lot more trials and errors that come from attmepting to incorperate these cars into everyday life but in the end they will prove to be reliable, clean, and safer.