in the article making mona lisa smile, the author explains how new technologies are allowing compters to read facial expressions. the use the facial action coding system in classrooms is valuable, because it will benefit both students and teachers. this technology will help teachers identify if their students are understadning the lesson and if their students are enjoying the lesson and staying engaged. the facial action coding system will help teachers identify if their students are understanding the lesson they are teacher. in paragraph  the author states,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huange predicts. teachers could use this technology to monitor their students facial expression when watching a video or an online lesson. teachers could ensure that all their students are understanding the content they are teaching. teachers will be able to modify their lessons and how they are taught based on their students reactions. they could also insturct their students to take notes on these computers, so that the teacher can identify if their students are fully engaged or not. teachers will be able to understand if their students are enjoying the lesson or not with the facial action coding system. the author states,  the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video or video surgrey. this technology will not only help students and teachers understand each other better, but will help students have more fun as well. teachers will have the ability to show more interesting and engaging videos and online simulations to their students, so that they will stay engaged and focused on the lesson. it will give teachers the ability to monitor the enjoyment of their students, so that they will be able to modify their lessons t o help keep their students happy and focused. this will also help teachers make their future lessons more enjoyable or less depending on the reactions of their students. in conclusion, i believe that the use of the facial action coding system in classrooms is valuable, because it will benefit both teachers and students in the classroom. the use of this new techology will help teachers know if their students are understanding the lesson, and it will help students stay engaged and focused on the lesson.