imagine is a good way to detect exactly how peoples feeling, even when people wants to hide their emotions. to read the emotional expressions is also important and valuable for our students in class. there is a technology called the facial action coding system, it can able to help people to identify human emotions on the computers. it also has promising applications for a variety of insudtries. this technology can use d to scan the face, there are  major muschles in the model must move like human muscles, and the software can even identify mixed emotions. dr. huang saidthe facial expressions for wach emotion are universal. in reality, our human are performing the same impressive every day, just like the article saidyou can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. we can observe the emotions from people who are around us every day, we can describe they are happy or make something troubles. everyone of us have a conversation everyday, we can learn the personality through peoples emotion during the school. we can not only use the languague to talk, but also can use the emotion to have a communication, just like the people who can not talk to each other, but they still can use the emotion to expression their feelings. in this article, dr. huang observes da vinci also studied human anatomy to help him to paint facial muscles predcisely enough to convey specfic emotions. this imagine demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, just like the computer knows you are happy or sad. if you are following the web ad appears, then there will have a similar ad comeout. but if you do not follow it, they will change a different for you. when we have a classroom computer, it will recognize us is bored or confused about it, then it could modify the lesson, just like an effective human instructor. the emotions have a big effect during the class, we should learn how to read the emotional expressions and also manage our emotion better. the mirror shows in this article is important too, it suggest an emotion when we have expression. actually it is all about the muscular action units. when we have a meanwhile, our muscle make crowsfeet around your eyes. but our muscle will change to stretched when we have a wrong smile. so the muscle makes our smile truthful beacuse our faces do not lie. a drama coach had his actors carefully produce smiling and creating emotions on stage. your face shows happy even though you do not happy, but it still an help you to produce the happy muscle. for example, even you are not happy, but you are effected by the people who are making a happy face to you, you still can change your emotion even a little bit. we cannot believe that technology teach us a lot, and we never think that making faces can reveal the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. it is valuable to express peoples emotion, and it is also important to detect peoples feeling.