in the first source its explain what a electoral college is which is not a place its a process the finding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a congress vote and by a popular vote of qualified citizens. electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the eledtors where they vote between a president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. the electoral college has about  electors a majority of  are electoral votes is required to elect the president by which your state entitled allotment of electors equals the numer of members in its congressional delegation one for each member in the house of representatives plus two for your senators. the rd amendment of the constitution, the district of the columbia is allocated  electors and treated like a state for purposes of the electoral college. for this reason, in the following discussion, the word state also refers to the district of the columbia. the second source talks about the indefensible electoral collegewhy even the best bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong like in the first sentence what have richard nixion, jimmy carter, bob dole, the u.s. chamber of commerce, and the aflcio all, in their time, agreed on? the answer is abolishing the electoral college! theyre not alone according to a gallup poll in , taken shortly after al gorethanks to the quirks of the electoral collegewon the popular vote but lost the presidency, but over  percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. this following year voter have expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency but yet the electoeral college still has its defenders. what give?... the last source for the story talks about the defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president. electoral college is widely regared as an anachronism and a nondemocratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declasring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. the advocatesos this postion are coorect in arguing that the electoral college method is not democratic in a modern sense ... it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. your votes for a presidential candidate yourre actually voting for a slate of electors. there are a selects of parties that a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee.