driverless cars are a technology of the future. if perfected, driverless cars can solve many of the problems caused by drivers today. driverless cars will also benefit the environment due to the little gas they consume. finally driverless cars will benefit those who are not in the shape to drive. the technology of driverless cars helps more than it hurts. first of all, there are too many problems when it comes to driving. some are minor and some are major. when you introduce driverless cars to the road, many of the problems will be easily solved. some drivers are stupid and arent very aware of their surroundings while driving. they make lousy mistakes like running into mailboxes, running stop signs, and even crashes. when driverless cars are involved you are less likely to get into an accident. all commutes will be more efficient, and therell be less accidents out on the road. we all know that money plays a major role in everyones lives. people try to save as much as they can and it will be easier to do that with driverless cars. these new cars will consume less gas, which will allow you to avoid spending all your hard earned money on just traveling. it isnt just money youre saving but also the environment. using less gas means less fumes that are getting into the atmosphere. pollution will be less of a problem, allowing us to live healthier lives. its ineveitable that people drive their cars even when their not supposed to, when their drunk, tired and even on drugs. when these types of people get behind the wheel, youre not going to expect anything good from it. so driverless cars not only benefit those who arent in shape to drive, but also those who were first at risk of danger. less duis will be given to wreckless driver, assuring others on the roads more security. no more innocent people will become victims of dangerous driving. driverless cars will be the next big innovation of our daily lives. they prevent drivers from making mistakes on the road which lead to bigger problems. driverless cars also saves the consumers money by being more fuel efficient, and saving the planet. finally, driverless cars assure everyone more safety by preventing wreckless from getting behind the wheel. driverless cars will benefit all of us, allowing us to live safer lives.