in  a unusaul photo of what appears to be a human like face was located on the big red planet mars. this at first got heads turning and questions popping in every scientist mind at nasa. from the article it states that twenty five years ago nasas viking  spacecraft was circling around mars, while snapping some photos for a landing site for its sister ship viking . in the article it says that it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. the real question is the photo taken was it the face of an alien? in the article it states that there must have been a surprising expression on the faces of the mission controllers face back at jet propulsion lab. soon after the misson controlls saw the photo they, have firgured out it was just simple another martin messa, common enough around cydonia. in the article it says that the unusual shadows that made it look like an eyptian pharaoh, it is also very interesting to hear what they compared it to. in the article it says that after a few days later nasa unveiled the image for all to see, and the caption read, huge rock information...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and atrract attention to mars. in the article soon after being published it most certianly did catch the attention of the people. it even has starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and it even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years! now some people even think the face is bona fide evidence pf life on mars, and evidence that nasa would rather hide. in the article a few scientist believed the face was an alien artifact, photographing cnydonia became a priority for nasa. in the article mission controllers prepared to look again, and said its not easy to target cydonia, says garvin. mars global surveyor is a mapping spacecraft that normally looks striaght down and scans. in the article mars global surveyor said, we just dont pass over the face very often, he noted. in conclusion about this whole mars photo of a face is clealry not another alien artificat, its just clearly just a natural landform. in the article it also states that in  in april the redid the photo. they had to roll the spacecraft  degress to thecenter of the face to get a clearer shot. now i must say in the article it states that what the picture was actually shows is the martin equivalent of butte or messalandforms common aroundthe american west.