what do you think this discovery is that appears to be a face in the crust of one of earths neighboring planets mars. scientist at nasa have proven with evidence that the supposable face on mars is not alien made. the face that has appeared on mars is not a sign of life on mars, but really is just the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, that are a common landform on earth. nasa has conducted three missions to the red planet just to inspect the giant landform and each time they have came back with the same result. thirtynine years ago the face was discovered and was realized to be just a meas. twentyone years later nasa launches its second mission to inspect the face once more. michael malin and is mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original. the results of this mission were the same as the very first, the face is a natural landform. just after that in  nasa used a high quality camera with maximum resolution. just to reveal that the face was what they had suspected all along, the landform they had concluded on thirty nine years ago. the area where the face was discovered,cydonia, is actually known for having landforms that are similar to the one that some believe to be of alien realtion. there could be mutiple of these landforms that look like a huge face, but they just havent been discovered yet. these landforms are most definetly a mesa because they are the exact same heighth and width of the mesas that are found here on earth. even if this hoax that people say that the face is a sign of life that used to be on mars was true nasa would definetly release it to the public. the reason being is because this would be a huge benefit to the space program. the findings of martian life would be amazing to hear and would bring much more funding to the exploration of the planet, but this isnt the case. in conclusion after three nasa space missions, three similar pictures, and the smartest people together they all reach the conclusion that the face on mars is just a natural landform. what more evidence could you need, millions of dollars have been spent just to try to convince the public that the face was obviously not any kind of sign that there is life on mars. the theory is very illogical that the face on mars is something of alien or martian decent, when its just something that you can see here on earth in the american west.