the author supports his idea on studying venus despite all the dangers and doubts, in a understandable way. the author states facts from the national aeronautics and space administration nasa and pursuade in a detailed way of showing that humans can go and study venus. the author also states that venus was the most earthlike planet in our solar system, which means that venus was similar to earth and closest to planetary visit. on paragraph , the author states that we can have blimp like vehicle floating above venus fray or  miles above venuss landscape, which is  degrees fahrenheit. the author claim there can be air planes and jets flying over the storms of venus. the author also claimed that the radiation will not exceed earths level. at the end of paragraph , the author states not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. the author claims all these facts on paragraph  from nasa. on parahgraph , the author states that nasa is working on approaches to studying venus with mechanical computers that only use gears and levers. the mechanical computers would last longer than modern computers with silicon carbude. the mechanical computers were tested in a chamber simulating the chaos od venuss surface amd lasted three weeks. the mechanical computers were used in s and an important role in the s world war ii. at the end of paragraph , the author states  by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. which means that mechanical computers would be very important to studying venus. with these details and facts the author gave us, shows how the author was supporting his idea on studying venus. the author had facts from nasa and provided details on in a understandable way. the author stated our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this quote shows how his idea of studying venus with all the chalkenges and doubts, can possibly happen.