driverless cars are dangerous. my friend says what if the computer and systems fail and you have a accedent? another tells me. my friends say driverless cars are a bad idea ,becuase the could cause accendents ,there not reliable and that they are way to costly. while i think driverless car are a okay idea, because they can alert me when to stop when i have manuel control of the vehicel, it gives me control when the car can not monuver through accedents or rough torain and it has autopilot so i dont have to drive to much. driving cars can make accedents happen. if the driver is not paying attendtion and doesnt take control in areas the car cant drive through or if its system fails to work. though they can also preventg accendents by alerting the driver of the areas that the car cant drive through. it can also help you drive by giving you alerts of the things that are behind the car while backing up, provide a autobrack option when it senses something in front and the driver doesnt put on the brakes. yes driverless car can be unreliable at times. for example you have part that is broken on the car or the system and computer may not be wroking properly. yet if you do not trust a driverless car i can also give you the option to drive the car yourself. plus it helps you drive by giving alerts if you are about to crash with somethingthat is behind you as you drive and the autobrake that stops the car automadicly if the driver is unable to. one of these cars would be extremly costly. the price for a car like this would be more than what a normal person could win in a year. some say that the car is not worth the price and that is to unreliable to buy. i say the price might be worth it. i gave my reasons to my friend. though they still say its a bad idea i respond with its my money and i will buy what i want with it.. though my friends stand on the orther side of the arggument i stay with my the side that states driveless cars are a good idea. driverless cars are a good idea, because they can alert me when to stop when i have manuel control of the vehicel, it gives me control when the car can not monuver through accedents or rough torain and it has autopilot so i dont have to drive to much.