the famous face in space! above us there is a mysterious world out there. a whole complete different area that us humans arent that familiar with. we have traveled there many times, but there, we can only go so far. the only way we have access to the farther part of space is through specially made robots. scientist have built robots and satalites that are able to do the job for us. right now we have these robots on mars helping us get information! in  scientist discoverd that there was a rock shaped figure of a face on mars, and what everyone wants to know is, how did this face appear on this planet? the face on mars became a huge senstaion. it was starred in hollywood movies, books, magazines, and even radios talks. this rock shape of a face was famous for over  years in a grocery store checkout lines! this face contains eyes, nose, and a mouth! thats all that it needs to start up a huge debate on rather this face belongs to an alien, or is it just some little birthmark on the planet mars. i am not some special scientist, nor have i done research on this face, but i dont believe that this is a face of an alien. very few scientist do believe that this is the face of an alien. i find this hard to believe because technology has gotten more bigger and better. i could understand why back then so many people believed this accustaion, but it is  now. this face was found in . technology has grown severly and yet we have no proof stating that this is an aliens face, nor do we have any proof proving that aliens are real. we have information sources in space and on mars right now and they have been there for years, and not once did these sources find information on any aliens living in space. many scientist and nonscientist have made several different theories about this face. many have different oppinions too. some believe that this is the face of an alien, and some also believe that this is just some other makebelieve story. although there are pictures of the face proving it is there, many like to make their own predictions. we are all clueless about this weird mark on mars, but i would hope that we can believe our specially trained scientist. they have been doing this for years, and i believe that if they say something isnt real or didnt happen that way, then we should believe it because if we cant believe them, then who else do would we believe?