curiosity is in the nature of humans and curiosity has gotten us to many places. if chrisopher colombus did not travel to india, the british would have not found north america. likewise in space exploration, we must be curious about the planet venus. venus is a planet that is very similar to earth in many forms. the reason for studying space exploration is explained in the article the challenge of exploring venus. although the venus conditions are very absurd, but the doors that it can open are well worth the hardwork needed to explore the planet. that is why the author explains that venus is a planet that is worth exploring due to exploring venus is able to open more pathways to other types of space exploration and the planet has very close relations with earth. the author explains that it is true that in order to take step into the future, we must start space exploration. and the only way to do this is to start with a planet close to us. the author tells us that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. if we are so close to venus what is stopping us from exploring it? there are an abundance of things that stop us form exploring venus. but the author must first talk about the similarities and differences between earth and venus. earth and venus are suprisingly very similar in many ways. due to this fact, venus can help show us what may happen to earth in the future. earth and venus have very similar density and size. but they are different in that the atmosphere is thick with  percent carbon dioxide and the temperatures of the planet average  degrees farenheit. the planet also contains highly corrosive sulfuric acid and an atmospheric pressure  times greater that earth. this is highly alarming that a planet so close to earth can also be so different. this sparks a curiosity in the brains of many space passionate people. in culmination, the start of advanced space exploration starts with venus. it is impossible to be unable to travel to venus and expect to travel to other places in space. the author wants people to understand that exploring venus is not pointless, but instead it can answer the many questions we have about our planet. exploring venus is a challenge that people need to overcome. that is why the exploration of venus starts a great leap in space exploration.