driveless cars are coming so you know how in the movies that take place in the future and they have really high tech cars that run on there own and fly in the sky? well the world probably is going to have them type of cars. so companiescar manufactures are creating a such thing called driverless cars. google have even started to create cars like that. the cars are pretty high tech but they is still in the beginning stages of becoming driverless. right now google cars arent truly driverless, the cars alert the driver to take over when pulling in or out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. first, so to me i think it is pretty awesome that we are creating driverless cars. i think it is pretty awesome that technology is evolving into something spectacular. probably in a ten to twenty years we will have flying cars. also it not just google that want or is creating driverless cars it is mercedes benz, audi,tesla and nissan. i also believe that it is amazing what some of the cars will be able to do. some cars like googles toyota prius that they modified uses sensors. the senses is all around the car. with them sensors they combined all the input that is very highly necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. secondly, although i believe that this is the next step to a futuristic world there are still some downfalls of the driverless cars that they probably need to improve. for one out of everything it is probably really dangerous. the cars can easily not work at all or stop working while in the middle of a busy highway which can harm so many people. with that they wouldnt know who was at fault the driver or the manufactuer who created the car. also the price of the cars to me is probably going to be a total downfall. the car may really be pricey. it can probably be in the mid hundred of thousands or even millions. lastly, i really do believe that this will be an great idea on all parts. it will take so long to master the perfect car with everything intact. i myself will probably love to have a driverless car in the future. i really hope that google, tesla, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan will be able to create the perfect driverless car and possibly more. that would be an awesome experience. conclusion, so that is my postion on driverless cars that is in the making. i think it would be an awesome thing to have on the streets if it is safe. if it is not in anyway safe i dont think we should have them at all out on the streets. this is an start to an future where probably everything is smart technology. like it said in the text,  the road to the truly autonomous car streches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination every day.