while it is incredible that prof. thomas huang has developed this mechanism to read anyones emotions, it should not be implemented in the classroom. as humans, we have the basic right to freedom of speech which allows us to speak our opinions, but it also allows us to keep some things to ourself, and that includes our emotions. some peole are better at reading emotions and body language than others, and nobody can do anything about that. but sometimes students conceal emotions from teachers for reasons, and sometimes kids just want to figure out how to perform tasks on their own. if a student is taking an online course and appears confused, its best to let them decide whether or not they need to be taught more about the subject or it they are jsut struggling with a certain aspect of it. also, if a students face is  concentrated and  confused, they may not want the computer to bombard them with a lesson and break their concentration, which would end up frustrating the student. in paragraph , the author says, imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. while it could be beneficial for a computer to know what emotions the students in the lesson are feeling, what would it do if the student was overwhelmed by emotions that werent related to the lesson at hand? woult the computer be able to decipher what emotions were related to the lesson and which were just carried over from their home life or other things? in paragaph , the author says, imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad. for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. there are already many people who are against the idea of personalized ads, and think they are an invasion of privacy. imagine a computer almost reading your mind to get ads best for you, i personally cant remember the last time i smiled at an advertisement, even if it was for something i wanted. ive always seen ads as an interuption of the task at hand, and the last thing i want is for an ad to break my concentration with something that i want while i am doing something productive. in paragraph , the author explains that while this technology is out there, it will likely not be available anytime in the near future, your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile. even though this technology will likely not be implemented into classrooms for a while, it is still worth discussing whether it ever should.