autonomous cars may seem like an amzing step forward as mankind continues to advance in technology, making our daily lives much easier. however, with much development still needed on the concept, driverless cars may end up being more of a burden than a blessing. the developmet of autonomous cars should be hindered as they will pose as they may pose as a threat to the privacy and safety of drivers. although manufacturers have come a long way in the advancement of automobiles, they still are not able to create a fully autonomous car. as it is stated in paragraph seven, drivers must still remain alert and be ready to take control of the wheel if they are to enter a situation that recquires them to. this may sound like a good reason why these cars should continue to be developed, but if one is not driving all the time then this could lead to problems. if a driver is not driving for a period of time they will most likely lose focus on the road because they are not actively doing anything in the situation. if a driver isnt focused and an event occurs that they need to take the wheel, then may not be able to react in time. even today in standard cars drivers are more likely to falls asleep at the wheel on highway roads that have them going in a long, straight path at the same speed. if this occurs when they are activly driving, then what will happen if they are just sitting in the seat while the car is driving itself? whats to stop them from falling asleep? would we then have to place our lives soley in the hands of our cars? weve all had our computers randomly glitch or shut down without warning atleast one time or another. now imagaine if that were to happen with our driverless cars. someone could be on a highway with cars going  mph and the computer operating their car could stop working. imagine the fatalities an event like this could cause. the problem with technology is that it is not always fully reliable. with this being the case, few people would be able to get into an autonomous car and get on the road trusting their safety with the car. as it is stated in paragraph nine, in the event of an error like this we dont even know who would be at fault. the driver, or the manufacturer. in conclusion, the development of autonomous cars should not continue until the technology is available in a way that driveres can be ensured that the technology will not fail on them. in the event of a driver less car, consumers of the product should be able to know that they are  safe. until this safety is made definite, driverless cars should not be placed on the market.