driverless cars are something that has always been in the minds of big inventors such as sergey brin. however, much controversy comes with this specific topic. there are both negatives and postives to these driverless cars. but, i think that they are a good idea and could really impact our world for the better because, we already have some of the technology, it would be better for the environment, and it would be safer. first, driverless cars are not a new idea. it might seem like a new idea, but in reality we are already half way there. we already have antilock breaks and sensors, plus google has been having these driverless cars for years now. in the article it says, in reality, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . it also states, googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. not to mention the spinning sensor on the roof that constantly updates the cars surroundings. sensors are nothing new though beacause, in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. if we already have all this technology, why dont we just go the rest of the way and push harder to make independent cars a thing? secondly, it would be much safer and cleaner for the environment. everyone talks about how we need to take care of the earth and be cleaner, resulting in cleaner, more fuel efficient cars. with driverless cars, we would have the oppurtunity to cut down on gas and make the world a little bit more of a cleaner, safer place. this is because the cars,  would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. sergey brin, the google cofounder says that, he belives such cars would fundamentally change the world. finally, these driverless cars would be much safer than cars that are dependent on a driver all of the time. of course there would still be risks and things that could go wrong safety wise, but i believe that we would all be safer with these independent cars. for example google cars, have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. there would be many many sensors on the car to make it safer and more aware of its surroundings like the d scan on the top of the roof. plus, the cars would have the ability to get the drivers attention when needed like vibrating the drivers seat, or flashing lights on the windshield. all of these things would go into making these independent cars safer than cars with a constant driver. in conclusion, i do believe that driverless cars are the way to go. i think this because we already have so much of the technology to make them, it would be cleaner and safer for the environment, and it would be much safer than cars today. plus how cool would it be to have a car that does most if not all of the driving?