have you ever thought of a world with cars driving themselves? the thought of not taking control of your own vehicle is mindblowing. driverless cars in the future are not a good idea because the technology is not reliable enough, state laws will take a surplus amount of time to change if they change, and if technology fails the person or manufacturer held with consequences will not be known. driverless cars in the future are not a great idea for the future because they are not reliable nor completely driverless. within the article, it statesgoogle cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. this factual information from the text solidifies the fact that the cars are not completely driverless. they need human assistance in order to be safe. regular cars in the present day need humans and so do the driverless cars. there is basically no difference besides the fact that it can drive on its own for a temporary amount of time. futhermore, the cars are not a great decision for the future because the state laws will take a very long time to change, and that is if they do change. societal issues within the u.s. take many years to change because it goes through a long process in the white house and finally the supreme court. not to mention the state governments. in the article it states that traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. this evidence shows that the process of changing laws will take a great amount of time. in additon to, if when the technology fails and someone is severely injured the conflict will rise because the government will not be sure of who to punish. will the driver be accused, or the company that created the car? the creation of this car will cause massive issues within the court system and many societal issues. in the article it states  even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the care of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faulthe driver or the manufacturer? this validates the reasoning of why the conflicts will occur within the creation of the vehicle. some may argue that driverless cars will help drivers become more relaxed and driving will be a much more entertaining experience. but, this is incorrect because in the article it states the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. this means that the human has to stay attent to driving regardless of the car being able to drive itself. overall, the idea of driverless cars in the future are not a good idea because the technology is not reliable enough, state laws will take a surlpus amount of time to change if they do change, and if technology fails the person or manufacturer held with consequences will not be sure. driverless cars could be helpful in other ways, but to be the primary source of transportation is not an ethical way of thinking.