have you ever thought so far into the future you think about automatic cars? some old cartoons even involve a driverless, flying car. if a cartoon can do it, why cant we? but then again cartoons arent realistic. maybe driverless cars are. there are many benefits and doubts about driverless cars and i will state some in this essay. first, one benefit would be you could multitask in your car if youre running late, drinking your morning coffee, etc. you could now text while driving now too without it being a safety hazzard. if this car were created you would still be able to control it if you were getting into an accident. the car would also alarm the driver in case of an accident were to occur. it would also give you a headsup display, which would help the driver be prepared to take over. some companies actually have something similar to a driverless car such as google. the google car isnt exactly driverless because you still have to control the car, but so would an actual driverless car if needed. but this would be very beneficial for some people. although some people would love this idea there are some doubts and cons about this driverless car. therefore, the driverless car seems like a great idea, right? to some it might be, but others may have some concerns. one might be the video camera a company may want to include to watch the driver, but that would be an invasion of privacy. many may agree with this. another would be what if the weather conditions outside were outrageous? then there might be some technical problems with the car and could cause danger to the passengers in the vehicle. the car could have many malfunctions because of the high usage. the car doesnt only have some concerns about the people inside, but the people out of it. some states even have a law against cars like these. safety is a big concern for everyone for this driverless car. so there you have it, pros and cons of this driverless car. i may not drive now, but one day i will be and i wouldnt want to be on the roads with a concerned driverless car. but everyone is entitled to their own opinion. you may agree to disagree on these statements, but only the future knows what will be in store for us and well just have to wait and see.