have you ever wanted to know the advantages of limiting car usage. well you will be surprised of all the postive reviews the news has brought us to read. limiting car usage has so many advantages that we cant see for ourselves such as citizens getting more exercise in vauban, germany. less accidents and traffic jams occuring in the major cities and highways in our world, and there are less deaths that happen in our world today by deadly crashes for poor driving. based on source  it explains how people get better exercise with banning car usage. imagine living a healthy life by walking everywhere you go you would be so much more healthier with your lifestyle and how much you change dramatically by folowing the rules unless you want to get a very expensive ticket from the local police officers. i would recommend you to take this opportunity because its only going to benefit you and everyone else if you tell them the same information. based on source  in bogota, columbia it explains to us how there is less accidents and traffic jams that are occuring everyday due to the limited car usage based on number  in source . but they still offer bus and taxi transportation for individuals that want to travel or go to work based on what they decide to do. so imagine a world without rarely any accidents that get our citizens killed just for lack of use from driving cars. based on all the sources it also tells us that less people have death casualties ocuuring daily from car drivers that use it with no responsibility and no courage. with less people dieing life would be so much better for everyone to hang out with there families and there friends or girlfriends and boyfriends. limiting car usage can make this ocuur so much successfully by the bad ones to just take a bus or taxi instead of getting in the cars to just hurt someone by accident or on purposeby there lack or driving. altogether limiting car usage makes our world have so many advantages that we have never had before. such as the less accidents, and traffic jams that drive people nuts. and having so less deaths our world has to face everyday from someone lacking there driving skills. now lets get in those buses and taxis and forget about our cars please.