venus is called the evening star . its one the brightest points in the sky . it even makes it simpler to see an amateur stargazer . venus is the closest to the planet to earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closest in distance too . the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents . the author is completely right because humans curiosity will lead you to many equally intimidating endeavors . the author wanting to do this study is not wrong some people will argue this and say this is not a good idea to put a human being life at risk . agree to disagree because alot of people wants to know if theres life on many different planest such as mars , venus and maybe the dawf planet pluto and maybe there is . the author supports his ideas with good points although risks are important to consider and its also an important factor in this because we dont want to send people just to die . the author said in paragraph   since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours it explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades .  which means astronomers dont have very much to live . a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus you would have to wear a good good mask to be able to breathe . but theres even more challenging things like the clouds those arent any type they have a highly corrosive sulfuric acid . these conditions are far way more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth . in paragraph  it states that  researchers cannot take samples of rock gas or anything else from a distance . so how are we going to know if theres life on planet venus ? however many researchers are working on innovations that would allow machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus . nasa is also working on some other approaches to studying venus . for example nasa worked some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide . they have been tested yes in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus surface and have lasted atleast three weeks in such conditions . many ways are being created to do this study . researchers have made this study easier and easier just a tiny bit . modern computers are enormously powerful , flexible and quick but there more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions exposing a cell or a phone its capable of melting . in conclusion venus is a nice planet to do this study on . ill even study and do some research myself .