should more driverless cars be made in the future, do they really help? there are positives and negatives of the driverless cars. a positive, according to the passage is that cars have sensors that make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. having that sensor can keep the driver alert of the road and drivers around. another positive would be the seats vibrating, they are to alert the driver when the car is in danger of backing up into an object. that is important because things such as vehicles are closer then they really are in the mirrors. so when your backing up, you could be closer then you think and without the alerting of the vibrating seat, you could tap someones car, which would lead to some very exspensive bills for you or worse losing the right to drive. this all sounds great but, there are negatives too to these amazing cars, unfortunatly. say you have and older driverless car and the sensors dont work as quickly and you hit someone from behind. you say you were paying attention or your car didnt say anything, whos fault is it really then? is it your fault, should you be charged or let off because of a bad car? we all know technology is nice, fast ,and very helpful but, we also all know you cant always depend on technology. it shuts down or gets viruses, or could just die on us at the very time we need it. if you were in a car accident and you were the one that had been hit by a young driver and the young driver says my car didnt do anything, you would want to say the young driver was probably on the phone but you dont really know. say the driver wasnt on the phone and the car really didnt do anything to keep her from hitting you. what do you tell the police, who do i blame? i think the positives stand out more then the negatives because they really do help. a elderly with there lisence is on the road and shehe has to slam on there breaks but just couldnt do it fast enough because there so slow and old, the smart car can help by alerting herhim quickly before shehe sees that everyone has slowed down because of an car accident up ahead that shehe cant see. teenagers are young and dumb, they are always destracted by there phones, if there eyes are on the phone then whos watching the road? teenagers get in horriable accidents everyday because they do silly things like texting while driving. the smart car can keep them focus and alert them on whats up ahead as well as whats around them. some smart cars wont let you move or do anything untill you put your seat belt on, a seat belt can save you. smart cars can save lives. more of these driverless cars or smart cars should be made. they really have brought down the number of accidents. i actually have a smart car or a smart truck and it doesnt let us down. it will not let you turn on the radio or start the car unless everyone has on there sear belts. it says welcome too everytime you get in, such a nice car. our car has cameras on all four sides of it. the most usefull one is the back camera, it shows everything behind us. we are a big family so when we go grocery shopping, its a lot of food, sometimes we cant see out the trunk window. how would we know if a car was coming or a family was walking by? what if a dog ran pass or a child ran pass, the smart car quickly alerts us by blinking rapidly and making loud beeping noises, the tv in the front of the car shows us whats behind the car or whatever the cameras are showing so my mom can quickly stop the car so whatevers passing through dosnt get hurt or we dont mess up our nice car. the smart car saves lives and money. i cant wait to get my own!