cars have always been used to get from point a to point b. that is how the people in society know what cars are for. however, there are other alternatives when is comes to going form one destination to another. citizens should limit their car usage. it helps with the terrible traffic on the street. also, there will be no more pollution in the air. in addition, citizens can be able to enjoy the world. everyone has been caught in traffic, whether it is going to work or school or meeting up with someone. everyone has been in traffic before. people can prevent traffic form happening. there is carpooling, it can help limit traffic on the streets. just like it states in source three, ...millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. there are other ways to avoid and stop traffic. not everyone needs to take their own personal car to work. they can either car pool or take public transportation to save money because gas isnt cheap these days. in addition, traffic somtimes end up leading to accidents. there are several people who died in a car accident due to someone speeding because he or she doesnt want to wait in the traffic. however, if everyone just finds another alternative way to get to his or her destination, then no one has to die. just like it explains in proclaims in source four, pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial, and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emission and improve safety. this qoute listed some alternatives way to get somewhere. by doing these things it will not only limit the traffic but the resources and the safety of other people. traffic isnt a fun place to be in, so find another way to get to his or her destination can prevent traffic. air pollution is everywhere we go. whether someone travels to japan, india, or south america. there willbe air pollution there. it might not have same amount of air pollution as other countries but there is still pollution. why? because there are people who uses his or her personal car not thinking about what happens to the air that they breathe. however, there is a solution to limit the pollution in the air. limiting car usage or find another way to get to the certain destination. mr. sivak even claims that a car is just a means of getting from a to b... cars is just a means of transportation. so are bicycles, trucks, buses, traind. however, all these have one thing in common, they are all going form destination a to destination b. biking, walking, skating are some way to stop the gas from the vehicles from polluting the air. actually, by using these methods pollution can be reduced. for example source three states, ...uneven, pitted sidewalks have bee replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic... when people dont use his or her car and decides to find another way to get to their destination it helps reduce the traffic. there are several people who say that they know what the real world is since he or she travels all the time in their car. however, do people really know the sounds of kids laughter when walking down the side walk or a bicycle bell violently ringing at someone to get out of their way? not a lot of people know this because they are usually used to their vehicles getting them places. people will argue that they have heard all of those before and that they were happier. but ms. walter thinkgs other wise, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. ms. walter has been walking on the streets and she hears the swish of bicycles and the talkative children and occastional a distant motor. these help people better appreciate the world that they live in because not everything will last forever. in addition to this, less cars means more people walking which means that several people will end up walking pass a shop and look what is inside. for instance in source three is explains, parks and sports centers also have bloomed through the city uneven...and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. it helps by walking to find new stores or restaurants people never heard of. several people believe that the only way to get somewhere is by car. that isnt necessarily true. skating, walking, biking, car pooling or public transportation can help get anyone from point a to b. yes, it will take longer on foot than by car but it helps the environment, it stops from the air getting all the gasoline form the cars. it is faster than being stuck in traffic. someone who is biking to school can be five minutes late while soneone who is took their car and got stuck in traffic can be an hour late. limiting car usage is a way that everyone can explore the world than being stuck in that four or tw door car. limiting car usage has its downs but it also have its perks.