the aothor support this idea in the article pretty well. venus is the second planet from the sun.venus also has one of the hotter surface temperature of any planet in our solar system.venus is called the evening star because it is one of the brightest point of light in the night sky.venus has the cloest density and size to earth. so people reffer this planet as twin planet of earth.venus is survuvable fo human son it is worth pursuit despite the dangers it presents. venus is survival for human because venus used to be one of the planet like earth in our solar system along time ago. venus was probably coverd largely with oceans and could have support various froms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this evidence tell us that venus the most likely going to be where the human move when the earth no longer liveable in the future. another reason that venus is worth pursuit despite the danger it presents is it is closest to the earth. furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. the venus is close to the planet we live so if something were happen to it we have to move to mar or venus. so, we have research do our resarch on it so we stay there before we find a planet that suit us. the idea that we should do our research on venus even if we know the danger. but there is going to be alot problem when we do it example  however, peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on the ground conditions because most froms of light cannot penetrade the dense atmosphhere, redering standard froms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researcher cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. we will face the danger but it will also evole the human kind by alot. this very help full in the easy. people does not care about the future so that they are worried that something may happen to the earth . so research have tosearch for away that will make human live in venus or mar so that human does not extienct. this article give me more about venus in many way.