using this technology in a classroom would be valuable because if students werent interested in what theyre doing it could tell and could modify the work to make it more enjoyable. it could also help if the student is having troubles and could tell the teacher to help the student if the student is confused or needs help to get a better understanding of what is going on. it could also help if the student is having troubles outside of school because it can tell if youre sad or mad. this technology is valuable in the classroom because if the student is loosing interest and getting bored it could notify the teacher and the teacher could make the lesson more interesting. making the lesson more interesting could help the student in school and maybe make their day better. making the lesson more interesting could help students get a better understanding of the lesson and help bring grades up. the technology could also help if the student doesnt know whats going on and needs one on one help and maybe a tutor. since this technology can read facial expressions it can read wether or not the student is confused because the student will have a confused look on their face. if this happens the teacher can ask the student if they need help and even if they say no the teacher will know thats a lie because the technology says otherwise. since the facial action coding system tells wether youre happy, sad, or mad it can help with problems outside of school. if the student is having troubles outside of school it will affect the behavior and what the student does inside of school. the technology can tell if this is happening and can let the teacher or someone else in the school and they can get help for that student. if that student gets help for those problems that can help with grades and behavior in school and can turn their life around for their well being. use of this technology can help improve students grades and test score because of it being able to tell emotions. if the student is confused it will know. if the student is losing interest it will know and the teacher will become aware and can change the lesson or work to make it more enjoyable and interesting for all the students.