in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author supports his idea by explaining and reasoning why scientist want to invest theyre time in venus, how venus can have chances of human survival, and how venus can be a challenging planet to research, but argues it out by saying its not impossinble with time and effort. the author tells the reader how venus can have chances of human survival the reader provides this in his article because he wants to persuade you that if scientist have chances to survive venus, then more likely their chance of researching venus is more likely to be accepted and successful.  solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. paragraph, the author explains the positive conditions of venus and how it could be possible for scientist to survive in those conditions. the author then states why scientist want to invest theyre time in venus. the author does this because he wants to persuade the reader that, it is a good idea to make time to research venus because it was once like earth, and they want to invest time to know what caused venus to change into a dry rocky surface without water.  if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientist even discussing further visits to its surface? astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the authors purpose of the text is to tell the reader why it is that they arae willing to invest their time into venus, the author gives his reasoning as venus being just like earth with supporting life form, in which the author could be implying that if life on venus existed and it disapeared their research could have results to why it happened and how can we prevent it from happening to earth. lastly, the author supports his idea by how venus is challenging, but argues the idea of not being impossible. what the author tries to tell us is that earth and venus are alike, and that although its challenging its closest to earth and quicker to provide transportation and how reasearch could fastly be involved and be progressed. in their benefit because of what the author is trying to do is give positive information, so then the reader will be persuaded.  often referred to as earths twin venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closet in distance too.  because venus is sometimes right around the corner  in space terms humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. the author tells how variety of humans have sent spacecrafts, and how it wouldnt be rare or that much of a risk to start sending more spacecrafts since they already have before. in that case the authot is trying to convince the audience that if this was done variety of times before there shouldnt be a conflict in trying it again with improvements. in conclusion the author supports his idea by explaining and listing his reasoning to why scientist should invest their time in venus, and how the auhtor emphasizes the possiblities to have reference from venus to use in earth, since theyre likewise.