the author does not support hisher idea to study venus very well. the author presents mostly negative effects on humans researching venus. he or she should have showed more facts for their side then for the negative side of visiting venus for research. there are many dangers with sending humans to research venus and the author states this. the author states in paragraph  a thick atmosphere of almost  carbon dioxide blankets venum. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the author goes on to talk about how nasa had the idea to send a hovering vehicle over to venus to explore but if the clouds are corrosive how do we know how far they go. the temperature at venus is also dangerous conditions for humans. the author states that nasa had ideas to study using the vehile or simplified electronics. in paragraph  it states some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. if we send electronics over there to get pictures and calculations how would we put it on the surface and take it off of the surface. the author needs more details about this idea before stating it as a good idea. the author thinks that the hovering  or so miles above venus is not a good idea because the scientist cant get samples to study venuss atmosphere. the author states therefore, scientists seeking to conduch a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. the author isnt to worried about the humans getting sent up there and thinks they should do it in dangerous conditions. the author states facts on previous missions but these do not support hisher idea. previous missions to venus were unmanned. the author also states in paragraph  each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. if spacecraft didnt survive it how would humans. the author needs more facts supporting hisher idea instead of against their idea. this article should be more like a argumentable essay with stating facts from both sides. the author makes this article more of a persuasive for the opposite of what they want. they need to get more facts and ideas for not only their side but for both sides. i think that this article was more opinionated rather than using facts to support the articie.i also think the author did well with stating facts opposing hisher side but did not give me enough information to support their idea.