i believe that driveless cars are a bad idea . there are so many things that they still would have to improve before they would be safe. they arent totaly driveless anyway because you would have to stop and start driving when ever you come to construction or and accident on the road. im going to tell you some reasons why i dont beleive they are a good idea. the first reason i dont believe that it is a good idea is because they dont know how to drive through construction or accidents that have happens on the road yet. you could be driving down the highway and as many accidents that happen you could just come around a turn aand then you would have to be watching very closley to know to start stearing the car. this could cause some mayjor issues as in causing other wrecks to happen. i know if i was driving down the road with a driveless car i would be kicked back an relacked. if you come apon a wreck though you could also be in a wreck because you were not ready. my second reason i dont think they are a good idea is because they wont have a clue who to blame if there was an accident. if you got in a wreck with someone would it be your fault or the other person or would it be the cars fault that you crashed? they wouldnt know who to blame for the wreck. if someone was to get killed in these cars the family and friends would blame it on the cars. they could have big problems with this because it may have been prevented if the car wasnt driveless. my third and final reason is what would be the price for these cars? i know that they most likley wont be affordable for some people. yes, the rich could pay for this car because they have a lot of money and they dont have to worry about anything but thereselfs. what about the middle class and the poor? they already have to worry about there house payment and many other things. will these cars be manditory for everyone to have so we dont have driveless cars and regular cars on the road at the same time? if so many people will have some serious trouble buying the vechile because they are short on money. this is why i believe that these driveless cars are not a good idea. yes, some people may think they are the best thing ever. some may just not care. i truley believe that we will be much safer and the other cars are more dependable if we just stayed with the old fashion you drive the care with a gas pedal and a brake. new technology is a good things but in this case i think that they are taking things a little too dar.