there are a lot of mixed opinions about driveless cars. some are against it and some totally support the idea of it. i support it because i think that it will be easier and faster way to get somewhere and it can be safer which is very important. and while others are against it because it can be dangerous and involve a lot of reckless driving which can lead to accidents. technology these days have improved from before and it is better now which allows us to make better technology. sensors are very important for a driveless car and have improved over the last decade and they can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine which allows better respnse and control than human driving could manage alone. there have been furthur improvements in the sensors and computer hardwawre and software which will make driving safer and it is leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. even though some of the technology needed hasnt been made yet some believe that we are catching up to technology necessary to make a driveless car. though in the past couple of years several car brands have started developing cars that can handle driving functions such as they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves but they are all designed to notify the driver when the car requires human skills such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. manufacturers are also considering putting in cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. they are also hoping to bring in headsup dispay signs that can turned off instantly if the driver needs to take over. the incar system is actually a safety feature which is a big concern, while those who are against it think that it can be reckless driving and cause accidents and it can lead to conflicts regarding who is at fault with injuring someone. i think that as time goes technology will get better and advance more which can lead to manufacturers making driveless cars. safety is very important and i think that it can be safer and a faster way to get somewhere. there are manufacturers making cars that are not completely driveless but i think that soon we will have driveless cars selling everywhere.