many people today dont have cars. more people like to walk or ride a bikes. in vauban, germany  sold their car to move here. out of the  a feww eople just loves being without a car. in paris they enforced a parial driving ban to clear up the air of the city. in other places the city in dogota, colombia had a car free day. residents of this upscale community ar sunurban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives hvae given up their cars. the problem with this world is pollution. if more people rode their bikes, skateboards, or evene walked to whereever they are going it wouldnt be as harsh on the planet. if people stopped driving cars around we probably have more people living longer today. but we dont, so i think no one will stop driving cars and kill this beautiful planet. durning the carfree day in source , it tells how if you are caught driving you will be fine. almost , drivers were fined. people just doesnt care now a days about what we can cause in the future. beijing, china is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. in a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colomians hiked, biked, skated or took the bus to work durning a carfree day, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily dovoid of traffic jam. it was the thrid straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in the capital city of  million. the goal is to promote smog. violators faced  fines. the turnout was large, despite gray clouds the dumped occasional rain shower on bogota. street parking, driveways and home gargages are genarlly forbidden in this experimental new district on the sidewalks are not allowed and no running on the grass. president obamas ambitous goals to curb the u.s. greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in american behavior. recent studies suggest the americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. that has left reseachers pondering a fundamental question. has america passed peak driving? as of april , the number of miles driven per person was nearly  below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . if the pattern persists and many sociologists believe that it will have benefical implications for carbon emissions. many teens just are that into the whole driving thing that they rather sit in a room all day and play their games with other poeple on line. i know many of kids that go home and right when they get in the house they are all ready on the game. its just carzy how someone can just sit down all day and play and play and play on a game that isnt really that fun. as a result in the car world. cars are hurting the earth and we need to stop it. we need to stop driving everywhere and start walking. besides, most americans need exisues. so come on america, get off the couch and lets start moving.