the automobile is a production commonly used by individuals all over the world. but utilization of this transportation vehicle arouses environmental damage as well as stress. limiting car usage around the world would be greatly beneficial. limiting automobile usage would decrease hazardous rates of air pollution in regions at which cars are commonly driven. the tailpipes of cars release toxins, often produced by the automobiles fuel, that severely pollute the environment once in the air. according to experts, passenger cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to ...in the united statessource . this amplifies the dangerous impact automobiles have on the environment. paris, a carusing country, reached extreme levels of smog due to automobile emissions. according to reuters, paris had  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic matter compared with  in brussels and . in londonsource . due to this, a ban was made on car usage and the smog eventually cleared. automobiles emissions of greenhouse gases are utterly harmful for the environment. decreasing the utilization of automobiles would also ease stress levels among the community. in vauban, germany, cars are practically forbidden causing the suburbs streets to be free of the persistent humming of a motor. when i had a car i was actually tense. im much happier this way,source  says heidrun walter, a citizen of the carfree city. this illustrates how the loss of automobiles can bring tranquility to a region. bogota, columbia hosts the day without cars, a day where the driving of an automobile is not permitted. according to andrew selsky, due to this occasion, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks and rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut trafficsource . lowering the usage of automobiles would relieve individuals of tensity caused by driving. automobiles are an excemplary form of transportation but their impact isnt as beneficial for other purposes. car emissions of greenhouse gases promote global warming and traffic only tenses drivers. limiting the utilization of these vehicles would decrease if not diminish their negative impacts on the world.