the world has become a plastic bag of pollution, sufficating its inhabitants and holding in all the problems in this world. the major, and simply solved, problem is automobiles. citizens should reduce car usage to improve there lives and take advantages of the benfits that follow. the people of germany, paris, columbia, and the united states has, at least, tasted the benefits of such a simple change. vauban, germany has recreated itself to become a carfree community. residents agree with and support the cause saying  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this waydoc . the stressors caused by money problems and dangers from cars, make the people of the world stressed. in addition to the relaxing effect of this kind of community, this life style reduces the amount of greenhouse gas emission expelled from tailpipes that is choking citiesdoc . in this specially made community, cities are denser, with more public transportation and overall a cheaper way of life. the enviormental protection agency agrees, this is a change for the better. paris, france has gone to the nessisary extent of a partial driving ban to clear the air from the cancerous smog on the city. after banning a majority of cars from the rode, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smogdoc . thats all it took, one day to make a difference, but most people of the world cannot fathom a day without their car. with the amount of people moving around this global beauty, smog covers the city, and yet nothing serious has been permanently done about it. bogata, columbia has a special day every year a carfree day created to promote the use of alternate transportation and reduce smog. citizens and businessmen all support the cause, when one day made into  a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower pollutiondoc . although one day isnt nearly long enough to undo the harm that cars have done to the world, but at least it raises awareness that can spread even quicker, than a thickening smog, throughout the world. the united states has demonstated the effects of their awareness of these problems. evidence and researchers both notice and support that people are getting  fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer liscensesdoc . the decline can be tied to not being able to afford a car, but evidence refutes that by saying that it is a more fundamental revalation. people are starting to become aware of the endless benefits of a carfree world, but are stuck in this world which is consumed by them. stuck in this automobilecentered world, people cannot see nor fathom the idea of no automobiles, and believe it to be impractical and undesirable. but if the world were to alter itself, to better accomidate this lifestyle, cities would represent a whole new meaning,  pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, comerical and public transportation traffic woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safetydoc .with some changes, people will soon see the world in a new light. one city, state, nation, and world at a time will make the change. my fellow citizens, join me, in this revolution to evolve this incompatent world.