in todays world, almost anything is possible. from driving cars that dont need gas to reading the facial expressions of a painting made hundreds of years ago. however, one area that still needs possible improvement is the classroom. over many decades, schooling has remained extremely similar. yes, with the introduction of technology into the classroom, students are able to do things today that was never possible before. in the modern classroom, teachers continue to try their hardest to fit lessons to the liking of their students. but when a student is bored, the teacher cannot always recognize that and change the composition of the lesson. with the invention of facial action coding system, or facs, computers are now able to read the emotions of humans. by introducing facs into the classroom, the education of students will be more fit to their learning style which can help students to absorb information and put the future of america into good hands. the facs technology provides teachers with an opportunity to mold lessons to individual students and to keep them engaged. one way to do this would be to install simple instructions for classroom computers so that it could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, and then inform the teacher and the teacher can find a way to alter the lesson. for example, if a student goes to their science class and the teacher is standing at the front of the room lecturing, the student will begin to become bored. the facs software would then be able to inform the teacher and he or she could find a way to make the lesson more interactive. another application that would be helpful in schools would be in psychology classrooms. by integrating this software into psychology classrooms, students would be able to learn human emotions with a much more handson experience. instead of a teacher simply telling them how to read the emotions of humans and how the human face manipulates the muscles to express emotion, the teacher would be able to show the workings of the facs software and explain to the students how each persons face can vary. in the end, the implementation of this software into the classroom would be beneficial to the teachers and the students. the teachers would be able to teach lessons that keep students engaged and the students would be able to absorb more information if the lesson is altered to their learning style. by not implementing this technology into the classroom, schools are losing opporunities to improve the learning of their students and the teaching of their teachers.