driverless or driverfull ? do you enjoy driving ? what if you could drive a car thats driverless ? a driverless car isnt like a real car , and nor is a real car like a driverless car . driverless cars comes with alot of errors , but it also is a good source of transportation . driverless cars has a higher chance of faster trasportation , carries more fuel , but also all drivers still need to be alert when driving a driveless car . google cofounder sergey brin envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of diverless cars form a public  transport taxi system . the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus . google cars also have a bit of a rough patch . although , the car is driveless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues , such as navigating through roadwork or accidents . even though goggle driveless cars are cool , who wants to be on alert at all times  for that you might as well drive the car by yourself . the cars come with alot of built in technology that will cost a fortune to repair if anything happens or need to be repaired . google modified toyota prius uses position  estaimating sensors on the left rear wheel , a rotating sensor on the roof , a video camera mounted near the rearview mirroe , four automotive radar sensors , a gps receiver , and an intertial motion sensor. wow ! thats alot of technology built in one car . when operating a driverful orignial car , that much technology from the google car is half their . out of all the technology thats put in the car  the most important bit of technology in the google car is the spinning sensor on the roof . it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating   d model of the cars surroundings. the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless google car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel . the car can handle driving functions up to  mph . these cars arent really driverless , but with the sensors the car can steer , accelerate , and brake themselves. also , gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into a object . the google car announces when a driver should take over , but why go through the hastle , the time , and the money for the expensive car  when you can rock it old school with a new bwm or a regular , safer , enviormental safe driverfull original car .