you have just found out that there is a face on mars. the only question is is there a face on mars? i am here to tell you that there is not a face on the planet mars. the reason that it is not a face on mars is the time it was taken, that there are butte or mesas on mars, and the amount of pixles it was taken in. my first reason that there is not a face on mars is the time it was taken. back in , which was not a long time ago, but technology has changed inbetween the photographs. their was new technology, but it was not as advanced as it is in , or . like the sentence in paragraph  stating  a huge rock formation. . . which resembles a human head. . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. the statement is saying that it was not face, but a mere illusion given by the shadows. the next reason to prove that there is no face on mars is there are butte,and mesa on mars, and on earth. a butte,and a mesa is a  lave dome that takes form of an isolated mesa.as it says in paragraph  also.  about the same heights as the face on mars the paragraph is stating that there are objects on earth like the ones on mars, but we dont get the reflection of the sun on mars, like we do on earth. my last proving that there are is not and never will be a face on mars is the amount of pixles it was taken in and the resolution. as paragraph  states captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximun resolution. the camera in , was more advanced than the one in , but in paragraph is also states each pixel in the  images spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  photo. the camera in  was only  meters per pixel, while the one in  has . meters per pixel, keep in mind that they were at their best resolution, thats over a  decrease in the pixels in a matter of  years. in conclusion, science has came a long way from the original picture, and the scientist worked hard to prove that there was no life face on the planet. i have done my part of trying to covince you that there is no life, but the final question will be will you believe me or not?