even though the article about driveless cars are coming state both positive and negative aspects of driveless cars, an argument from me will help give a better understanding. the narrator of this article think that the driveless car can change the future. i think it can change the future but yet harm people in the furture. the driveless car isnt such a bad idea but i will explain how it can and cant be a good idea. the driveless car isnt such a bad idea because it can help certain people. now some older people in ther s or s cant drive. most of the time they have to ask for rides from there children or grandchildren, in which can be annoying cause who really wants to ride with younger people. then here comes the driveless car, an older person in which i feel will be more safe in this car because they are more careful then younger people. the driveless car can help the elders get where they need to go without them driving. they can get in the car and just pay attention to the road. this can stop some several problems between family, because little arguments cause the older person needs a ride can tear a family apart, but with the driveless car everything will be better in that case. the driveless car can be a bad idea because it can cause problems with teens. now we do have teens driving and really drive out of control. the driveless car is dangers because some teens dont drive safe, they like to get reckless and show out. so lets say a teen get this driveless car and think its pretty cool, so of course their gone to want to show it off. the teen drives one day and thinks its okay to text and drive and an accident happens. so now theres death and causes that this car isnt safe. a teen is the main people who text and drive now with regular cars. theres a slight differences with the regular car and the driveless car dealing with teens. the regular keeps a team eyes on a road more then it will on a driveless car. a driveless car remember you arent driving so a teen will be more focused on their phones instead of the road. while using a regular car a teen have to focus on the road and his or her car and eventually they will justcput the phone down. in short a driveless car in my perspective the car is safer for elders then teens because elder are more controling. a elder person is going to be safer because they pay attention to the road and other drivers around him or her. a teen doesnt really pay attention at all times because him or her is checking their phone and dont mind other drivers.