venus is the nearest planet to our earth. exploring it will be an important job because people do not a lot about venus. the author support his idea of studying venus despite dangers condition such us high temperatures, atmospheric pressure, and each previous mission have be fallen. venus the nearest planet to our planet have a very high temteratures. high temperature makes hard for atronomers to explore venus but the author still want to learn more about it. the article state astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. that quot show how much the aeronautic and apace administration wanted to explore our nearest planet, and because people know a little about venus the nasas want to know about it. the author still show that he want to explore venus despite atmospheric pressure. the atmospheric pressure is about  times greater than what people experience here on earth. the author state that recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. the quot shows that he wanted to explore venus long time a long, and he is doing what he can now to be able to go to venus. he still have faith that one day he will to venus despite many challenges. some previous mission have fallen because of the spacecraft was not good enough, but now there working on making on new spacecraft that will be able to land for faw days or weeks to be able to explore more about venus. the article state that some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating that chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condions. the quot shows that they are working on new electronics to help them explore venus, and learn more about it. the author do not want to let dangers or doubts to stop the from exploring venus. venus the closest planet to our planet have a lot things that people do no know about it. but despite bad condetion the author as coclude to not let an thing stop him from exploring venus. people knows that exploring venus will be hard work to accomplish. many of us are hoping that soon they will be able to accomplish their dream.