can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore ? well no i cant really imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore . i cant imagine that because theres always gonna be a time where you need to go somewhere  your gonna need transportation to get you there . if there were no cars in the future so many lives would be so miserable because who would wanna walk everywhere they need to go? i know i would get tired of walking . theres so many places where people need to be on time but only with some kind kind of transpotation . life wouldnt be so great without cars because just even walking the house or even to go down the street for something important would really get annoying  tired . when reading paragraph  it talks about how bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant in . well just because there were alot of trafic jams in  doesnt mean just think about the future without any cars . we need transpotation everywhere we go. i know that theres many of ways for transportation but walking , i dont think thats really a great idea knowing that we walk   days out of the whole year . having a car  knowing that you can drive it around anytime you would like to is actually good , because even though the gas that you put in your car goes up a dollar or  every week doesnt just give up or think about not having cars in the future. there are teenagers all over the world that are looking foward to getting them a car when they get older  even teens and adults now that are wishing that they could get them a car. my position on driveless cars is that what is a driveless car if you still need a driver to drive the car ? you will always need someone to drive the car even if it is a driveless car. there are car crashes everywhere you go , but you can always fix that problem by sharing the road with the other drives . watching out for other drivers and the people that are walking is a big step of getting behind the wheel . making sure that there arent other people in the way so that you will not hit them  even following the rules of the road , like making sure that you stop at stop signs  even waiting for your turn to turn while driving. theres no need to imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore.