venus points of danger. venus cant be explored since everything that we caused to go there havent made it since the surface is burning hot at around  fahrenheit which can burn many of our technology.not even space crafts that we sent out wouldnt be able to survive on there planet since it is  degrees fahrenhiet which means most of our current technology arent suitable for this kind of absured planet that we are not used to by anyway shape or form. we cant even make experimental work on it instantly since it could be burning us and our transportation there in a second or if were lucky over a minute. our technology isnt suitable for this kind of heat and not used to this planet since no body has every took a step on this planet since it could horrificly burn us alive in a matter of seconds.the atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide which is nothing to our used to planet and the atmospheric pressure is  times as greater than what we experianced. could burn us in matter of seconds and liquefy many of our materials now and has a hotter surface than any of our other planets that we have ever known in our solar system so we have less information and not a good amount of time for being in the planet. rocky surface include valleys , mountains and craters which is worse for the quality of the surface and us landing on it would be terrable because, even from thirty or more miles away from the planet it would be  degrees fahrenhiet which it almost double of what earth has for summer which could almost make us faint,passout and have a heat stroke. researchers can not take items away from the planet since the heat is to strong and we have no technology to surpass the heat it contains. we simulated choas of venus surface and have tested for three weeks in such coditions. the gears we have will not require electronics at all which will be hard for us to discover and research on when we cant see even in a peek of communication . a lack of communication for everyone and cant be able to find more information about it if no one could describe it face to face.many natrual disasters would be involved as well since it has eruption volcanoes and frequent lighting strikes to the point where that planet is hard and unsafe to investagte but, some do still since the investigation will help everyone in the world to figure out how much stuff or things it could do when something happends to it which hopefully nothing does since it safer than veus that could be our second planet to have life there in the future. large body of waters is in the planet and it could be terrible surfaceses and form. oceans could effect the natrual disasters and could enworsing it since the water could have a huge impact and a have a huge part of the disasters. could be surivale to some humans since it is like our home and planet but, just another planet and it has alot of simularites as earth and could maybe be our next planet to live on just incase something happens but, we should first experiment and have a good amout of information about this hot planet before anybody takes a step into the planet which is highly risky to take a step since all of the natrual disasters are huge and are able to kill any human being who has habitat on venus.