when each person drives a dieselgussling car, it is like several thousand smoke covered knives being thrown at the soft protective blanket up in the sky. pollution is destroying our ozone and our environment, but now we need to face our ramifications. autos are causing cities to form new laws banning these leeches from being driven. car usages should be limited, because if we dont, our pollution will be worse than it already is, and using a healthy alternative to transportation will lead to a healthier life style. pollution produced by our main method of transportation is killing our planet. we live on the wonderful planet earth which has been generous to provide us with a home and food so we can survive, but when our home is destroyed, we will soon become extinct. global warming is a famous term heard around the globe, and this word is not used lightly. our world is heating up due to the many green house gasses produced by the emisions of the cars we use. these green house gasses can not escape our atmosphere which then is heated up by the sun and is melting our polar ice caps. these ice caps, not only will flood multiple cities, killing thousands if they do not escape in time, but they also hold our natural fresh water reserve. the green house gasses are affectng our seas and our skies as well. an article called paris bans sriving due to smog , written by robert duffer, states that congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of internsifying smog... the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. beijing is also one of the worlds most populated countries. the terrifying smog and the rising seas are not the only factors leading to our demise. the green house gasses are producing holes in our ozone that protect us from harmful sun rays. without the ozone, the world would not be habitable because of all the cancer humans will have by just standing in direct sunlight. we are the world, and by killing the world, we eradicate our whole species. we need to help our world with some healthy substitutions to cars. there are several different ways transporation could be healthy for both the enviroment and ourselves. the worlds obeisity population is higher than ever. an average amount of calories we need to consume per day is about  calories and most of the world are consuming way over that limit. if we supply bicycles to cities, we could burn off those extra calories by just going to public places, events,and even jobs. biking and walking to places not only work out your physical apearance, but also keeps our mind healthy. exercise trigger neurotransmitters in your brain to fire off endorphins, like adrenaline, which keeps your body moving and working without putting strain on your muscles. exercise also fires off dopamine in your mind which produces a sense of joy. elisabeth rosenthal wrote an article named  in german suburb, life goes on without cars  which interviews people from germany about their lifestyle. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. life is much more jovial with no cars, and germany knows it. there are already different countries that have moderated and replaced their walking smoke factories to their fat burning bikes. we need to follow in their foot steps and moderate if we do not want to be left in the dark ages. the government needs to limit the amount of usages for cars, because the constant use of autos will lead to out doom via pollution, and without cars, people are more likley to live more healthy and happy lifestyle.