technology is important in most students every day lives. we use our cell phones or maybe even our computers all the time. since we use technology so often, i think it is a good idea to produce technology that can understand us. that is why i believe that using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom would be very valuable. in paragraph  of the article dr. huang predicted a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. if computers can recognize a students emotions this may help that student learn in a new way that was never thought to be possible. for example, if a student is struggling with the same type of math problems and is receiving poor grades on a test, how will the teacher know how to help this student? if the computer senses confusion on these same types of math problems the students is answering incorrectly, a teacher could go back and look at these results and realize that the student is confused on these problems. this type of technology could help not just your average student but even students that struggle in school and need extra help. most people understand how to work technology like a computer, but can a computer understand us? dr. huang stated in the article that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so computers need to understand that, too. it is important for our technology to understand us, that is what dr. huang is trying to achieve with the facial action coding system. technology that understands humans could greatly benefit the needs of students in a classroom. a computer could learn an individual students learning style and accomodate according to that students emotions. it could change the difficulty or easiness of certain tasks according to how a student feels about certain questions. that is why it is important for technology to understand how humans work and feel. we as humans use technology all the time, wether that be at home, at work, or in the classroom. when it comes to students in a classroom, technology can be extremely helpful. that is why it is important to have technology that cannot only read human emotions, but help a struggling student or accomodate to a specific students needs in the classroom.