in the text the challenge of exploring venus the author talks about what venus is like and the dangers of learning about it. the author uses many statements and examples on why its important to learn about venus even though it is dangerous, many quotes in this text by the author support the feeling he has on why venus should be explored. the author strongly believes that venus should be learned about and explored because it is the closest thing to earth and it could really help us in the future if we learn more about venus,venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. although the author knows how dangerous it can be researching venus,each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours, he still thinks it needs to be researched though. the author says, scientists seeking to conudct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks, this shows that the author believes that despite all of the dangers and risks of peoples lifes, exploring venus still needs to be done, is very important to us, and looking from it a far isnt going to get all of the informating we need. the author also says,our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this quote by the author explains how strongly he thinks exploring venus should be done up close, no matter what the dangers or obstacles are. he strongly believes that exploring venus is very important to our future lives and if we let fear get in the way of learing about it then we have failed, because he thinks no fear should get in the way of learning. the author of this text really supports the idea of facing some challenges and dangers to get some informating on the planet venus. the author shows how strongly he feels about his opinion throughout this text. he gives multiple reasons on how dangerous it is and how important it is in learning about venus, but he strongly thinks we shouldnt let our fears of something keep us from learning something so important to us and our future.