in the challenge of exploring venus the author says that venus is important to study. however, the author mostly talks of how we could explore venus rather than tell us why its important to, but never addresses why its important. in the challenge of exploring venus the author mainly talks of how we would be able to explore venus but, never really explains why its more important than another planet that we can actually explore such as mars. on venus the atmosphere is mainly made up of carbon dioxide a compund that is highly poisonious to humans. without oxygen present the explorers would have to carry oxygen tanks around that only last for a short amount of time. this means we would have to use rovers to explore the surface until we find a way to be able have more oxygen to be able to explore longer. another problem that rises to the occasion is the unbearable heat, storms, and natural disastors happening constantly on venus. with all these problems a rover wouldnt be able to last more than a few hours. meaning this important study is not only a waste of valuable time but money that can be used on projects that would be more completable such as putting a person or group on mars. the author states that despite all the dangers present its still a worthy presuit. lets say in  years we found a way around all of that and landed a rover on venus that was capable of lasting a month. the rover goes around takes samples of rocks but sees nothing that was really astonashing, now imagine those rock samples match some of those on earth. thats great we found a link to the past, but thats nothing to go crazy over we still have other problems such as putting humans on there that are able to bear the uninhabitale conditons and bringing machines and technology over to do more studies that will show why it was important to get to venus. overall, the author doesnt explain why its important they just state it. all the problems brought up were unable to be addressed and it just sounds like a bigger waste of time and money as the author goes on, because we do not know whats out there. there could be noting and there could be something we just dont know. the author doesnt state any evidence as of why its important therefore the author doesnt support there idea.