when i think of driverless cars i think of cars driving down the road with no one in them, but i also think of how many problems could go wrong with these cars. people could get hurt in a car accident because of something the driverless cars do. i am against the driverless cars for these reasons they are unsafe, unreliable, and so many things could go wrong with them. if the driver that is suppose to be in the driverless car falls asleep and the car alarm doesnt go off when in need of help it could crash and the individual in the driverless car could die from the crash. i feel the car is unreliable for that reasoning. these cars are unsafe because if the car was to get out of control and the individual of the car couldnt control it because it was to hard to control it could hit a kid or a adult. so many things could go wrong with these driverless cars. it could be that the individuals that are suppose to take over did something wrong but if they didnt have to take over in the first place then there would be less accidents. in conclusion i feel like the driverless cars are going to be a waste of time and money because they are going to result in more deaths and traumas. more car accidents are going to be reported every year and the individuals of the driverless cars are going to be held responsible because it would be there fault when really it was the driverless car that got out of control. google cofounder sergey brin says such cars would fundamentally chage the world. i believe that the only way these cars are going to chage the world is cause more deaths and injuries in the world and its going to be the faults of the cars and the individuals inside the driverless cars are going to get charged with the charges because they are suppose to be the drivers of these so called driverless cars . if they are so driverless the why do they have to have individuals take over whenever they are in need of help? i believe the way things are going now are just fine. you dont see humans calling for help when there is a wreck or roadwork so why should so called smarter driverless cars need the help of humans if they are suppose to be taking our places on the road?