for many people, including myself, we have days when we are happy, optomistic, and just in a good mood for whatever reason. then we have days where are sad, pesemistic and overall just in a bad mood. on paragraph eight of this paasage it states that faces dont lie. while i do think that is true i do not think we are at a point where this technology can be accurate enough for us to be able to determine our emotions. although i do not think it is accurate right now i do believe that in the future technology will able to accurately read our faces and find our emotions and this article shows why and how it is possible. the first way that this passage shows us how emotion reading is possible is by bringing us an example in paragraph one of the mona lisa. the paragraph says that she is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. this example right here is meant to show us how the technology can work but brings us more questions that we hopfully get answers for. in paragraph three lots of backround information is given to us so that we can get an idea on how they were able to determine what the emotions of the girl in painting are. the author talks about the main emotions humans show and how technology can now allow us to mimick the muscles that humans have in their face and the movments they can make. in paragraph four the author elaborates a bit more on the technology and how it can be used to search for those mixed emotions. the author cites quotes from dr. huang, one of the main people behind the project, in order to give insight to the readers who may not fully belive that reading emotions through technology is possible. in paragraph five it states that if everday normal humans can also read at the very least the basics of human emotions based on how a human looks. it could most certainly be possible for a computer to do it but better as well. in paragraph six dr. huang talks about the possible futures this technology can go with more advances. he says that if your computer can read your emotions it can help a student with their homework or exlcude ads that do not appeal to that person. he also discusses about how versatile the technology is and that it can be used in order to improve the facial exressions for characters in video games while maintaining a more realsitic look that many video games have. in the last two paragraphs it shows how you can try to recognize some emotions yourself like a computer would. i do think that this technology will go somewhere and has the potential to be able to with the rate that it is going. being able to read the emotions of the girl in the mona lisa is already an impressive accomplishment. for the time being we will have to wait and see where it goes but i know that i as well as many others are very excited to see when this type of technology will be integrated with everyday life.