wow! did you know that venus have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system? it was the second planet from our sun. venus is very similar to earth. it was often called earths rwin. it was one of the brighest points of light in the night sky. scienctist tried to study venus but they could not because they dont have devices that can stay longer than a week on venus. the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. next, venus is very similar to earth. the venus was often called earths twin because if you look at the venus the color was blue and they believed taht venus was probably covered largely with oceans. venus is the closet planet to earth in terms of density and size and the distance are closest too. just like in earth the venus has a surface of rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. it was our nearest option for a planetary visit. it was one of their challenge to get to venus and study about it. the astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. second, photography and videography, and researches cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scienctist tried to study the venus but they couldnt because they dont have any techonology that can be sent to venus. sometime they thought that sending people to venus but since it was dangerous. they made electronics made of silicon carbide and they tested it. at first, it was work but it only last for onw week. now, they are looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. this devices doesnt electronics it was faster, faster, and flexible. this deviced were used in the s to s during world war ll. sometime, when it is very hot other mental things are meling but this devices can ne made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. finally, the author suggests taht studing venus is a wothry persuit despite the dangers it presents. i also think that it was worth to study even it is dangerous because this is so fanastining and very intersecting. venus is very similar to earth and it will be very cool if we could learn about it. in the reading says our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. it means that there are many other things in other planet no matter how dangerous it is we should be seek to it. the author talk more about positive than negative about venus. even when the author is talking about bad things but they always end in nice way. in conclution, venus was very similar to earth. scienctist tried to study venus for a long time but they could not sucesses because they are lack of devices and the author suggests that studying venus is worth pursuit despite the dangers it presents. they have tried several time but they coud not sucesses. i hope that that they will be sucesses this time and if they are sucesses it will give us a lot of knowledege. we already been to moon so i think they will find out how to get onto venus. even if they can not achieve in this generation. i think they will be achieve in the nect generation because technology kept improving each day.