on may ,  a viking  spacecraft was circling the planet mars and had took a pitcure of a huge rock forming a human face new high resolution images and d altimerty from nasas mars global survey spacecraft reveal the face on mars of what it really is which is a mesa. evidence from the text shows that when nasa first seen this picture that they thought nothing of it for the simple fact that it has been seen in areas in west america thats natural and so they thought it was a martain mesa. this is making them believe that is was just another martain mesa. when the nasa revelaed the pictures they made a caption that said huge rock fromation. . . which resembles to a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes,nose, and mouth later on this image was talked about alot because many believe that there used to be alien life form on mars. on april ,  mars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look at this huge rock froming a human head. they noticed that this was just another rock and that there was no sign of alien life form on mars. in the text nasa said that they revealed this photo to the world to engage the public and attract attetion to mars. but not everyone was satisfied the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. prehaps, said skeptics alien marking were hidden by haze but there were no real evidence to prove it were alien marks made. nevertheless on april ,  when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a pitcure ten times sharper then the original photo the new pitcure revealed that is was just a natural landfrom and that there were no alien monument on mars after all. nasa says that the face looks like a egyptian pharaoh. what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west.thats a lava dome that takes the from of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. with evidence from the text there were no signs of real alien life form and that the face was just a huge rock formed to look like a face. therefore nasa has published the photos to gain attetion to them and to mars as well. when nasa said that the face on mars looked like common landforms around the american west.