in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. using the details, i believe that driverless cars could be a good idea. they could malfunction and cause an very bad car accident, they arent realiable because in some states they arent allowed to test car that run alone, and it would be animosity between the citizens and manufacturers. first and formost one reason i believe that the car would be an bad idea today is because the makings of the so called driverless cars could happen to have a glitch in the system and break. for emaple, in the article it states these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. this quote states with before making that cars they would have to fix and upgrade things, but they are making these smart cars without doing so. in taking that action the car could stop working whenever which wouldnt be safe for us espically with the major highways and intersections we have on busy streets. another reason the driverless cars would not be safe for us, is because you cant depend on them to function properly. in the text it states, presently traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most sates it is illegal even to test computer driven cars, calidornia, nevada, flordia, and the district of columbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semiautonomous cars. in this quote it shows that not many states in the u.s. truely believe that these cars are safe itself. you can tell because they dont test the cars and without tests the cars it is no true evidence that theyre safe it drive in. lastly, i believe the driverless cars arent safe is because it would cause drama and animosity between the citizens and manufacturers. for example the article quotes  if the techology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this part of the article shows that when an accident ocurrs with the driverless cars the court of law, policie officers, or the makers of the model wont know who to put the blame on for the cause. that is a bad idea because also in the text it states,  such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over. i took this quote into consideration because it could be an very bad incident and the driver blames the incident on the car but the investigators wouldnt know who to put the blame on. either the driver becasuse they could have turned the funtion off before the incident happened and they were in control the whole time, or the manufacturers because theu driver may have tried to turn the function off to take control of the car but it malfunctioned which causes it to stop working. these are my reasons on why to not use driverless cars and keep the nice ones we have. the models that we drive in today work well and may have bad functions, but they are functions that can be fixed in an auto shop. or the parts of the car can be found in an autopart store.