abolishing the electoral college would be the best way to go for everyone. under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electos, who in turn elect the president. source , plumer some wonder, are the people in the electoral college even reliable? many also believe that the electoral college is an unfair way of deciding whom the president will be. the electoral college is also flawwed in a way that it makes the smaller states feel less important than the bigger states. are the people in the electoral college always reliable? who even knows who chooses our electoral college? voting citizens cant even control who the electoral college votes for sometimes, this is unjust and an outrage consitering us citizens do the moral duty to vote and may not even get a fair outcome anyways. and, there are some cases in which voters get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate. source , plumer this winner takes all system is a big mess and highly unnescissary. not to mention, it is also a very unfair way of deciding. some question if the electoral college is a fair way of voting. which it is not. the electoral college can cause an unfair vote to the presidents which also upsets us citizens. what if say, , people vote in florida, , for president , and , for president , and the electoral college sends it off as president  gets the vote for that college. but then, that , vote difference could have changed the vote for president country wide. a scenario like this may be unlikely, but it is possible. it has already happened once, it would be a shame if it did again. chance of a situation like this draws a lot of people away from voting for president. another unfair scenario was in  when a tie would have occured if a mere , voters in ohio and , voters in hawaii had voted the other way. source , plumer the electoral collage is bound to cause a catastrophe and we should stop it before it does. the elctoral college is also unfair in a way that smaller states votes do not feel as important. some people in the smaller states even say they havent seen a campaign poster throughout an entire election because canidates feel as if campaigning isnt important in places that only have  or  electoral colleges. if we had a popular vote society, people in smaller states would feel like their vote is as important as those in the bigger states. overall, the electoral college is higly unfair way of deciding anything. it should be abolished before it turns into a problem. many can agree that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. source , plumer