in the challenge of exploring venus i disagree with the authors claim strongly. one of the reasons i diagree with this claim is because in the passage it sayseach previous mission was unamnned ,and for a good reason,since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this tells me as a reader that why should we take such a big risk on losing so much money on a mission if we can barely survive on the surface for a few hours. also the clouds on venus are made out of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. the surface tempature on venus averages  degrees fahrenheit,and the atmospheric preasure on venus is  times greater then what humans experience on earth. this tells me as a reader that trying to explore venus would be a great challenge and would have a lot of consequences to it. the idea of nasa of having a blimp like vehicle hovering  miles above the roiling venusian landscape is basically pointless. the humans that would live on these vehicles would have to live through harsh conditions but they can survive. why would you put someones life in danger and have them suffer for a planet that we cannot live..even if we did this mission we wouldnt be able to take photographs and videography since the atmosphere is so thick. in the passage also saysmore importantly,researchers cannot take samples of rock,gas,or anything else from a distance. this means that we wouldnt be able to take anything off the planet and all the mission would be good for is sightseeing. in conclusion i disagree with the author and his claim saying that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. the reason i say this is because exploring venus has to many risks and it could cost lives of humans. in my point of view humans are priceless and they should not risk their lives on a planet that is not habitable. also even if the mission was sucessful we would not gather many samples on venus due to the fact that the atmosphere is so thick and the conditions on venus is unhabitable. i personally believe that maybe in the future we should have a mission to venus ,but right now knowing all the risks that exploring venus has, that we should work on the technology more and make sure that in the future exploring venus and learning more about it will be possible in the future.