cars are part of our daily routines, they have been around for so long that we cant even remember when they first showed up, but did you know that people are starting to use other means for transportation?. studies have shown that the number of miles driven in the united states has dropped steadily ever sice , and as of april , the number of miles driven per person was  percent below the the peak. part of the reason lies in the recession, americans with a low income cant afford to buy new cars not mentioning the unemployed, and now that recovery is under way, the next few years will be telling if the decrease will stop, or continue. but looking at the bright side, if the pattern persists and many believe it will it will be beneficial towards carbon emissions and the enviroment, without considering the fact that car transportstion is one of the largest source of americas emitions. america isnt the only country that has seen a major decrease in car transportation, other places have taken steps to decrease the use of cars. for example, in vauban, germany, the residents of this community have given up their cars, thats right!, vaubans are completely carfree. owning a cars is allowed, but they vanly be parked in two places, garages that can be purchased for ,, and of course, a home. as a result, seventy percent of the popullation does not own a car. but why are they doing this?. well, automobiles are used widely all around the globe, and that id a huge impediment to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. cars are responsable for  percent of green house emissions in europe... and up  percent in some carintesive area in the united states, thats why some places are triying to stop using vehicles, the advantage of not using cars relies on the fact that cars are dangerous to our planet, and we have to take care of our planet. finallyand most importantlyfrance and colombia are taking major steps to fight the overuse of cars. sice paris has more smog than any other european capital, motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine. the same would apply to oddnumberd plates the following day, as a result congestion was down  percent in paris after  days. and in bogota, colombia, there has been a carfree day for over three years now in an attempt to promote alternative transportation, peole who refuse not use their cars are fined with a  dollar fine, because of this, the turnout has been large. and it has led to the construction oh  miles of bicycle paths. so.... do you still want to use car?... or a bicycle?.