waking up early on a monday morning is already horrible, but the traffic is worse. imagine a car that could drive for you, while you can relax. sounds great, only your self driving car doesnt drive through traffic, roadwork, or accidents. throughout the last decade many car companies have developed prototypes of driverless cars, though none are really driverless, in some states they are illegal to drive, and have many safety concerns, developing this car would make humans lazier than we already are. this driverless car would cause more harm than good, by creating this car we are inabling humans. these cars are still developing, to respond to the varying safety regulations that need to be made for this model. foremost they want to adress the saftety aspects of when the car needs the human to take over. although this car is said driverless in certain situations such as, when pulling in or out of driveways, responding to traffic issues, driving through roadwork, and accidents. this feature of the car puts many people off. when they hear a driverless car they expet a car where their presence is not needed to steer through traffic. though the car has many sensors to navigate through traffic, it is still necessary for the human to drive through obsticals. the sensors being used are suppose to mimic a humans driving skills, then why can it not navigate through traffic, without the use of a human? to many these cars may still seem as a good investment, but what about the government? driving laws are written for the mindset of a human. as a result, in most states it is illegal to even test computerdriven cars. driverless cars are coming states such as, california and flordia have allowed limited use of semiautonomus cars. once the safety of the cars is superb it is expected that more states will follow their lead. also, the question of, whose fault is it for an accident? for cars that include the help of a human to navigate through some situations, it could be blamed on the human. yet, for cars that are the sole drivers, and do not require a humans assistance, accidents could be blamed on the manufacturer. this could create many law suits and conflicts between automobile companies that produce these cars and the owners. waking up to drive in traffic may be annoying, but it is safer than trusting a driverless car. with the safety problems yet to be fixed, laws prohibiting the usage, and the need for humans to still pay attention, it makes for the driverless car to be undesirable to most. these cars may improve in the future but, i am still against their production.