thre has been no spacecraft to ever land there more than a couple hours. that means it would be immpossible for any human or any living thing to even enter its thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets. this explains why the author is explaining why the pursuit is dangerous, a long time ago the autor stes that venus probaly had a ocean like earth and many other forms of life as well, and just because it can be really dangerous to try to even visit venus that does not mean we will not try. the author suggests that studdying venus is a worthy pursuit despite dangers it presents and it could be immpossible. the author states that on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet para.. this explains the accertion because it would kill us as soon as we enterted in the atmosphere. so that would mean that it would be very dangerous to pursuit venus. a long time ago venus was just like earth. the autor states that long ago, venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth para . this explains that earth wasjust like earth a long time ago because it was covered largely with oceans. another reason it was just like earth was it could have supported many other forms of life as well. just because its really dangerous to pursuit venus that doesnt mean we are going to stop trying to send people to venus. the national aeroand space administration nasa has stated that nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape para . nasa explained that it would be really dangerous to pursuit venusbut they have ways around it. they said they would go  miles above the surface so they would not harm the people. the author states that it would be dangerous or impossible. but that does not mean we wont have some brave people that are willing to try. nasa is working on a plan that could make this pursuit possible.