limiting car usages is becoming more popular everyday. different places in the world are starting new days and such to limit the use of automobiles. things such as just a day of limiting people from using their car is making a difference in the world. limiting car usage can be an advantage becuase it is helping create new enviroments and is also changing old enviroments for the better. the communities are being designed to help people live a different and new way. the only forms of transportation are walking and biking places. these towns however have everything built to fit this life style. in a german suburb the residents are required to not have a car in order to live in that community. if they must have a car, there is only two places to park it, a large garage at the edge of this development. in these garages a carowner would buy a space for , along with a home. with this as a factor,  percent of families in this vauban communties do not own cars and  percent sold a car to move to this new, happier suburb. in source , it is said that the plans of making cities better for walking is finally happening. in source  a businessman said its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. the use of cars stresses people out for various reasons. a day without cars is spreading, for example in colombia for the first time two other cities beside bogata joined in on the day where civilians would be fined for using a car. smog is a big factor nowadays aswell. cutting back on car usage is helping many cities with smog and reducing it. in paris they restricted certian cars from driving on the road on certian days and this actaully helped the enviroment a lot aswell as helping traffic. while cars are a big help in todays world they are not absolutley nessecary. cars can help you be transported from one place to another but they also hurt the enviroment in various ways. limiting car usuage is an adavantage to the world becuase not only does it help create new healthier enviroments it also is fixing the old ones and making them better for the future.