cant hide your emotions now a new software that is capable of perceiving your emotions? yes, it is a new software that can tell what your emotions are by your face experision. the new facial action coding system should be invented. people can figure out what actally that person is feeling. better ways for humans and computers to commnicate. the system can classifiy six basic emotions happiness, anger, surprise, disgust ,fear, and saddness. also, it can help people that has disablities that cant speak their emotions. who ever thought that by a new software we could even figure out emotions behind images. the software is the lastest innovation from prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute. facial action coding system enabled on mona lisa painting of leonardo da vincis. they have discoverd witht the system that she is  percent happy, percent disgusted, percent fearful, and  percent angry. at least that what accorded to some new computer fotware that can recongnize emotions. facial action coding system process began when the computer constucted a d computer model of the face. muscles in the model must move like human muscles.action unit is movement of one or more muscles. this software can get a great impact. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal oberbes dr,huang,even though indiciduals often show yaring degrees of expression. by weighting the different units,the software can idetify mixed emotions. experts can use that to show and help themselves state how others feel. on the other hand, we can already tell how a person or friend is feeling. most of us would have trouble actually looking or describing each faical trait that conveys happy,worried,etc. sometimes we can tell if our friends are scared or sad just by the way they express themselves. maybe facial action coding system is a waste of money and time to make it. we can already state how others feel by their eye or mouth expression. better ways for people and computers to communicate. the system classifiys six basic emotions happiness,surprise,anger,disgust,dear and sadness. the new software could helps experts find out how people that cant speak to know their emotions. this is why i am for it to able the facial action coding system.