i most defintely agree with the scientists behind the facial action coding system. by having the ability to read a students emotions the world of education could make huge strides. by simply altering a lesson to fit a childs personality, the lesson could become more enjoyable and less challenging for the child. dr. huang predicts that, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor. if dr. huang is in fact right about his technologys potential, children all over the world could become better educated. from my own personal experience i know that when the lesson deals with something i am less interested in i become bored, but if the lesson metions something i enjoy, then it becomes ten times easier. dr. huang also says that, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. this is one of the most important lines in the article. by saying this, dr. huang opens up a world of oppurtunities for his technology. many teachers around the world would agree that their students when talking, commuicate more with their emotions than physical words. these teachers would be able to know how their entire class was feeling as soon as they walked in. this would enhance the teachers teaching style for the day ,and increase the students learning oppurtunity. dr. huangs final arguement is also very important. he says when reffering to nonverbal human communications that, computers need to understand that to. dr. huang believes that computers must learn to read the human emotions, and i agree. this generation is becoming more and more about technology, and most schools have converted completely to technology based schooling. if every school had the ability to use the facial action coding system, the intelligence of this generation and generations to come would continue to grow exponentialy. the facial action coding system, is a huge new technology that would make huge improvements to classrooms. its ability to recognize emotions would not only benefit students, but would benefit the teachers of those students. the intelligence of our generation and genrations that preceed us will continue to grow with the use of facs.