changing the world is seemingly hard to do on this earth today. our society has made so many breakthroughs in technology and science that its hard to find someone who doesnt have the knowlege of the world in their front pocket a cell phone. however, cars that dont require a driver or that are selfdriving could be one of the biggest breakthroughs in history. imagine, ...a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. that would be magnificent! right?, maybe not. the text says that these cars would only use half the fuel of todays taxis, offer far more flexibility of a bus, and they would be driven by computer or binary code road systems. but such cars lead to the question, are they safe?. my position on this topic is, if it is not proven that these cars are sufficent and lives are being saved before they are put in danger on the road then i want no part in them. all throughout the history of technology there has always been a shadow. you cannot have any peice of technology that doesnt have difficulty, a crashing sytem, or complexity closely following. what if these seemingly robot cars happen to have a system failure and take the lives of all its passengers? who is to blame there the manufacturers? now, i do agree that the roads today are dangerous due to wreckless drivers, people driving under the ifluence among other things, but if a new automatic transportation sytsem causes more problems then what exactly is the point? sometimes its best to sit back and be satisfied with what we have before we have nothing to sit back on as well as nothing to be satisfied about. people today are so focused witht the hip and the now that us as human beings are becoming more and more disconnected everyday. we spend more time in technology then we spend with those around us and it is very heartbreaking. we arent going to live forever but some of us arent even living right now. i understand that we are trying to better our world for the generations to come but is new advanced technology really what is best? from the way we treat our planet right now there wont be any green for the next generations, well have to tell them stories and show them pictures because we took all of it away from them. so if you asked me about advancement id say im more focused on preserving. maybe instead of new cars that drive themselves, we need more people driven to save our planet. because cars dont ... fundamentally change the world. , we do.