there are many advantages to limiting car usage in america, and all around the world. as the future grows near, gas prices are skyrocketing and frankley, gas is being all used up. cities and communities are building subburbs that dont allow cars and passing laws that ban driving. many people may read this and view it as unfair or irrelevant, but we should be applauding it and considering these ideas in our own communities. vuban, gerrmany is one of the pioneer subburbs to try the following idea. in this subburb street parking, driveways, and home garages are all not allowed. instead, when you buy a house, you buy a parking space at a large garage for ,. you keep your car there while you live in the homes. some statistics back up this movement as well. in europe, cars are responsible for  of gas emissions, and in the some parts of the us, cars are responsible for up to . cutting down on driving helps the enviroment and lowers accidents and fatal driving deaths each year. paris, france is having some conflict with automobiles as well. the smog caused by the surplus of cars was filling the city and harming residents. as a result, paris had to ban driving that day and fine those who drove anyway. this was all in effort to reduce smog and pollution from the city. once the smog cleared they lifted the ban. many counties along with bogota, columbia have participated in banning cars for a day or week to reduce it bad effects on nature. even the united states is getting in on the action. over the last few years, citizens are buying fewer and fewer cars each year, suggesting americans best car days are behind us. if this pattern persists it will have major implications on carbon emmision and the enviroment. people taking the bus or biking to work have played a huge role in car sales dropping. there has also been a drop in    year olds obtaining drivers licences. instead, they prefer getting rides and carpooling with friends. as you can see limiting car usage has global effects on safety and the enviroment. america and many other cities and communities around the world realize cars effects and are moving on from them, and from what i see, im very excited.