limiting the usage of cars has a varirty of advantages. from having a less expensive life, to less air pollution, and overall a generally happier life. thinking about all the excess and stress that comes with owning a car is tiring. not to mention the hazardous effect it had on our lives. would it not be nice to just take off some of that burden off of you, and be a happier person?.let me help you out on how to achieve that. owning a car is pricey! in freiburg along with paying for your house you also have to pay for a parking garage, which comes with a hefty price. did i not mention the distance you have to walk to park? lets just say you might as well have taken the bus.car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to parklarge garages at the edge of the development,where a carowner buys a space, for ,, along with a home.source one,section two. with you alone driving to work and back everyday will tally up to over a hundred dollars spent every week, now add children into it, and their after school ativities, also add emergencies. see where this is going? sure you might need a car now and then, having a car is not a bad thing. how about carpooling? it will reduce that price you have on your gas recipts and create more time for bonding and interacting with people. health or driving? well if you are not healthy you can not drive can you? with all of the automobiles we have today it is bound to affect the earth. the smog in the air leading to that first cough that can lead to something more terminal. imagine what it would be like if you had less cars, or even no cars at all! well the capital of france tried it and the results were amazing.congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog..source two,section fourteen. now think about if that ban that paris enforced,was tried out in other countries. just that little change in the amount of cars on the road let to that difference of the pollution. probably led to a difference in someones health too. everything stated above leads to happiness, from the less expences that will have to be paid, and the less damage that the pollution will have on your health. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun waltersource one, section three.also when there are less cars on the road your community will be able to connect more and have better infranstructure, which would make them happy just like it did for the people of bogata, columbia.parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalksrushhour restrictions have dramatically cut trafficand new resturants and upscale shopping districts have been cropped up.source three,section twentyeight. overall the advantages of limiting car usage has many benefits to it. from having a less expensive life, by not having to pay for gas so often, car insurance, and evrything else that comes with it. having better health also is a advantage of the limitation of car usage. also one of the most important aspects of life, happiness comes with the limitation of using cars. so there is no reason to not try it out, there will be more benefits.