the author supports the idea of studying venus because venus was the first chose of earth before they discovered earth . also it couldve been life since their is so much water their so it can support people way of living . plus the planet has valleys , mountains, and craters just like earth does . including they are making sure that it is safe for humans to travel there . also their would be more of a different type of lifestyle on venus so humans on earth can discover a new enviorment and world . venus is a different life upon humans . extremely so that the technology we have today can out beat the technology from the s or the s . the calculations of a moder computer are powerful for the people nasa its helps prevent any physical conditions that can happen to the travlers . also the distance wouldnt be so bad for the people on earth . plus nasa is discovering on how to start life their for people who wants to start over again and be in a better year around world they can . the author also thinks that the risks arent very harmful to humans . including since the sun is so close to venus he discovered that there would be more better warmer days than winter days . venus could be the next florida for people who love to be warm . the author also states that venus is a beautiful planet from just studying the features of it so why wouldnt it be beautiful to live on . venus oxygen also is better there yes there maybe a few storms but youll never have to rely on trees for saving your life . venus also is the nearest option for a visit because if anything happen to earth where would people go ? venus of course because at this point the nasa people would have knowledge to know that the other world we have would be the next best place for us .including the value of venus is great because the farms that can be planeted their would be healiter foods for people . the water in venus is safe and is not deadly for the travelers . also it would be more cheaper and a better government there in venus . in conclusion venus has so many great values and amazing different way to look at life its self . have a different type of lifestyle when you wake up in the morning . including waking up to that nice hot weather and very sunny out . also seeing different animals . plus just having a better view at life .