the author suggests that studing venus is a worthy pursuit depite the dangers it presents. the author supported his idea of studying and understanding venus can help us in many ways. studying help will help us know more about venus which will benefit in the future. and also maybe it will be the planet where it supported life. the first reason why studying is venus is a worthy is because venus can be a very helpful planet for humanity. venus can be a planet that is the most alike planet with earth. according to the article, it says  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this show that venus can the next place like earth and where human can life. second, if venus is most earthlike planet then it mean there are some feature or some landscape that are similar with earth in venus. this will help us because it similar to where we live right now. and it will can be the second planet to live for us. according to the the text, is says lang ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this show that like earth, venus could have supported life. the author also talk about how venus has some feature that are similar to earth. how it has similar faetures like valleys, mountains, and craters. and also talk about the nearest option for a planerty visit. according to the article,  today, venus still had some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. futhermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. this mean that venus is very silimar to earth and worth studying. in conclusion, the author supports the his idea of studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger in many ways. he talk about how the venus might have been the most earthlike planet. how venus might have covered with oceans and might have supported life. and the features that venus have that are similar to earth. this shows that venus is worth studying despite the dangers.