in the united states, democracy is advertised as a method of acheiving selections, though this is unfortunantly not the case. in the united states, we, as individuals, are not permitted to a fair or equal opportunity of voting systems. vote should be popular, the will of the people of the nation, though through the electoral college, the people is denied. voting is, as far as common sense goes, the majority rule. the electoral college voting system was established during the creation of the constitution in order to secure a qualified vote an effort to diminish the will of the lesser, or unknowing. arguably, it is stated that, ..the most thoughful voters should be the ones to decide the election, or in other words the statement can easily be translated to we do not wish a nation of idiotic voters to decide our president, each individual of the nation is mindful of others and care enough to express their opinion, as it is known a is a citizens duty to vote. a duty that must be followed. in any effort to simplify this, a voter is a voter. they are all qualified. if a person cares enough about their nation to cast a ballot, without requirment, they certainly are qualified. now that the qualifications are established, the electors within the electoral college are free to do as they wish. waving a magic wand, the support of others is unimportant now, and they pull whatever they desire out of the hat, as written by bradford plumer, consider that state legislatures are technically responsiblefor picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. what happened to majority rule? people should have the direct vote of presidential candidate, however we are faced with shocking facts such as the house selection rarely dispalying the correct majority rule, the election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe. the dispicable system was established long ago for an extremely specific purpose with specific issues, which is no longer the case today. in the united states, we are not a democracy. we are a republic. ridiculusly, voters do not control the election in our republic, as shared,...over sixty percent of voters would prefer a direct election. can those expect change? ironically, no. the system would most like not allow that, and those mindful citizens would need to hope for a glance at serendipity.