venus is one of the most closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, it has provide a very challenging place to examine more closely. numerous factors contribute to venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmosphere pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. venus has the hottest surface temperature of temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional imediments like urupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. astronomers are fascinated by venus because it mat well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. venus still has some features that are analogous, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. venus can be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to llast long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide hace been tested in chamber simulathing the chaos of venuss surface.