in the article driverless cars are coming, the author presents both posotive and negative aspects of driverless cars. i am personally against driverless cars. one reason that i am against driverless cars is that drivers could get distracted and not pay attention to the road. secondly, what if there is an accident who is to take the blame the driver or the manufactioner. also there are many saftey concerns with driverless cars. firstly, driverless cars can cause drivers to get distracted. one way they can cause drivers to become distracted is that drivers could think that because the car is driving by its self that they do not have to pay attention to the road, when they shouuld be. secondly, driverless cars may cause drivers to be more tempted text while driving. although, the cars come with built in saftey alerts what if the driver does not notice them. in the article paragraph eight states the psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge, admits dr. wener huber, a bmw project manager driver , it also says that they would have to find away to keep drivers focused and make driving fun. secondly, what would happen if there where to be an accident in a driverless car and someone where to be injured. who would take the blame? the driver or the manufactioner of the car. would you want to take that risk. in paragraph nine it says that new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. finally, what about all of the saftey concerns that come with driverless cars. with all of this extra technology being put into the car you will have to wonder if there will still be room for all of the standard safter requirements. also what is to happen if one of the sensors controling the car fails and does not alert the driver in time to move out of the way of a possible accident. in paragraph four it states that the driverless car can mimic the skills of a human at the wheel, however the human response time could be faster and more effective than that of a machine. some people may even use driverless cars as a reason to drive or get behind the wheel while they are under the influince of drugs or alchol, which can be a majopr concern to yhemselves and other drivers on the road. in conclusion although driverless cars maybe an amazing thing to imagine or dream about i do not think that is the way we should head for thr future. driverless cars may cause drivers to become distracted behind the wheel. also, who is toi take the blame if there is an accident in a driverless car. people may become to reliable and dependent on the car to drive them that they will not be prepared to stop an accident from happening. finally driverless cars could be a huge saftey concern to drivers. driverless cars may also help to be an excuse for people to drive under the influence, text, or even sleep while behind the wheel. i am against driverless cars and think that they should not be a main source of traansportation in years to come.