the author supports the idea that venus is worthy to pursuit despite the dangers by telling us several things. that this is our neighboring planet, by showing us that we need to expand ourselves and explore, and by telling us that venus is as close as a sister planet could come to earth. one reason the author tells us we should examine venus further is by telling us how close this planet is to us. venus, like mars, is our neighboring planet. in the text, it says these differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to mars and other times to venus. since venus is so close, the author tells us that we should be exploring it. another piece of text evidence is because venus is sometimes right around the cornerin space terms... the author tells us again how close venus is to us. the risk here includes getting a shuttle close enough that could be of help to us. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. this evidence tells us that even if we were to get close to venus, we couldnt take samples with our technology the way it is now. we would have to develope better technology. this evidence further shows how the author thinks that it is worthy to pursuit venus, despite the dangers. another reason the author implores us to keep exploring venus despite the risks is that we need to expand our horizons beyond one planet. the author supports this in his concluding sentence our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this shows how the author wants to push on rather than to simply settle where we are, despite the risks. the author also states how exploring another planet would help further understanding on earth as well striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the author is saying that if we dont explore venus now, what will we do in similar situations when the oppurtunity presents itself? to sum up this paragraph, the author supports the idea that we should examine venus despite the risks by showing earth needs to expand its horizons. the third reason why the author wants us to explore venus is that it has come as close as any planet in our solar system to earth. in the article, the author calls venus our twin or our sister planet what he means by this is that venus was once very similar to earth. in the text, it says long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the author tells us that venus could have supported life at one point. another piece of textual evidence is furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. the value of returning to venus seems indisputable, the author shows us that venus would be a prime target to try and explore because of how close it is to earth. the author is explaining that venus, being so close, could potentially have alot of crucial information about life. to conclude this essay, the author supports the idea that we should explore venus, despite the risks in three ways. by telling us that venus is our neighboring planet, by showing that we need to expand ourselves and explore, and by telling us that venus is as close as a sister planet could come. these reasons are how the author supported his idea.