honk! beep beep!. hey! what are you doing!? youre causing a traffic jam! what causes a traffic jam? cars. they get us from point a to b for sure but, do we really need to rely on them that often? i dont think so. as we limit our car usage, the air pollution lowers, fewer car accidents happens, and road rage? gone. limiting car usage have many benitfits, such as the air pollution lowers. in some countries, for example paris, they ban driving due to smog. fter nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the gobal city. as of that monday, they would fine motorists with evennumbered license plates a euro fine. the effect of this was that public transit was free of charge from friday to monday. in bogota, colombia, millions of colombians participated in a carfree day leaving the streets traffic jam free. it was their third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted. it didnt stop people from participating even though gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on bogota. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution said a businessman carlos arturo plaza as he rode a twoseat bike with his wife. this campaign began back in the mids. without cars, parks and sports centers have bloomed throughtout the city. they even fixed the uneven pitted sidewalks and replaced them with smooth sidewalks. a city of  million, rush hour have dramatically cut traffic as they have their carfree day. as for the united states, president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions. recent studies shows that americans are buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses as each year go by. another study has shown that there has been a large drop in the percentage of  to  yearolds getting a license, while older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age, mr. sivaks research has found. without cars, people are expected to walk more and car pool with friends or take buses. this will dramatically decrease greenhouse gas and air pollution. in barcelona, spain, bill ford, executive chairman of the ford moter company, has laid out a bussiness plan where they create cities in which pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and impove safety. in conclusion, by not driving a car, air pollution lowers, fewer car accidents happen, and no traffic jams. from different sources, different effects happens when cars are banned. in paris, smog is a thing in the past, no traffic jam for a city of  million in bogota, and in barcelona, public transportations are connected and is faster to get to point a to point b. by not driving cars, we wont cause car accidents and it will improve safety for everyone. walking never cause problems and can get you anywhere.