we live in a world where we can see and talk to someone through a tiny screen, even though they are halfway across the world. we live in a world where tiny robots can act and do anything we want, with just a click of a button. now we live in a world where we have the ability to detect every single feeling a person is expressing, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. facs facial action coding system is brand new technology that allows us to detect accurate and precise emotions of others. what does this mean for the future? facs is the newest facial innovation that allows us to read the most hidden emotions. prof. thomas huang, of the beckman institute for advanced science and prof. nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam. introduced this new and advanced technology. huang and sebe are always finding better ways for computers and humans to interact. have you ever spoken to someone who was just a blank slate no emotion, no expession, nothing? facial action allows us to dig deeper and help those who have trouble expressing emotions with the people they interact with everyday. secondly, have you ever gone to the doctor and didnt know how to explain how you felt? with facs we can now detect feelings in which we cant explain maybe even feelings we dont want to explain. with this kind of advanced technology one must be careful. is it not always the best choice to see what others are feeling, maybe they simply dont want help or want others to know what they are feeling. for example, when asked the following question if you could pick any superpower what would you pick? most would say super strength, super speed etc. one might even say the ability to read minds. but after given that ability, some might want to reverse the clock. when we are given high technology or superpowers we have to keep in mind the risk of such information. we may learn things we never wanted to learn or things we should have never come in contact with. every new technology that the world presents has pros and cons but our job is to be able to weigh out these conditions so that everyone is happy with the outcome. just because something benefits one human that doesnt mean it can benefit everyone it comes in contact with. for when given great power comes great responsibilty.