oveall the author does a good job of supporting their claim that venus is worth studying. the author shows this through giving reasons that make exploring venus worth doing, by providing information that is relevant to the topic and claim, and by providing solutions to problems involving the exploration of venus. in paragraph four it the author presents its reasons that make exploring venus something worth doing. the author states how astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this information if further made relevant through the authors explanation on how this leads scientists to beleive that venus could have once supported life. the section then goes on to give examples of how similar the surface of venus is geoloigcally, to earths. through out the entire article the author presents relevant information to each section presented. an example would be the entirity of paragraphs two and three. both sections provide background information that most readers wouldnt be familiar with. this allows the reader to be further familiarized with the topic and more able to make opinions and conclusions to the authors statement. the author provides solutions to the problems that are presented with the exploration of venus. among those probelms are the atomospheric pressure is  times greater than that of earth and the surface temperature can average over  degrees fahrenheit. this prevents any direct human exploration, this is solved through an idea that was presented by nasa that the author gives in paragraph five. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  miles or so above the rolling venusian landscape. the conditions at that high would be around  degrees fahrenheit, but the pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. the author was able to easily prove their point in a manner that was easy for the reader to understand, this made it easy to understand the point of the article. through reasons for exploration, relevant information, and solutions to problems the author formed a well made and intelligent article and point.