the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because that is what venus is  a different, wonderful place to study, but has dangers we do not face on earth. in the text the author states, these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encount on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of pur oceans and would liquefy many metals. this piece of information from the text is saying that here on earth we have humans diving into the deepest parts of the oceans, with protective gear a submarine, to explore the unknown. however, if we would to send a human to venus, with protective gear  a spaceship, they would not surive because the heat venus has melts metals and would destroy the spaceship. the author then states, beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. in this piece of text the author is stating that yes, even though earth has volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and lighting we do not have those weather conditions because someone is trying to study the earth. that piece of information is saying that if we were to send a spaceship out to venus it would be impossible for it to land because venus has volcanes, powerful earthquakes, and lighting strikes to prevent probes from landing on its surface. it is clear to see that venus does not want anyone on its home. as the author states, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. sciencetists want to know more about a planet that couldve been earth hunderds of years ago, but at what cost? venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system paragraph  to the point if we do send a team up there their protective gear will be melted not to metion maybe even they would be melted too. venus weather is almost like a sercuity guard. the weather is literally trying to stop probes from landing on its surface  erputing volcanoes, powerful earthquaked, and frequent lighting strikes paragraph . maybe studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, but if you ask me maybe venus just wants to be left alone and just be another planet we dont bother.