have you ever thought about what life would be like on venus? venus, also known as the evening star, is said to be a challenge when it comes to exploring. the author develops a main point that venus is a fasinating planet by using facts on past explorations to venus, by using what scientist have found, and by telling readers that our travels should not be stopped. first of all, venus, also known to be earths twin, is a mystery. the author tells the readers about what past explorations have been like and why no one is living or has traveled to venus in almost three decades. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours.. the author also tells of why no space craft has been able to survive the landing on venus. also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun.. however that does not stop scientist from trying to create more explorations to gain more research. in addition to the surface being inhospitable, that does not stop scientist from planning more explorations to gain more research. the author asks us, if our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientist even disscusing further visits to its surface?. well we are told that, today venus still has some features that are analogous tgo thoses on earth.. which tells us that even scientist are still figuring out how earth became earth, and if venus was just like earth. which leads to more research and more information. finally, we are told about how alike earth and venus are through the research of the scientists. which scientist believe we should not stop our travels just because of dangers. in paragraph  the author states,  striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.. this shows that the author does not believe that the danger should hold us back and stop us from exploring. in the same paragraph it also states, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. over all, the author develops a main point that venus is a fasinating planet by using facts on past explorations to venus, by using what scientist have found, and by telling readers that our travels should not be stopped. by showing the readers that there is more than what meets the eye when talking about venus. also that one should never let danger stop them from exploring.