everyone has their own opinions on everything. some people would be for the driverless cars. others may be against them. in my opinion i do not think we should have driverless cars. to begin, at the end of paragraph  it says, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faullt the driver or the manufacturer? i think that if we get into an accident then the government would blame us for not paying attention or something but it could have been the cars fault for not telling us to take over soon enough or we did not feel the vibration of the car so we back into something. also, if the car were to malfunction and not tell us to take over or do any of the things that the author tells us that the car does. then if you were to almost back into an object the seat would vibrate, the google car tells us when to take over, and there are a few other options. because in this case i think that the risk of us getting in more accidents are higher that way than what they would be if we drove on our own. also, if we got in an accident there would be costs such as medical bills, insurance, and if it was your fault or the cars fault that you crashed into somone else you would have to pay to get their car fixed too. furthormore, if we had to just sit back and wait until the car tells us to take over we might fall asleep. if that was the case then there would cause a ratio of accidents. also, i feel like it would be hard for the driver to pay attention to the road because they would be distracted by everything else that they could not see before if they were focused on the road like they would be in a normal car. lastly, it would cost so much money to get rid of every car invented now and upgrade them to the driverless car. because our taxes would probably go up so that the govenment could get the money to pay for all the parts needed. so i think we should just keep it the way it is because money is an issue for a lot of us. everyone should take this into deep thought and realize how much of a mistake this would be to invent a driverless car and look at all the cons of driverless cars. some people will still be for it just so they could sit back and relax at the wheel. others see that there are a lot of cautions to driverless cars. i think everyone should be on the same page and say no to driverless cars.