the author of this article is only focused on one thing in this article. they describe all of these reasons on why traveling to venus is unsafe yet completely ignores his own reasoning by replacing it with an unrealistic claim stating that astronomers want to explore it. also, while they explain the density is the same and how venus is often reffered to as earths twin, they bypass the subject of how much will it cost, how it will affect the united states as a whole. the author is failing to realise just how unsafe it is to actually go to venus. they do go on to talk about the electronis made of silicon carbide, but it doesnt change the fact that we could not survive eight hundred degree wheather and neither could a space ship. the space carrier would melt when it came into the orbit of venus. also if the atmosphere is  carbon dioxide is it really safe for anyone to go there. on earth, we have a lot of pollution and a vast amount of carbon in the air but it is nowhere near the percentage in the article. then you have a atmospheric pressure of ninety times more than our own. the article describes how that would crush a submarine that has been made to search the lowest points of the ocean. the article states in paragraph three, also noteable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to the sun. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probe seeking land on its surface. the author is not taking into account the people who would need to go on this mission as well. we are talking about a human that if they were to get past the spot where they are orbiting that they will be faced with all of these horific obstacles. the lightning strikes would try to kill anyone who tries to find land on the surfac, yet they are trying to send people to find out about their curiosities? are we okay with that? all of these factors will end up in a loss of a human if we try to step foot on venus and that is not worth the curiosity of a few. attempting to go to venus would be extremely costly and would be a very poor choice on our part in the long run. we are talking about putting a group of people and equipment that cost billions to trillions of dollars on a space exploration that has a vast possibility of not coming home. it would cost us a fortune and no onewould gain from it. hypothetically, lets say the the craft landed, what are they going to have to face to get a rock and gas sample? the volcanoes, lightning strikes, and powerful earthquakes would kill everything and everyone on board before the can let out a sigh of relief. venus may have been an earthlike planet but as of right now, no one would benefit from an exploration there. venus can remain a mystery. the author writing this article is not thinking about the good for everyone andor the possibility of it even becoming a reality. the whole article is flawed because even though we are alike in size and occasionally distance, no one has survived the landing for a reason. the planet is too dangerous for us to even think about trying to explore, so we will wait to see if factors change but for now the author wrote this article poorly. we are not ready at this point in time and we may never be but the curiosity of a few are not worth the risks.