no more cars. cars are one of the many problems of the world. its slowly but steadly kill us or the world. thats why i say no more cars. if we were to get rid of carsall over the world we would have such a better enviorment. wouldnt you want a better enviorment for you and the younger generation to see. one of the main things that is polluting our cities is gas. more perpheribly diesal. there are over a thousand cars being driven in one city and all that gas that is used spreads to thye enviorment and causes deformation to our wild life. many people dont realize that when diesal gas comes out of your exaust is a thick black smock that stays in that area for at least five minutes. also when people get oil leaks they always say ill get it checked tomorrow but never do and when they do get it checked the are leaking oil all over the street to get to the shop to get it fixed. no more deaths would come of car accidents. think about is every day you see something in the news about a car accident weather its car on car or someone being it by cars. cars cause alot of deaths in the world because people dont realize the amount of power they have and are always tring to impress. hiting someone with your car expecially a child can scare a man for life because everyday when he gets in that car he is reminded of that day. also think about all of the robberies. there wouldnt be much of that happening because they wouldnt be able to make a fast escame to get away with it. there is another thing solved by taking away cars, less criminals. less obese people would be living in the world because the wouldnt be able to get in their moterized vehicle to go to places. they would have to walk and even if there taking the train they are at least walking some where to get to that train. what if trains werent aloud either? you would definatly have less people over weight because they would be riding bikes or walking some where or if there late for something they wold run . bogata has already made one hundred and eighteen miles of bicycle paths. birds cherping all over the city. getting ride of cars would reduce the sound level and would allow wild life to come in to the cities. wouldnt that be great, just wlking down the street minding your own buisness and you notice out of the corner of your eye a little doe, so elegant and piecefull as it walks down the street. i do know that not all animals are nice and friendly like bears and wolves but the occasional rare bird that flies past you on your way to work, wouldnt you rather see that than a cloud of black smoke come out of the exaust of the diesal truck infront of you. i know i would. no more cars i say. no more. i want to see wildlife not smoke. i want to see a man that has lost one hundred pounds in the last year from riding his bike from place to place. geting rid of cars is a great idea and some countries have already gotten the idea and i belive we should try it out.