cars one of the worlds basic means for transportation from places such as chicago to shanghai. have you ever heard of a place where they bearly use cars. due to that fact people in different areas dont even use cars such as the suburbs ranging from new york to vauban. as a result of driving the famous greenhouse gases is coming from emissions from everyones car not even knowing that you might be the cause of the greenhouse gases ranging from  percent in europe and up to  percent in the united states in more car filled areas. creating a natural disaster just by taking a drive to the store or taking a midnight drive with your girl. all avoidable by just minimize the use of personal transportation. even though driving is not seen as a bad thing it has caused many complications in the past such as pariss smog. smog deadly to breathe was pariss problem since everyone was driving a vehicle at the time. due to the massive amount of people using cars smog became a daily routine producing  micrograms per week. as a result to this unforseen complication many decided to ban the use of cars until the smog was lifted or completely gone. since people dont listen many still continued to drive their cars making about , people getting fined euro which is about  in u.s money. giving blame to diesel fuel since that is the main source of fuel in france many turned their heads to the emissions that diesel fuel has created mainly since  percent of the residents in france use compared to . in western europe, according to reuters. usually paris has more smog than any other european capitals since the streets are filled with people driving. as many days gone by reducing the smog many were allowed to drive resigning the ban starting on monday continuing on tuesday. how would you feel if you was not allowed to use your car for a full day? the people of bogota feel it as an ordinary day just without vehicles. it had been the third straight year since cars had been banned with the execption of buses and taxies. it was used to promote alternative transportation and to reduce smog in the city. if violated the person would recieve an amount of  u.s dollars. even though dark grey cloubs usually gave rain showers to the people of bogota people remained casual and continued their natural lives. parks gyms and things like it flourished with people so did new restaurants and upscale malls. will it be the end of the car culture? will people stop using cars altogether? is it possible that in the future we wont be using cars anymore for any reason? if so life without cars i think would be better just by reducing greenhouse gases and smog to a minimum.