dirverless cars can be good or bad, safe or reckless, and smart or dumb. either way our technology is advancing and it may be adavncing too quickly. a good thing about the car is that its easier for disabled people and a bad thing is technology isnt always reliable. the cars could cause less accidents or cause even more. the cars could be the smartest thing the world could have or it could be the dumbest. the thing about driverless cars is that we are not learning control and once again the world is getting even more lazy. most of the time no one will be paying attention with them not having to drive. they will be too distracted listening to the radio, sleeping, talking on the phone, talking to passengers, or texting. also if the person would need to take over they wouldnt be able too because they wouldnt know when to take over, because of the distraction.  year olds wont be able to drive normally, because they will never learn because of the driverless cars. the teenagers would just sit in the car just like a passenger and not drive. the teens would be so distracted with all their social media and texting they would have time to react if something went wrong. if the teenager needed to take over they would know what to do because they didnt learn how to drive right. although this is a rather good thing for disabled people. if they have an amputated leg or leg and actually any disability that would still allow them to drive it would be easiar on them, because they may not be able to drive  percent of the time. they would be less stressed out on people yelling at them for being too slow and fighing and conflicting with them. disabled people already can drive, you can get a prostedic leg and still be able to drive. if they cant drive  percent of the time they should be driving anyway. that is a huge hazard on the road. it could lead to many accidents and multiple injuries or even death. driverless cars will come whether we like them or not. i personally do not want the driverless cars, but i would have to deal with it and embrace it. i still think there needs to be a long time inbetween now and when they do come out so it gives our people and technology time to embrace it and get used to the driverless cars.