these sources focus on the advantages of limiting car usage. the usage of cars has been decreasing as the years go by, not only in the united states, but in other countries as well. the residents of certain countries are beginning to use walking or taking a train or a city bus as a means of transportation instead of using their cars, that is if they own one. the advantages of limiting car usage are endless. one advantage is that it relieves a big amount of stress on people. according to source one, having a car is a big responsibility, sometimes one that certain people are not able to handle. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two. not having a car or avoiding having to use a car is becoming easier for people. for people that live in suburban areas, public transportation is going to have a higher demand. this is because there is an attempt to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking. in this new approach, stores are going to be placed a walk away, or on a main street, rather than having them all together in malls along a distant highway. not only will it make it easier for people to access stores or other necessities, but the money that the public transportation will receive will go to the city, giving them more to use on important things the community needs. furthermore, it is evident that limiting car usage relieves a big amount of stress on people. another advantage of limiting car usage is that it brings people and countries together for a cause. limiting the use of cars is spreading worldwide and there are many people that agree with this concept. according to the third source, in bogota, colombia, a program has been started that is set to lower the rate of care usage and increase the usage of public transprortation. millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a carfree day, leaving the streets of this capital city empty and unoccupied. the interactions between the community are inevitable with so much people walking and being all in one place at one time. furthermore, the act of a carfree day is also spreading to other countries. municipal authorities from other countries came to bogota to see the event and were extremely enthusiastic. these people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders, said enrique riera, the mayor of asunción, paraguay. with this act spreading and moving across borders into other countries, the use of cars will soon begin to decrease even more than it already has. this will help to lower the pollution as well as other economic problems caused by cars. these sources focus on the advantages of limiting car usage. the usage of cars has been decreasing as the years go by, not only in the united states, but in other countries as well. the residents of certain countries are beginning to use walking or taking a train or a city bus as a means of transportation instead of using their cars, that is if they own one. with the information provided, how can one refuse to join the movement to limit car usage?