i just finished reading the challenge of exploring venus. the challenge of exploring venus explain what is venus, why is call the evening star, and many more. ill explain how well the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. ill explain the earth twin. a thick atmosphere. of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. im also going to explain the nasa the national aeronautics and space administration. the earth twin. venus is the closest planet to earth in the same density and size, and the closest in distance. venus and mars those two are orbit the sun at different speeds. which mean that sometime we are closer to mars and venus. everytime human has a mission to touch the venus it doesnt work. they sent numerous spacecraft to the land each mission was unmanned. the spacecraft has only survived the landing for more than a few hour. a thick atmosphere of almost  persent carbon dioxide blankets venus. the most challenging about the venus is that the clouds oh highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet, even though mercury is closer to our sun venus is still the hottes surface. and high pressure, heat, erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes , and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land oon its surface. the nasa the national aeronautics and space administration. the nasa is the idea for sending humans to study venus. nasa is the solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus. that would allow secientisits to float above the fray. if blimp hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscarpa. just like our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude. while hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground condition byb staying up and out of their way. it not an easy condition , but survivable for humans. i agree that the author think that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger. why, because i think that studying venus would be fun and probably will help you learn something about our solar system. and it really challenging .