say no to driverless cars more than  of the population in the united states say yes to driverless cars. they want the future to come for them, without even thinking about the effects these cars can leave for them in the future. driverless cars are a cool concept that movies introduced to us many years ago, leaving people wandering if it could really happen one day. now that there is a possiblity that these cars could actually happen, these people are going crazy and supporting this idea. supporting the development of driverless cars should not happen because of the dangers that can some with them if they were to malfunction, leaving a bigger disaster for us than what we started with. in the article, it states that driverless cars now, can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves but they are designed to notify the driver when it requires human assistance. all cars need human assistance instead of a computer telling it what to do, otherwise it will not be as safe. a person always needs to have eyes on the road, especially if a computer is the one driving because there are possibilities that something could go wrong. computers do not compare to the human brain, for example there are instances where a person needs to decide what is best to be safe in the road. a computer will not be able to do that because they are programmed and do not have a sense of feeling or emotions. if there are laws that make even testing computerdriven cars illegal, that states that maybe the whole development of these cars is not a good idea. laws are there for a reason, and that is to keep the drivers, passangers, and pedestrians safe. even though there are a few states like california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia, that approve the use of semiautonomous cars, it is only a matter of time before a disaster happens. with computer driven cars, there is no garantee that the people will be safe. because there is no safe way to know if driverless cars are a good and safe idea, it is better if they are just not produced at all. the number of technological parts that is used in the toyota prius is astonishing! it uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. all of these sensors and parts must be extremely expensive to make and include in the car. billions and billions of dollars would go into making this possiblitly real. that is not even including the specially designed roads that are going to be needed in order for the driverless cars to even work. the amount of money needed in order to produce these cars is extremely high, and if it will cost a lot to make, the amount of money needed to buy these cars will surely be the same. safety should be every drivers first priority. these cars will not provide much safety for anyone on the road. driverless cars are not even important or necessary, because us humans can drive just fine and not worry about being safe. peope are just becoming lazier as years go buy and if this continues, before we know it we will be in a bigger problem than what we began with. driverless cars sound amazingly cool and futuristic, but they are just not safe and should not be developed because of the endless possiblites that could go wrong.