i believe that driverless cars are actully a bad idea. while driverless cars can help us with stuff they can also hurt us. while the car is driving without the help of humans it wont know what to do when it hits construction sites and when imdeiatite actions needs to be taken. with the human instincts not there behind the wheel the car will be more open to cullisions and massive wrecks. driverless cars may be what people think we need but they could also mean many more accident related deaths. driverless cars they do alot to help us. driverless cars can apply brakes, steer, and can even drive themselves now but is that really something you want in a car. while they can drive themselves they cant take the same action as an alert person behind the wheel. lets take this for instance your driving down a neighbor hood street and a kid runs in the road an alert human can hit the breaks and swerve but a car wont be able to do it all that fast. the driverless cars dont have that quick instict we humans do where we can jump right into action at the sight of danger. the humans are also capable of driving slowly and safely through consrtuction zone where a car will just go the speed limit it is registered at. so driverless cars cant dp the jobs we humans can behind the wheel when driving. with out the humans insticts the cars will be more open to wrecks as well. while even with our insticts us humans cant avoide all car crashes that happen in our life time. so if we cant do it what makes you think a car that dont have those instincts can do it either. a crash can happen in a blink of an eye and we cant always be ready. th best we can do is hope we can apply brakes or avoide bthe cullision by going around the side. thats the problem though going around and avoding it is not always an option. when thats the an option you have to apply th brakes quickly to reduce speed. that will take atleast a little impact away from the crash. now cars have a breaking system in them where they apply breaks when they are close to something. if you are going down the interstate at mph and need to stop good luck having the car do it. by thr time you reach the cars range to apply brakes it will be to late. driverless cars may be what people think we need but they are not what we need. we need people to start focusing more of driving and stop being distracted. while driverless cars are becoming popular the more wrecks are increasing.along with this new technoligy is being built into cars like phones so people can call each other. this is just distracting drivers more and can lead to bigger wrecks in the future. we need to stop with the smart cars and go back to no phones and cars where humans have to drive themselves. this driverless cars are a step in the wrong direction. so thats my view of driverless cars. i dont like them i thin they are a terrible idea and should stop being made. i dont want to see anyone else getting hurt because they were unfocused while driving. these cars will be the death of many more people then any nother kind of driving. driverless cars cant do what humans can and they will one day be worse then drunk driving. thats my perspective on driverless cars i dont think they should be used at all.