the evening star is the brightest point of the night sky, it makes it simple for a amateur stargazer to spot. the nickname evening star is misleading since venus is a planet. venus is the second closes planet to the sun. venus is simple to see but safe vantage point of earth. venus is the closest planet to earth refering to density and size, and the closest in distance. sometimes earth is closer to mars and sometimes closer to venus depending on the speed. humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on venus but each mission was unmanned, this reason is because no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. no spacecraft has landed on venus for a few decades. venus is a challenging place to study. almost  carbon dioxide blankets venus. in venuss atmosphere there are clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. on venuss surface the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheroc pressure is  times greater than we experience on our own planet. venus has the hottest surface area of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. astonomers are fascinated by venus because it once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported variours forms of life, just like earth. venus still has some analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. the national aeronautics and space administration has one particulary compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit. peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atnisphere. more importantly, researchers cannot take saple of rock, gas, or anything else from a distance. venus would need to get close and despite the risks. nasa is working on other approaches to study venus. some simplified electronics mad of silicone carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted three weeks in such conditions. striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the plannet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very eadges of imagination and innovation.