has there ever been a time where youre looking at your classwork or homework as if it were the worlds most difficult equation? this new technology facs, is an amazing program that recognizes facial expressions and woild be more than helpful in our schools. i personally think that this technology is a bridge to better understanding. this new technology would help teachers know what students need help on, it would cause test scores and grades to rise, and it would be a great advancement in school technology. first,there has been so many times where you dont understand a problem or a material and you dont say anything. maybe it was because you were too shy or the teacher or instructor had already reviewed it many times. this technology could help students get the help they need. teachers will know when students are having trouble and when they are ready to move on. second, if the students got the help they needed and started to understand more, grades and test scores would go up. our education would start to advance more and more. our graduates would be much more skilled and instructed. we would have so much more to offer our country and citizens. we would be recognized for our high test scores and good grades, we would be offering a much better education than any other country. our students would actually understand the what is being presented to them. third, our technology in our schools would be much more advanced. the future is going to be full of technology, and we should know how to use and control it. technology has its pros and cons, but it will be able to help us much more than it will hurt us. we will have access to easier and faster ways of learning. facs is one of those easier and faster ways. facs would help us greatly by helping teachers know what students need help on, increasing test scores and grades, and advancing in our schools technology. i truly do believe this program should be in all schools becasue this will help educate the youth that will be building a better future for us.