scientists have developed technology that allows computers to read emotions on a persons face. this technology can be used in a multitude of areas such as video games and even inside the classroom. being able to read the emotions of students holds value due to possibly reducing boredom, keeping students attentative, and helping students become less frustrated. in the classroom students often become bored due to not being interested in a subject they are learning. unfortunately many teachers do not seem to notice when a student is bored. this is because most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. since students are not usually verbal about their boredom, it is up to teachers to notice it and try to aid in making students more interested. luckily, new software can detect when a student is bored. this can lead to teachers being able to effectivly teach without causing students to be so bored. along with boredom, a computer that can recognize emotions could also help keep a students attention. similarly to how the computer would react to a bored student, a student who appears to be staring off into space could trigger the computer to modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. the computer could change the lesson to be more interesting to keep students paying attention, and over time the method of teaching could be personalized for specific classes. this could drastically increase how well students do on tests, since they would learn more. just as with boredom and attention, a program that recognizes emotions could help out frustrated students as well. a classrooom computer could recognize when a stident is becoming confused and it could begin to help them personally, recognizing when the student begins to understand the material better. the computer could ensure that every student recieves the attention they need in order to succeed. understanding the emotions of students is highly important. it can lead to better lessons for each student and overall better education. this is priceless in ensuring that each student has a great life. recognizing emotions is an important part of this process, making the technology that recognizes emotional expressions extremely valuable.