in the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own plant. these conditions are far more extrem than anything humans encounter on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and woukdk liquefy many metals. this claims that the evaluates how well the author supports the idea of studying venus is dangers. the claim of the evaluate the author supports the idea of studying venus because its a different planet and have more interesting things there then on planet earth.astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may we once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system.venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains,and craters.nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus.for example, some simplified electronics made of the silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all.venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. these are the reasons why the author supports the idea of studying venus. in these parargraphs ive just writen i explained with supporting details on whyhow the author supports the idea of studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.