many people have heard of the face of mars. my friend and i were arguing about if it was ancient bona fide evidence of life on mars, or a natural landform. we argued a bit, but he finally believed me after i told him the real facts. here is my evidence of the face being a natural landform. beggining with the first image ever uploaded on the face, many believed the face to be some sort of alien artifact. nasa stated it was a rock formation, and this would be proved over a period of years. firstly, when the picture was taken, scientist thought it could have been an ancient artifact, but then found out it was just a mesa, but with unusual shadows to give its appearance. this is stated in all of paragraph , there must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the propulsion lab when the face appeared on their monitors. but the sensation was short lived. scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. next, much better photos were taken, almost  years after the original image! this is stated in this sentence, we photographed the face as soon as we could get a good shot at it. and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. finally, a final picture, taken in , was the key to finishing the research and to prove it was just a mesa, beggining with each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. and is also stated in so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!. nevertheless, the controversial photo was disproven. this shows how much a popular photo can become a question science can, or cannot, answer. so it is finally over and done with, the face was actually a mesa with a shadow, taken at the perfect time to show a face.