exploring venus will be dangerous but humans can get knowledge about venus and see more than any telescope can show us. venus is the second closest planet in space and the hottest planet in our solar system. but if we can explore it then we will understand how it works and if there is life on venus. even the slightest life form will be amazing and then we can do experiments on it and see how it can substain life on the hottest planet. danger will come when we explore venus but it will be worth it if we can survive on it and we will find a way to explore it without the ship melting or exploding. a good reason that we need to explore venus and find a way to substain life on it, is that it is the planet that is the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this planet could have had oceans and life form many years ago because there was craters, valleys, and mountains at one time or another. the text states, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familar features such as valley, mountains, and craters. venus is sometimes the nearest option to planetary visit. if we make it to venus then we will be able to explore more planets and understand more about our planet. when we make it to venus we will have to hover  or plus miles above the surface so the astronants will not have to deal with the dangerous conditons and temperatures that come with the planet. the text states, at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit. if we could survive on this planet then we would have plenty of solar power and thats how we would get our energy to power our ships, houses, and ect. the text states, solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. nasa is finding a way to visit venus by using silicon carbide and this concoction has lasted up too three weeks in a simulation. the text says, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the choas of venuss surface and have lasted up too three weeeks in such conditions. they are also looking at mechanical computers that is old technology that was tested before. they are looking at older computers because the newer computers are delicate and can not take a hit or it will break. for example try to take someones celephone and put it in an acid or heat that is capable to melt tin that is what the modern computers will do if they take them to venus. venus is one of the hottest planets but is the most interesting planet. it is like the earth in many ways. venus has many challenges and it is in human nature to complete challenges and take them head on. venus has many beautiful items but also has many destructive storms and volcanoes. we need to expand our minds and create new inventions and innovations to expore this beautiful planet.