the development of driverless cares are a negative impact to the society here is why. technoogy has been improving everyday new items in the market have been coming out and lately everyone has to have the new items . we were born in the  century now we have smart phones that can track friends or family around to see where they are at theres computers that can speak for the mute many more things. now they have created a new invention which is driverless cars a car desgined to drive itself around without human sensory . according to the article in verse  it notes that  google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of the driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues  by issues they mean  navigating through road work or accidents are driverless cars really benefitful for our society ? if you think about how many things are placed in the car wouldnt you think the car would be expanisve to buy. this would mean that certain people are more likely to get the car and others would probably be vechile less because if the world gets rid of cars and places new cars that drive on their own wouldnt you think people would be either calling a taxi or find another way for transportation. now in verse  it states that  senors can cause the car to apply brakes on individuall wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manange alone what would happen if the satiltite glitches and the sensors dont pick up the signal? there would be more accidents caused then when people actually drove the car.also would the car even come with emergency brakes like todays cars do in case of an emergency. in todays society there had been notifiers letting citizens know not to tex and drive due to driverless cars wouldnt you think that the human brain would be devious and be tempted to reach for a cell and text. now that the human isnt driving maybe there could be other things going on the driver wouldnt be aware because they were to busy being distracted by the items in the car or in their hands