venus is worthy of continual human study. the author makes this statement very clear. despite the clear dangers of human exploration on venus, scientists feel there is much to learn about this possibly once inhabited world. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life . venus contains many features unilike the earth, but scientists claim it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system . studying venus would be an extreme opportunity for the scientists around the world to develop new technology and gain knowledge about our sister planet . with venuss thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide  it is an extremely inhospitable planet. the planet has an insane surface temperature of  degrees, making it impossible for humans to land a space craft and gather data. since this surface temperature is hot enough to liquefy metals scientists have had to adapt their thinking of how to innovate a creating that could withstand this heat. nasa has imagined a blimplike vehicle that could hover  or so miles above  venus. scientists at nasa have been brainstorming innovative approaches to making venus exploration possible, like a silicon carbide, mentioined in paragraph , that has been tested in a chamber similar to the conditions on venuss surface. they have also been comparing technology from decades ago called mechanical computors . the brillant technology used today is fast, but has become more delicate, whereas back in the s these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all , making them perfect for venus exploration beucase of their higher resistance to pressure and heat. an energy sorce on that planet is already provided as solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed eath levels . these challenges of the dream of one day taking man to travel to venus is keeping human curiosity working to create the inventions needed. in order to learn about venus the space workers need samples from the planet. with the idea of a hover craft to simply fly around venus  miles above the surface we cannot gather samples of rock or terrrain and most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective . this means there would be no reason to travel the to dangerous venus if they could not bring any knowledge back to earth. the more scientists understand that to bring valuable knowledge back to earth, they need to overcome the callenges and risks of this mission to contribute meaningfully to our knowlege of venus . the author of this article does well in presenting the knowledge needed to claim the value of a dangerous mission to venus. of all the evidence proving the meaningfullness of information about this planet, that used to be not unlike earth, human curiosity and the yearn for exploration of the unknown is more compelling. it gives scienists at nasa a ryhme and reason to create machines that can withstand hundreds of degrees of heat and obstacles to overcome to bring home samples of a planet dense and sized  like earth. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely . exploreres and innovators must find a way to get up close and personal with a planet that has been out of reach of our spaceships for three decades. the author ties this entire article together by claiming, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation . the adventures humans go on should be determined by the great minds working to invent machines to over come the seemingly impossible. a mission to venus for humans to study is beneficial to scientist who will stretch the laws of nature to invent new technology that could be used in the future for more than this mission to venus and people around the world will be able to know valuable information about our sister planet  venus.