technoloagy has improved the world, with new technoloagy humans acomplish jobs quicker, but there are some technology that shouldnt be allow to be use by humans. one of the technology is driverless cars. there should not be any driverless cars on the road conserdering the safty of everyone, the moneny that the goverment and taxes needed and the improvement is just not that useful. google confounder sergey brin invented a transportation system that could drive independently under specific conditions. but google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic isssues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. if the cars still needs human to operate then why even have a driverless car? this improvement of tecnology is useless, improving car to driverless yet still need driver to oprate and drive. furtheremore, the driverless cars are computer driven cars, there are no garrenties that the computer will not make any misstake. even smartphones and gps these days have problems and makes misstakes. so, there could be a chance that the computer driven cars will make misstakes, rather the misstake will cost a life or more. most driving law focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safty is best achieved with alert drivers. the lawmakers know that if a driver is not alert, accedients will happen. adding to the point, driverless cars read the positive and negative polarity in binary code. these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but they require massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. the money that is need to build these code on roads inorder for driverless car to work better are way to expensive, why waste the moeny on a fancy road when now there are still holes on normal roads? in conclusion, humans should not use driverless cars. it is a waste of moeny and investment. while the car is called driverless car, the irony of still needs a driver to operate is just unecerary. also, for the safty of the drivers, passengers, and pedestrians it is to dangerious to drive a driverless car. the technologys are not perfect. driverless cars that are controled computers and computers will make misstakes, when is this does happen who is it that to blame? the drive or the computer?