all of our development since world war ll has been centered on the car and that would have to change said david goldberg, an official of transportation of america. it is imperative that our fellow citizens take the initiative to limit car usage for the whole purpose of saving time,conserving resources,lowering emissions and improving safety for ourselves and others . limiting car usage is an effective way in reducing our air pollutionsmog.most of our greenhouses gases are the result from the use of car or fuel engineered automobiles. source in geman suburb,life goes on without cars states that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of the grennhouse gas emissions in europe.. and up to  percent in some carintensive area in the united states, this means that most of our greenhouse gases are resulting from the overusage of cars that emit an abundance of co into the atmosphere which generally has a negative effect on the enviroment. if car usage were to be limited that would mean the greenhouse gas emissions would be reduced which will then lead to a reduction in air pollution. implementing the reduction of car usage would have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment,since transporatation is the second largest source of americas emissions,just behind power plants. car usage has contributed to cities low safety level. this is because cities are more denser with the use of more and more cars. if car usage were to be limited that would mean that these cities would be better to walk around in and other alternative transporatation methods such as bicycling and public transit have an easier way of getting around to save time according to source  the end of car culture. this implication may have a negative result in lost revenue in the car industry,but which is more important the world we live in or money? there are many more alternatives than using cars that emit greenhouse gases such as plugin cars,hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers as stated in source  paris bans driving due to smog. with the reduction in car usage that would mean that the resources that were needed to support the vehicle would be conserved because there would only be a small amoun of it being used. with the reduction in the usage of the fuels then the the remaing amount would be for other purposes that would need it or be saved over time if the us were to need it in the future. to conclude if limiting car usage would be in then it would just have a positive efeect in the worl we live in. not only will limiting car use would reduce the amount of smog being produced but it will also increase the united states safety level and conseverve the resources as well.