extensive analysis of the text idicates that the use of driverless cars will drastically improve the world and the quality of living in our society. new sensor technology today like the dubbed lidar allows for safer, smarter, and more efficient driverless cars. driverless cars are the future of todays society, and should be embraced instead of restricted. first and foremost, in reality, driverless cars are not truly driverless the car mearly assists the driver in driving to make it easier and safer for drivers. driverless cars utilise on board sensor arrays and outside communication to effectively make sure the driver and the passengers are safe in transit. while inside a driverless car, the driver must stay alert and be ready for work zones or accidents. new iterations of the driverless cars are catering to the concern that drivers in driverless cars could go offtask whilst driving which is a mahor safety concern. they responded by allowing the driver heads up displays and the ability to turn off the autodrive at any time to take control of the driving. on the other hand, laws in many states ban driverless cars, because the current driving laws all revolve around the driver controling the car, not the other way around. also, lawmakers argue that cases of an accident including a driverless car would be much more complicated, because no one would know who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer. this issue with lawmakers in certain states is holding back the driverless car industry greatly. to conclude, certain automakers are still evolving and revolutionizing the driverless car industry. tesla announced a  autonomous car, and mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have manufactured driverless cars by . the driverless car industry obviously has many more hoops to jump throigh and has a lot of potential, but it is still a theory and not yet a concept. although struggling through public and leglistative support, the driverless car industry still strives and continues to make big leaps into the future for mankind.