the author explains that we should study venus and what the dangers that this may presents and if we could get past those dangers and yet surive on this planet is that, no spacecraft have a successful landing on venus yet because of its conditions that the planet has just in its atmosphere. in paragraph  it exaplains all of the diffulcties trying to get a spacecraft on venus  of it atmosphere is made up of carbon dioxide, the planets temperature in general is over  degrees, and the clouds are made up of sulfuric acid.paragraph . this shows us that the dangers and how risky that this might bring to us, if we do land on this planet. the way that they author puts this article is that if we get past all of the dangers that this planet holds is that we could find some very useful sciencetific evidence that may come important to us. and if we get past the dangers of the clouds the heat we could prove that we can overcome those coditions that many planets that may have in the future that we may study. in paragraph  it explains why we still want to go after this planet and discover it fetures that it may have astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may once have been the earthlike planet in our solar systemparagraph . this explains why we want to go after this planet and how much we want to get samples from it and i think that the author really shows a good job on what the dangers are than actulaty explaining why we want to go after this planet. many this can come into a good way of exploring this planet more since we havent actullay landed a spacecraft on the planet yet is that in paragraph  it shows prof that nasa still want to go after this planet and send humans there eventulay, because of the hostile conditions on the surface of vensu that they would allow scientists to float above the frayparagraph . this shows us that we still want to go after the planet and try to study what is going around the surface of venus but we would still not be able to go onto the planet and collect samples from the planet that we would want to do that in the future. i think that the author shows more on there side more of the dangers of the planet than just stating out the factor reason why we want to send humans out to that planet and get data from it, i believe that in all that the author evenly explains why we want to go after this planet and get data and why we shouldnt go after this planet, because of the dangers that it holds.