did you know that in our solar sytem, the planet venus is referred to as earths twin in terms of size and shape? since venus, mars, and earth are closest to the sun, scientists believe that venus and mars may have once had real life growing on these planets. such as a source of water like lakes or oceans, or even plants or terrain. earth, venus, and mars also travel around the orbit in different speeds. this means at some point venus is closer to earth and at some point mars is closer to earth. its believed that venus may have had some forms of life long ago. in paragraph  the auther states astronomers are fascinated by venus becasue it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. it may seem a nice worthy pursuit to study venus and go there, but venus does have its dangers. for example in paragraph  the authur states  a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere and  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. despite venuss dangers, astronomers still have the curiosity of studying the planet. nasa are finding possible solutions and ideas on how they can send humans to study venus in a safe manner. nasa has come up with a possible solution which is imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees farenthei, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. this concludes that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because studying venus could lead to many science discovers. its stated in paragraph   our travels on earth and beyond shoukd not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.