intro this new facial software could be the next step to communicate with people without the use of words. created by prof. thomas huang and collaberated with prof. nicu sebe, they have inventited a computer software that can reconongnise what a humans emotions are par. . the new software would scan the  major muscles of the person, it can detect wether the person is lieing about what they are feeling or not par. . this facial software would change the way we see people, as it shows what people really are feeling. body the software created by prof. huang and sebe is reliable on computers. it would scan the face and construct a d model of the students face with all  major facial mucles and would have to have a phychologist, such as dr. paul eckman to judge the appereance of the face to see if it shows the  emotions such as happiness, sadness, anger, fear, disgust and surprise par.. this could help tell the emotions of students or if they are telling the truth on how they feel. any student is bound to be emotional, the scanning system would be able to tell which emotion is being told because certain muscles would be activated in the face par. . these uses seem very standard but are they useful? with only being able to scan faces, there really is not much use to this. people can already judge other peoples facial expressions by noticing key differences to how someone smiles, if they are faking it or not par. . there are already lie detector tests that can prove if someone is telling the truth or not, which seems like the most cheap option. though it doess have many uses, it can properly tell someones facial features with emotions. better than most people can judge, a computer will be able to show what a specific person is feeling. since humans are universal, most scanning will be accurate at telling peoples emotions par. . of course the purpose of this facial scaning can be anything us humans can already do for eachother, but the software has full knowlege of what we are feeling. conclusion the software can change our view on how we see eachother. all uses for this softtware are amazing but with even our own selves mostly capable of judging others and being accurate, it makes this software useless. we humans can already tell what we are feeling, we know ourselves better than any computer. even phycologists have to properly tell what the emotions are and they are human not software par.. this could be benifical but there are already lie detector tests that can be more accurate as it even measures pulse, which can differ with emotion. there are more downsides than upsides, but who is to say that this software wont improve in the future?