do you want to live and see your family another day? if you say yes to this then help us take a stand against these driverless cars. these cars can not guarentee your safety with just a few cameras and sensors. these cars also basically do not do much to help if were the ones that have to, park, pull out of spaces, navigating through work zones, and around accidents. your life is more important than relaxing while a car drives for you and can most likely wreck and cause death to you and many others. first, driverless cars can not save your life with some cameras, a gps system, sensors, and a inertial motion sensor. a lot of people might be thinking that this is a good idea, an idea to let a computer drive for you but no one is thinking about what could happen if something malfunctions on the car and you wreck and get injured or possibly death. also there might be a possibility that the dubbed lidar camera that uses laser beams to create d models of the cars surroundings gets broken by hail, a storm, or even someone breaks it off. these cars never said anything about how this car can guarentee the drivers safety. that should give everyone the general idea that they might not really know what could happen to you but they dont want you to know. next, these driverless cars arent doing much driving for you if you have to be the one to do some of the most simplest things that even the computer cant do. your the one basically doing most of the driving since they need you to park, pull out of spaces, navigating through work zones, and to go around accidents. does that seem like you should even spend way more money because of how much they put into it, for no reason? they shouldve made more extensions to the vehicle if all it does is steer, accelerate, and brakes themselves. these cars they are trying to put out there on the market when they only do  small things for you and could still possibly malfunction and cause the deaths of innocent lives. finally, you shouldnt be letting a computer drive for you. your life is way more important than relaxing for a few minutes and for you to most likely wreck and kill innocent civilians. these cars can possibly danger the lives of families. there is no point in buying a car that could kill your family or a loved one just for you to relax for that short amount of time to get to your destination. these cars already didnt say anything about guarenteeing your safety let alone trust your life with a copmuter. in conclusion, your lives matter to the world more than a smarter car to save you a few minutes of relaxing. dont be the one that takes your hands off the wheel and could possibly kill the people you love. the people you care about in that car could be dead in seconds if you let a computer take over your car for that small amount of time. rise up today and take a stand against the people that are building cars to kill innocent people or even the ones you love dearly.