can you believe there is a new technology called the facial action coding system that can identify your emotion? i believe this system would be outstanding to use in a classroom because this system can look at a students face and determine their emotion. just like any new system there are going to be advantages and disadvantages, so those need to be taken into consideration. in summary, i stongly believe that schools should begin using the facial action coding system in school. what is the facial action coding sysytem and how does it work? this system is a computer that builds a d computer model of the face that you are testing. then, the computer analyzes the face movement. for instance, when the muscle above the eye moves and eyebrows are rasied the emotion is conveyed as suprised. now, there are also many other emotions that the computer can read like happiness, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. in summary, this system is a process that works by analyzing a face and the face movements of a person to determine their emotion. there are many outstanding reasons why this program could be valuable for students in a classroom. first of all, this system can show how students are feeling. when a student is feeling sad or scared someone will know and they can help the student that is feeling those emotions. in addition, this program shows many emotions. for instance, a student will know when another student is happy, sad, suprised, angry, scared, or disgusted. now, most of all classrooms have the shy students who are scared to talk, so by using this, the students teacher or other classmates can recognize the shy students emotion and help them through it. in wrap, students and teachers would be able to talk more easily about their emotions with one another by using this program. using the facial action coding system could potentially be useless for students to use in schools. many people aroud the world use different facial expressions for different emotions. by using this program, it could become inaccurate due to students not using similar expressions for each emotion. for example, some students dont smile as broadly as others so they may not be considered as happy as other students convey. now, home pcs cant handle complex algorithms, so how is a teachers outdated pc going to handle this program? many teachers still use pcs that are out of date and very ancient, so teachers wont be able to demonstrate how this emotion reading system opperates. in addition, students may also not be able to utilize this system becasue their pc might be unable to handle complicated algorthisms as well. the facial action coding system could become valuable to students in classrooms. although the system has many disadvatages like reading an emotion inaccuratly i strongly believe that this system could work wonders for students in classes everywhere. in summary, because of the ability to recognize many emotions, this program could become extremely valuable to students in classrooms all around the world.