exploring venus i love the thought of humans trying to explore venus and one day maybe even making it there alive. i personally think that this moment in time would be a bad ideal to try and do so. there are of course pros and cons to exploring venus such as research and a better understanding for the planet. but the cons can be very deadly for only gaing some information. a trip to venus could be almost pointless considering that a human would have a very little chance of making back to earth. exploring earths sister planet venus to me is by far way to dangerous to any human. with tempertures up to  degrees fahrenheit and a atmospheric pressure  times greater than earths. making this planet almost impossible for even spaceships to land on. venus could have a atmospheric preesure the same as earths, with a temperture not as hot as  degress and would still be almost impossible to go to, do to the fact that the planet is coverd with erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes. if nasa found a way to get human life to venus it would be almost pointless to go. anyone who would make it to venus would be very unlikely to make it back to earth. since venus is coverd mainly in natural disasters there would be nothing to do there. collecting information would be very hard and pointless as well considering the author stated that the planet venus has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys and mountains nothing that earth doest already have. this means that if you gatherd information on venus and brought it back to earth there would be no diffrence and humans wouldnt be able to tell that anyone has even been to the planet. although i am against the fact of human life going to venus does not mean that i will be in the next one hundred years. i personally think that we just dont have the right technolgy to make the trip from earth to venus. right now we should focus more on what we need in order to make sure everyone is safe. humans should start to find a better material that can adapt to the very harsh conditions that venus has to offer. aswell as a forsure way there and back. humans would need a material like no other to even live on venus. so before nasa trys to visit the planet they should find or make substance that will fit the conditions of venus. i fully support the authors ideal that studing venus is a worthy pursuit and im sure one day humans will make it there. the author does a great job at suppoting the study of venus although the dangers. i think that humans shouldnt try to go yet considering the dangers it has to offer, it would be almost pointless to go right now, and we just dont have the right technolgy that we need in order to survive on the planet or make it there and back. i support the athours statment that our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. just this quote in general tells me that the author really cares about this topic.