the author claims that studying venus is worthy despite the many dangers. throught the whole passage the author gives pros and cons about exploring venus. he mentions facts that are good and bad about the planet, and trys to convince the reader that this idea to explore the planet, despite its dangers, is good. in the first paragraph the author is trying to pull the readers attention in. he gives examples about venus and explaines why he thinks it is worth being explored. the author states little facts about the planet, but is careful not to mention its dangerouse factors yet. he simple states that another name for venus is the evening star. he also goes on to say that venus is the second planet to the sun, and continues with these simpe facts. as the author moves on through the story he starts to explain more of the cons of exploring this planet. he says that the temperature is well over eight hundred degrees fahrenheit and aslo that the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we epxerience on earth. by telling the reader this information he is proving that even though he is listing all the dangers of doing this and exploring the planet, that he is going to convince you that this is worth exploring. the author goes on to say how powerful this planet is by saying that we have sent space crafts to venus before and it hasent lasted more than a couple of minutes, so why would we bother sending a human. he then explains what technolgy that we would be using to make this happen. he says that the computers we have now couldent work because they are to delicate and can break easily. however we have very old computers avalible to us. the computers that helped us in world war two in the s. he goes on to explain how his would work. at the end he says how he knows that this will be hard but that our travel on earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts, but that we should explore these dangers. i feel that the author did a very nice job. he stated what the problem was. he then continued to go on and explain the pros and cons of both sides. he gave many facts that suported his statment in the begining. he also was very organized with his thoughts and how he organized his writting.