the use of technology to read students emotional expressions in a classroom i believe that using this technology facial action coding system to read students emotional expressions in a classroom is not right because thats like taking advantage of the students privacy on what they could be thinking and looking at. watching the students faces and not understanding them and why they have the face expression and then using the facial action coding system to help you determine the feelings or the mood could be harmful due to the fact that what if that students had something they didnt want to say or want anyone to know about, but the teacher made it their business to figure out what was wrong by using a technology that could help them. i found my evidence in paragraph  and how i know this is because it states that we humans perform this same impressivde calculation everyday which mean we have the same face everyday that no one seems to read but for instance some people can tell a friends emotions by just looking at there face and even the look they might have gave or had. this could also be used in different by mixed emotions that someone might have and can be compared against a netural face. the new technology software stores similar anatomical inofrmation as a electric code that help the teachers study the students and paint a facial muscles. precisely just enough to convey the specific emotions as most students can have a nonverbal emotion including communication so using the computers to figure that out is to under the complex algorithms to determine the mood of each student in th classroom. the new technololgy could modify the lesson like a human instructor for example dr. huang predicts that the facial action coding system could be really good use becuase he feel that the painting of mona lisa inspired him to recognize studetns emotional expression in a classroom on wtheater if they are bored or feeling behind, and using this technology could prevent the confusion. as i came to my conclusion i noticed that in a way it would be good to use the new technoolgy but in reality it wouldnt help with anything because at the end of the day trying to read students emotional expressions in in a classroom could be real life stressful i wouldnt want that kind of pressure on any teacher to if they try and read a students expression adn they figure out something they didnt want to know it could be bad on there part. in other words i wouldnt want this new technology in any school becauswe thats too much troubloe to go through with ebery single student an trying to figure out the students emotional state.