in  the challenge of exploring venus the author did well by giving some good points to his audiance to puersuade them why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers and i think he did well by providing important data about what venus has, shows an example what nasa is doing with studying venus, and asking questions to grasp the audiance to be intrested to what he needs to say. the author did well by showing some facts about venus. for example in paragraph  he says that  on the planets surface, tempretures average over  degrees farenhiet, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater then what we experience on our own planets. in addition he said that that these conditions are far more extream than anything humans encounter on earth. and i think he did good in a way to give us some facts about venus to make us intrested to why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. in addtion to why the author did well was becuase he was asking questions to the audiance. when you ask questions, that would automatically get there attention becuase if the audiance doesnt know the answer to the question then they would want to know why. in paragraph  the author asks why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? or but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive? see by asking questions you might get the audiances attention and they would start to be intrested to what you have to say. another reason why the author did well was becuase he restated to why he is doing this and why venus is important. usually when it come to writing sometimes authors usually dont renstate why they wrote or the purpose of buti think that he did good by doing this. in the paragraph  it says striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only becuase of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also becuase human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. and these are the reasons why i think that the author did well by supporting the idea why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.