the idea of driveless cars seems to be very unsafe. though the idea would be an industrial breakthrough for , there are still lots of worries to be had. one reason that driveless cars should not be supported is because they are not proven to be  safe. every machine has a glitch, and a glitch from a driveless car could cause an accident or an injury. whos to say for sure that the computer will know when to stop just at the right moment. for example, when driving down a busy street there are lots of other drivers. some may not be as skilled as others. at anytime, there could be a distracted or intoxicated driver who swerves infront of you. the human instinct would tell us to turn into the other lane. unfortunately the computers mind might just stopthe entire car causing a chain accident of crashing cars. other than safety, another issue with the invention may be the usage of gas and battery life. with so many features added to the vehicle, there would probably be a bigger chance of the car battery burning out. yes, turning off the car does refresh the battery life, but the battery could possibly die during someones ride. the same scenerio goes with gas. a self driving car will not pull over to the nearest gas station once its on e. also, a distracted rider, who could be asleep the entire time, would most likely not notice the amount of gas left. if the car runs out of gas or battery life, the car will stop leaving someone straned. the only way to avoid this situation would be to alert the rider itself, probably with a tone. though it may help, theres still no garuntee that all people will be able to hear it. besides gas battery life and safety, bad roads may also be a problem. every person whos ever driven a car has atleast seen a pot hole, or a large hole in the street. sometimes they can be really big and hard to avoid which just causes most drivers to go around them. once again, a computer cannot think like an actual driver. the consequence of this would be the driveless car running straight into the hole. the holes arent usually deep enough to cause an injury, but they could but lots of wear on someones tires. the tire could burst or in extreme cases become jammed, which could also leave someone stranded. the computer of a driveless car may not have enough artificial intelligence to avoid these hazards. in conclusion, with a driveless car there are lots of worries to be had. people who choose to risk their lives in this hazardous vehicle should think twice. the safest thing in someones life is their own self mind. saftey cannot rely on technology.