hello everyone and welcome to cloud nine news. today we are going to talk about a spectacular program called the seagoing cowboys. im alex your host and this is lucy cohost!  hey laidies and gentlemen! but im not the only new person today give it up for luke. a very experienced seagoing cowboy. the last of lucys sentence was hushed by the croud cheering and clapping.  thank you everyone but its not me that you need to cheer for its the seagoing cowboys. im here to tell you about what they did for me. the oppertunity was astonishing for a small town boy like me i remember saying on my first day, the cattleboat trips were an unbeleiveable opertunity for a small town boy like me. its true too i mean it was a great thing for me. i thank my old friend don reist for my going. the croud cheered.  besides the benifit of helping people i got to explore many different places. i got to go to europe. i got to go to china. i even got a tour of an excavated castle. not only the oppertunity was great but being able to travel was amazing.  the crew was awsome. when all of the cattle or whatever animals we had were off. we played baseball and volleyball where the animals were. then we did tabletennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games to pass the time.  wow! maybe i should join and be the first seagoing cowgirl... lucy decided to but in.  thatd be really neat, luke praised the idea.  i think ill tell captain about that.  okay now any questions? alex sounded desperate to get off the cowgirl idea.  you with the red shirt! lucy called excidedly.  how long were you in the program?  i dont remember how long but i know that i went out to sea  times! luke answered.  you in the blue shirt with the neat sign!  its not a question its a comment. im going to join the program! after the boy said that murmers spread across the room most saying me too.  well there you have it the reasons and answers to questions about the seagoing cowboys program see you tomarrow night with a laundry cleaning women..?  bye luke! lucy called before the show ended.