by limiting car usage, research has shown there is less greenhouse gas emissions, a promotion in alternative transportation, and can result in a new and improved safe society. to begin, the advantages of limiting car usage reduces the amount of pollution that is emitted into the air, resulting in a more environmental friendly neighborhood. according to research in vauban, germany, ...passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe...and up to  percent in some car intensive areas in the united states. source  many locations around the world are taking this act into perspectiveincluding not only vauban,germanybut also paris,france, bogota,colombia, and even cities in the united states that are reducing these numbers drastically and making a beneficial change in the environment. if the pattern persistsand many sociologists believe it willit will have benefitial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions. next, with the declining usage of cars, citizens are left with alternative transportations that are beneficial. many people have gone from driving carsgetting from point a to point bto visiting parks and sports centers, which can lead to an increase in physical activity. another advantage to giving up your car can also lead to less trafic. according to the new routine in colombia, colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a carfree day...leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams.source  in paris, officials are enforcing drivers to clear the air of the global city with a partial driving ban. with this new ban in play, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. source  since the change, public transit from friday to monday was free of charge. as you can see, these changes are coming into effect and are changing the world in various positive ways. heidrun walter said, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this wayreferring to giving her car up. source  businessman carls artuo plaza also says, this is a good opportunity to reduce stress and lower air pollution. source  in addition, the reduction of car usage leads to a safer environment. according to mr. sivaks research, there has been a large drop in the pecentage of  to yearolds getting a license, while older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age.source  a study found that driving by young people decreased by  percent between  and . with this evolutionary change in peoples everyday lives, many large numbers are drastically going down, revealing numerous advantages. the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak, the rates of car ownership per household and per person has started to come down two to three years before the downturn, and demographic shifts in the driving population all reveal that people may find less reason to resume to their cardriven habits. to conclude, the limiting of car usage can improve the environent, can result in numerous transportation opportunities, and can lead to a safer society.