if you ask me whether i was for or against the development of these driverless cars, i would be completely against it. i think technology is taking over everything, people cant rely on technology one hundred pecrcent of the time, and imagine how expensive itll all be. these driverless cars could potentially be a good thing, but in my opinion, i dont like the idea of it. more and more as this generation goes by, we are seeing so much new technology being invented. according to the passage, before , they couldnt have interesting stuff, they didnt have the resources. now only  years later, theyre coming out with driverless cars. its astonishing how far technology has come. there isnt a day that goes by that i dont use technology in my life. personally, i wish that wasnt true. im tired of everyone being so hooked and addicted to the use of technology. i dont think driverless cars should be the next big thing because i dont like the idea of having to rely on technical work. i dont think people should have to depend one hundred percent on technology. weve all experienced technical difficulties in other devices, what stops the cars from having difficulties as well? although the passage states that the driver can still maintain the vehicle, i dont want to have my safety within the control of a smart car. cars now are as expensive as all get out. could you imagine the cost of a self driving car? id assume its pretty steep. futurists have already determined that the smart road idea was too expensive to be practical, so why wouldnt smart cars be just as impractical? even if the government could afford to manufacture these cars, id imagine only the upper class society would be the only ones capable of purchasing them. my position of being completely against driverless cars still holds strong. we shouldnt need to be so lazy we cant even drive ourselves. i dont think technology is that reliable for our safety. honestly, i dont imagine people being able to afford such invention. in all, i just dont see the general population benefitting from a driverless car.