theres a new trend that has been developing for years now, and soon will be in full throttle affect. the mass amount of polution being produced worldwide over the years has been at terrifying levels, up until the last five to ten years. although not the first cause of the polution, gases emitted from transportation is the second largest contributer to this green house gas issue going on, according to source . an idea to hinder this growing issue and potentially put the polution levels at a decline is the effort to limit personal car usage. by doing this, we inhabitants of the world are able to help clear the air, reduce congestion on the streets, and live a simpler, more cost efficient lifestyle. polution, as we know, is an ongoing trend that is proving lethal to our environment. factories and power plants are the number one cause of polution in the world. this is almost inevitable, since we have yet to develop a way to produce in mass amounts in a clean way. however, what we can have a part in is limiting the personal car usage to promote cleaner air. public transportation, carpooling, and hybridelectric cars have been seen as the alternative to owning personal cars. those options are also seen as the solution, considering their contribution to the act since the number of miles driven per person was nearly  percent below the peak of  source . reducing the amout of miles driven links to the amout of dangerous gases emitted into the air, therefor having cleaner air. rush hour traffic is obnoxious and is the least fun part of driving. encouraging people to drive less and either walk, bike, or use public transportation will help end the long waits sitting bumpertobumper on the roads. in france, a study was done where fines were placed on people who drove by themselves or with only one passenger excluding hybrids and plug in cars. according to the source, congestion was down  percent. just a week of not driving with personal gasoline or diesel cars proved to be extremely beneficial in clearing out the streets, making for easier courses to work. the concept is truly simple. we use less cars, theres less people on the street, and you can get to and fro much faster and without hassle. reducing the number of cars on the street is also a goodway to inspire motor companies to be inventive. losing business will ultimately result in extermination of the business, unless the corporation is able to come up with new products to satisfy the consumer. mitsubishi is a automotive company that also makes air conditioners. according to source , ford and mercedes are rebranding themselves to comply with the new trend. almost everyone wants to live a clean, healthy and simple lifestyle and participation in limiting the number of cars driven daily is a very easy way to do so. heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, said,when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way source . this refers to the successful suburban trial in vauban, germany to no longer own cars. parking on the street, personal garages, and driveways in general are seen as taboo in the living district near france and switzerlands border source . very few people own cars, let alone drive them. not only does lowering the usage of cars help the environment and make the journey to wherever youre going much less complicated, it also initiates the restoration of things considered not as important such as sidewalks, parks, and public transport systems. the more people using the utilities, the more cities will fund them and make the experience more enjoyable. in bogata, the day without cars campaign has led to  miles of bycle paths being constructed source . the chain of events will lead to more and more people utilizing their bikes and feet to get around, instead of cars. driving used to be considered the most popular way to get around town from point a to point b and back. but now, with a push to limit personal car usage, a positive switch is happening to where more and more people are no longer relying on their vehicles to move aboutinstead bikes, subways and buses, and even just our own two feet are our means of transportation. this smart planning reduces green house gases along with traffic congestion, and also promotes a simpler, healthier lifestyle.