venus is like earth, but long ago it was it had some life but not a lot, big masses of oceans. but some of the features are analogus to like what we have on earth. for instace it has a surface of rocky sediment, and includes familiar features such a valleys, mountains, and craters. today we recall venus as our twin, because venus is the clost in size and density, and close in distance too. it is also recalled as the evening star,because venus is one of our brightest points of light in the night sky, the name is sometimes misleading knowing that venus is actually a planet. venus can also be a dangerous visting spot for nasa to go to or even humans. venus has a  carbon dioxide atmosphere, making it hard for a human being to breathe. whats even more challenging is that the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what earth experiences. the conditions for venus are far more extreme than anything that a human would encounter on earth. an enviornment would crush a submarine accustomed to diving into the deepest parts of our ocean and liqufey many metals. sister planet has the hottest surface temperature of all the other planets on the solar system, even though mercury is the planet right next to the sun. through the high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earth quakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. scientists also stated that at thirtyplus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be warm and the temperature of  degrees fahrenheit. but the air pressure would still be close to the sea level on earth. more importantly, researchers cannot take any samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therfore, scientists seeking a conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal risks. throught out the story its was describing about venus and how it had life on it way before human life was made. also described the dangers about walking, touching, getting close to the planet venus. the story was also about how venus is our twin or sister planet and the evening star, describing how they got those nicknames. also about how nasa how some of their electronics could have been tested on venuss surface, and how devices played an important role in the s during world war two.