i belive the devlopment of driverless cars is a great idea. although none of the cars developed so far are completley driverless, that is something that we will more than likely see in the future, and as soon as . there are many positive outcomes with having driverless cars. one outcome being cars that dont use as much fuel. another positive from having driverless cars is that they have all kinds of sensors to ensure the safety of the passengers. one other benefit is that they have the ability to notify drivers when they are needed. a really big and important benefit of having driverless cars is the potential they have to be better for the environment and the economy. google cofounder sergey brin envensions cars that would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus. this would be a great improvement for the environment and the economy. another benefit of having driverless cars is that they have all kinds of sensors. one important sensor is located on the roof of the car. its called lidar and it uses laser beams to form a constant updating d model of the cars surroundings. the combination of all this input is very important for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. this ensures that the car always knows what is around it to make sure it is driving as safely as possible. with this tool, people dont have to worry about keeping a safe distance from other cars or getting too close to the side of the road. the car has it all under control. one last benefit of driverless cars is that they have the ability to notify the drivers when they are needed. in , bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. they notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, like navigatin through work zones or around accidents. in order to notify the driver, some cars announce when they are needed, others have flashing lights on the windshield, and some make the seat vibrate. driverless cars exist now, but i belive they will become more popular and advanced as time goes on. i think people will really start to see all the benefits of driverless cars. they can do many fascinating things things that people would have never even thought of cars being able to do, and that is why i think driverless cars are so beneficial.