how do we decide somebody is happy or not just looking at the picture? now, the scientists improve the new software that can tell us how the somebody really emotion is. prof. thomas huang and his colleague are the specialists in development of better ways for humans and computers to communicate. can we calculate the emotion by using the computer? of course,we can calculate the emotion by using the computer. dr. paul eckman create the facsfacial action coding system.eckman classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness that are associated with the facial muscles movement. the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in classroom have advantages and disadvantages.a class room comuter could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,dr. haung predicts. so, we can give them the appropiate lessons that make them happy and fun. in that way, we can improve the students needs in the school. today,most of the student rely on the technologies and social media. most of the social media today are intend to the bad. most of the students use their phones to communicate each others. therefore, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, notes dr. huang. people are rather talking with the phones than face to face. therefore we cant see their face and we dont know how to help them. by using the facs to the classroom,we can help the student who need help. our face cant lie our genuine emotion. according to the article facial feedback theory of emotion show that moving our facial muscles not only expresses emotions but also may eben help produce them. how do we produce the smiles. for instance, when we see the ad that is the ad of pizzas, in our mind we want to eat them when we see it. like that ,using the facs can help our student by making some funny movies to the sad students and making motivation speeches to the depress students. most of our students are facing worries and fear because in our country has so many stress. and teachers should know their students situation and so they can help at least they dont know their students problems. and a genuine smile can infect to the others. the drama coach constantin stanislavsky said that he encourage his actors carefully produce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotion on stage. he knew that human can imitate other person facial expression. finally,we have the new technology to revel our trure emotional expression of face. we have so many others advantages using these technology in others fields. in our school we should use this tech because it may give us more improvement in mental of our students. but somes might not like it because some dont want somebody know their emotions. whatever, we need to care is what is really improve our society and our education through technology.