in the article making mona lisa smile, the author describes how a new techonology system enables computers to identify emotions. the author makes his claim by stating, imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. new software has been developed that improves accuracy in preciving emotions of others. in this essay, i will argue my opinion whether the use of this technology in classrooms is valuable. i believe that this technology to potentially be used in classrooms to recognise a students emotional expression is valuable because, in the article the author states that,a classroom computer could recognise when a student is becoming confused or bored. this simply means that in a case where a student isnt understanding a topic the teacher is trying to teach through an online program the computer could switch up the lesson and make it more intresting for the child. this is an extrordinary idea because, when a student isnt progressing with a lesson the way they should then the computer can make the lesson easily understandable and then grades within a student skyrocket and they become better learners. with saying this, a student may need some type of extra boost while getting bored in the classroom while learning a lesson. therefore, this technology that can detect facial emotions could become a crucial part in better understanding a lesson. these types of technology in the classroom is definely a valuable item for not only teachers, but the students themselves. furthermore, this facial expression detecting device may be a breakthrough for all schools and education systems due to the learning rates within a childs success. in addition to this, the author also makes a claim in paragraph six stating,then it coud modify a lesson, like a human instructor. the author simply means that with the technology identifying the facial expressions of a child while learning a lesson the omputercould modify the lesson as if it were the students instructor to help them better understand what is being taught. not only would the student benifit from these things but, the teacher as well. i believe this because, the teachers may feel more confident with giving a challenging but also helpful lesson to the student, while still giving them the quality education they need. in addition to saying this, i believe that this newly discovered technology could improve schools and classrooms which are definitely extremely valuable within a clasrooms in enviorment due to these factors stated in the previous paragraphs. in conclusion,i believe that the new technology is an extremely valuable concept to be installed in classrooms. in the article of making mona lisa smile the author makes a claim about the technology with saying, imagine being able to detect exactly how other peope are feeling even when they try to hide their emotions. this statement says a great deal alone and makes a claim of why these peices of technology should be installed in clasrooms and helps define why they are valuable to classrooms.