the face on mars is most definitely something, just not what conspiracies say it is. it isnt some ancient alien artifact. photos taken by satelites and other evidence shows that it is merely just a naturally formed mesa, much like the ones we see here on our own planet. it may be interesting to imagine that its the reminants of an ancient civilization gone for thousands of years, but that reality will unfortunately end up staying in our heads. the first images of the ghostly face, taken in nineteen seventysix, were quite blurry. this is probably one reason that it has been mistaken as evidence of life on mars. another possible reason that it looked so humanlike was because of the shadows the face was casting on to the martian surface. the shadows blended together to create an even more obscured image. all of these things caused people to mistake the face on mars for something more than it really is. the second time nasa took photos of the mysterious figure, the camera took them ten times sharper than the previous ones. this provided even clearer evidence that the face was actually just part of the rustcolored martian landscape. unfortunately, the pictures were take during a cloudy time of year for mars, which in turn added a slight layer of haziness to the image. this cause theorists to says that the view of the markings made by the aliens was concealed by the heavy amount of clouds. i cant understand why skeptics would think this. its pretty unreasonable in my opinion. some people even believe that nasa is hiding the true reality of the photographs from the rest of the world. my question to them is, why would nasa do that? if nasa really did find evidence of life on mars, there would be no reason to hide it. in fact, it would be good for nasa. it would draw more attention to the organization and maybe more people would become interested in their findings. my point is that nasa would have nothing to hide. the final images didnt have anything in them for conspiracy theorists to use against nasas claims, finally putting the myths about the face on mars to rest. the images had extremely high clarity, better than any of the pictures taken before. these final photos proved that the face wasnt anything made by alien lifeforms, but just a regular mesa. the proof may have let some people down, but it has satisfied a lot of people, too.