in this day and age, car ownership is extremely common among people of all demographics, despite its negative effects on the environment. cars burn fuels incompletely, releasing harmful byproducts into the atmosphere that can cause thick smog to occur, among other things. many people have realized the damage caused and have abstained from using personal motor vehicles, or have at least decreased in their use. however, many people still do not know all the advantages that come from living a carfree lifestyle. living without a car may seem daunting at first due to its reputation as the most popular mode of transportation since its inception. when these preconcieved notions are brushed aside, the benefits can shine through. limiting car usage is not only costeffective, but it also dramatically decreases greenhouse gas emissions, lowers obesity, and allows people to conserve the nonrenewable resources that cars depend on. cleaner cities lead to less illness and a better quality of life for its citizens. limiting car usage can be very costeffective, especially in a place like vauban, germany. in this particular town, it costs , just to park, not including the costs of the actual car, gas, tolls, and repairs that come with being a car owner. it is much more inexpensive to simply walk, bike, or utilize public transportation. people may have to give up a small amount of convienience, but they will surely enjoy the spike in their finances once they become accustomed to life without a car. without cars, an opening becomes apparent for cheap transportation. walking, biking, and skating can replace the need for cars. these methods require people to put in effort to get to their destination. this effort burns calories for energy and allows the user to commute and exercise at the same time, allowing people to lead healthier, more active lifestyles. with the current obesity epidemic occurring in the united states, humanpowered transportation is a viable option that is worth considering for the sake of americas heath. if cars are banned, cities will build more and more bike paths to accomodate the needs of the people just as it has happened in bogota, columbia. reducing obesity would mean reclaiming the millions of dollars lost each year to healthcare costs on obesity related illnesses, such as heart disease. cutting out cars could be the healthiest choice people ever make. greenhouse gases trap heat near earths atmosphere and contribute to climate change and biodiversity loss. car emissions are a large part of the total emissions released, but that has the potential to change. building cities closer together promotes walking in leiu of driving and reduces the amount of cars on te road, spewing their toxic byproducts. slowing down climate change should be the most important reason why cities everywhere should take the initiative and eliminate cars. any small inconvience caused by not owning a personal vehicle is quickly outweighed by all the benefits the world can reap through getting rid of cars, once and for all. the problems they have inflicted on the world can finally be neutralized.