mona lisa is one of the worlds most famous paintings, but did you know that even though she isnt real computers can still reconize her face and unlock things. in the article mona lisa smiles, by nick d alto he explanes how dr. paul eckman, the creator of facs, made a system where computer can reconize your face. many may argue that the new facial action coding system leads the emotional expression of students in a classroom is valuable this is shown by, mona lisa being able to be reconized by compters even though shes a painting, computer can knowlege the students faces and lastly, the computers can make you happy. firstly, mona lisa is being able to be reconized by computer even though she is a painting. dr. paul eckman made a system where computers unlock themselves and consisders your emotion by your facial expressiona and the tempertures from your body. nick states, shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry d alto . this quote show that the computers saw her facial expression and determined how she was feeling. it also shows that the computers can see anyones face and unlock any device. secondly, computer can reconize their faces and only unlock for the students. the system would be very useful in school because it will determine the students facial expreesion and alert the teacher or the computer if the student needs help or is having a difficult time with their work. nick states, a classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored d alto . this quotes shows that the teachers will have a easier time teaching and knowing which student will need help by the computer alrting them and showing that they need help. lastly, the computer can make the students more happy. making smiley to your computer can make you more happy. moving your facial muscels expresses more emotions. nick states, according to facial feedback thoeory of emotion, moving your facial muscels not only expresses emotions, but also may help produce them d alto . this quote shows that making faces at your computer can make your emotions change and feel better. in conclution, computers can help the students and schools just by facial expressions. in todays world we have phones that easily unlock itself just by looking at it. many may argue that emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable, it is, because it will help the students learn more from the computers knowleging that they need help.