the face is a natural landform in cydonia on mars, it wasnt created by extraterrestrials. i can prove the face is only a natural landform bescause there are similiar rock formations near cydonia that show zero evidence of aliens, nasa hasnt been bringing in thousands of dollars from the discovery, and scientists discovered nothing strange about the rocks besides its resemblance to landforms common around the american west. the article, unmasking the face on mars, brought the fact that there are similiar rock formations near cydonia that show absolutely no evidence of alien manufacturing to the readers attention. this statement and fact proves that aliens did not create a face out of rock on mars, let alone exist on mars. the actual quote is, scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, only this one had unsual shadows that made it look like an eygptian pharaoh. a few days after the discovery, nasa released the image to the public along with this statement huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. also, if the face was really formed by aliens, nasa would be getting thousands and thousands of dollars from the discovery that there are other beings that arent living on earth. the author of unmasking the face on mars also brought up the counterargument that the face was indeed made by aliens. but then provided the reader with viable information that shuts down the counterargument. some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on marsevidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. meanwhile, defenders of nasas budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. the last piece of evidence that proves the face is just a land formation on mars is that scientists discovered nothing out of the ordinary about the rock formations, besides the resemblance to land formations in the american west. after using a professional camera, scientists released this statement what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. these reasons support the statement that the face is only a land formation and wasnt created by aliens.