imagen no longer having to sit though a boring online lecture, being able to find the lecture helpful and not a drag or a bother. well with technologies like dr. huang and dr. paul eckmans facs or facial action coding system, that is quite possible. with a technology that is able to read and recognise facial expressions, it can help improve students online lectures and help them pay attention and focus. a technoloy like facs that can read emotions through facial msucle movment would provide the education system with a better way to connect to the students and aid in their emotional focus to the lectures and assignments providing a valuable aid to student education. even though humans can already perform similar actions, being able to tell what those around you are feeling by looking at their face. humans can only calculate how such individuals are feeling and many fail to get a appropriate calculation. as dr. huang notes,  most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. so for a computer to be able to read nonverbal expressions is very helpful as most students are kept to themselves. a computer with the facs tecnonly would be able to recongize a studetns needs when learning on line. as dr. huang states,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored allowing the computer to modity the lesson. this ability to recognize emotions through facial movment can help improve the students performance by modifying lessosn to meet their educational needs. as some students already have trouble focusing in class and loose attetnion when lessons are boring or they just simply dont understand. technologies like facs provide the students with an adaptive and responsive system that will help them improve their focus and learn more affectively. on the other hand some people may argue that technologies like facs are an invasion of privacy. or that these technologies can not really tell your emotions. these technologie dont do anything millions and millions of people do not already do everyday, read facial expression. the is what tecnologies like facs do they read and recognize facial movments to determine emotion. just like all of us do when trying to figure out the feelings of those around us. these techonlogies use a complex level of facial recognition invented and tested by proffesionals like dr. huang. as well as dr. paul eckman who studies anatomatical movments and sturcutres. being able to classify six basic emotions those being,  happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. even though these six can not analyzse every single emotion it will analyzse the one expressed the most. allowing those around, like teachers and instructures to aid in figuring out what is wrong with an individual and how to help them perform better. so overall technologies like facs which are able to read facial muslce movments are benefitail to student learing. a technoloy capable of adapting to analysed human emotion will help studnets learn , focus and feel more attented to in their learning. by identifying the emotion these technologies can also help teachers and guidecne counselors work towards aiding those students which are emotinally depressed and need help but wont verbally say it. such technologies not only offer a way to aid and improve student attention in learning but also help those students who hide their emotional prolems, which affect their learning by having teacehrs and counselors provide that help thanks to technologies that can read emotional expressiosn