is studying the planet venus dangerous? this article i am reading is called,  the challenge of exploring venus. this article mainly mentions about the planet venus, its conditions, and expierences. this planet is sometimes known as the  eveninng star. this planet has alot of reasons why it shouldnt be studied. the temperature conditions on planet venus are extremely high, it is also the second planet closest to the planet earth, and scienstist wont even be able to observe this planet closly. to start off with the planet venus temperature are extremely high. in the text it mentions,  on the planet surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenneit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth. this is a piece of evidence with specific datails exlpaining how hot this planet could get. this planet is  times greater than our actually temperature. if a human were able to go to this planet and actually land they wouldnt even last atleast  seconds on that planet. secondly planet venus is the second more nearest to the earth. which means venus is also most closest to the sun. venus goes around the earth in different speeds. that could probably be a reason why venus has extremely high temperatures. in the text it states,  each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this text talks about how they had to stop giving missions to venus because the nasa realized they couldnt do much more if their partners couldnt even survive. instead of keeping the missions for this planet they had to cancel it all since they were eventually getting no type of information but for the weather. the last reason was that nasa cant even get near the planet because the conditions are terrible. they will have to experince the planet from a specifc distance. in the text it states, at thirty plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level o earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels.not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. this is a piece of evdence explaining on how distance nasa will be from the planet. it even mentions the temperature, and how the conditions would be hard but it helps for humans to survive. nasa will be floating around the earth trying to experience any little thing they could possibly get their eyes on. the cant even take samples of rocks, gas , or anything else. in conclusion, i believe venus couldnt get studied. my reasons are becuase the temperature conditionsare pretty high, it is the closest to the sun and the earth, and nasa wouldnt even be able to experience this planet closelsy. these reasons are why i believe planet venus shouldnt get studied, it is too dangerous.