in this essay i will be explaining how the face of the moons theroys began. how the face of the moon was captured and found by nasa. i will be expaling the description of the face of the moon. also how the face of the moon became famous. in conclusion the face of the moon was not made by aliens but made natural. the paragrpah im writing will consest of the theroys of the face of the moon. the first theroy of the moon began when a camrea on board the mgs had to peer through a wispy cloud, and thought alien markings were hidden by haze. after the examination from labs they found out that the martian face resembled a butte or mesa landform commonly found in the american west. the face of the moon represents a lava dome that has the form of a isolated mesa the same size of it. in conclusion the theroys are incorrect of the face of the moon. this paragrpah will be explaining the face of the moons discovery. the face of the moon was discovered by nasas viking  spacecraft on may ,  when it spotted a shadowy figure of some what of a human face. when the face of the moon was examined at the jet propulsion lab scientist figured out it was another martian mesa. after examing the face of the moon the authors resaoned a good way to attract public attenistion to mars. in conclusion the face of the moon startled many scientist. my paragraph will be demostrating the charactics the face of the moon has. the face of the moon has a face like a human which is located in the center of the moon. also the moon resemblise the nose, eyes, and mouth of a human. the face of the moon has a shodow that makes it look like an egyptian pharaoh. the face of the moon has many charactics that have followed its discovery. this paragraph will talk about how the face of the moon became famous. it became famous by starting off as an illusion but then becoming a pop icon that has stared in hollywood films, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for  years. people even think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. a few scientist belived the face of the moon was an alien artifact after examining the facts. in conclusion the face of the moon has made a big impact on fame. in this paragrpah i will be describing the face of the moon. nasa has done reasherch, and has figured out the face on the moon was not made by aliens. also the theroys of the moon were proven wrong by experts concluding the face was made natural. even after experts examined the pictures taking from the moon conclude it has similar charaistics to the human face. the illusion of the face of the moon has brought many attention to it making it a big event in fame espacalliy in hollywood. in conclusion the theroys and facts behind the face of the moon prove that it was not made by aliens but made natural and is similar to a butta or mesa.