what would you think about driverless cars driving around your neighborhood? i would totally disagree and be against of these cars. i wouldnt accept it at all because of these three reasons it will be a big risk of our lives, we cant trust in technology on everything, and it would cost a lot of money. you are probably thinking how can it be dangerous, useless, and expensive?. well let me explain it to you why. the first reason it would be a big risk for all our lives. why? well, it can really be dangerous. for example if you are driving in a highway with your children the car might malfunction and get in an accident and damage or probably worse kill your children. it could happen, like another example what if you are driving in your driverless car and out of no where your car stops and the car behind you malfuntions and crashes into you, you could be severly damage anything could happen like that. we have to know what we are getting into before we all try it because it can save our lives. another reason we cant trust on technology on everything. like i said driving can be very dangerous and letting our lives in technologys hands can be a big risk. we cant trust them on everything, sure its really cool thinking hey we can have driverless cars but no it can be very dangerous. for example what if we need to go somewhere and we trust that the car can take us to our destination, but we realize later the car took us to the wrong turn now we are heading the wrong direction. it is better for us to drive our own with us humans controlling the vehicle. final reason it can be very expensive. what is one thing that is a big pain in all of us in our lives? money. money is difficult for all of us, it basically controls us. the one thing we all know that the car will be really expensive and it will be hard to buy one. people will want to buy because it looks cool or it will really help them in their lives. i think they are a waste of time, we are perfectly fine with normal cars that take us wherever we need to go and thats it we dont need expensive cars. this car isnt a need but only a want for everyone. so in my opinion i think driverless cars are a dangerous, useless, and expensive. dangerous because it is a big risk in our lives. useless because we cant always trust on technology about everything even if it involves our lives. lastly, it will be too expensive and it will not be a need for everyone. so in your opinion what do you think of driverless cars?