i do not see how you would think that it would be created by aliens i mean we have rocks, hills, and mountains. so there really is not different sure it may be weird that there is a structure on a planet that looks like a face. but we have weird structures that look like crosses and or objects. if you think it is made by aliens than i guess almost the whole earth is made by aliens. its an object that is on a planet in our solar system. for all we know there could be water and all sorts of things on mars. there could be a whole nother life form on that planet. if so are you going to say they are aliens too. they may lok at us and say that were aliens because they have never saw us before. for all we know that could have been a mound that people or animals lived in. if you look carefully at the picture it looks like there are more than just that one mound. so there very well could be a whole nother life form we will never know. my opinion theyre could be people on mars. i mean there was another planet that a while back that we found out had some type of water type substance on it. so i think there are people on mars. because if we can live on a planet that means there must be another one somewhere. earth cannot be the only planet with water, trees, grass, sand, dirt, humans, and animals. this means we should look farther into this and maybe we wll find out if there really is any other life form. it very well could be an odd shaped mound or it could be a home. think of it this way we have weird looking houses, hills, trees, and clouds. so why dont you think that there is life on mars. if we saw any weird looking space crafts or any type of alien equipment we would have let you know. so if you think that it is an alien creation explain why it would look like that. if i was to show you a odd shaped rock would you say it was created by aliens. so just think to yourself is this thing really made by aliens or am i just over thinking things. after you think about that does it really seem like its created by aliens. but out of all seriousness there is no way that its made by aliens. the thing about it being made by aliens is why would they make it a human face on mars. dont you think that if they were trying to say something they would put it on the moon or something. i mean just think logically if they were wanting us to see something they would put it closer. this is just an object on a planet. there are many objects on many different planets and i do not think theyre made by aliens. if they were like i said they would be closer to us. but they are not close enough. have you ever heard about the man in the moon. so you are going to try and tell me that the man in the moon is an alien creation. no it is just a natural landform, nothing any different than what we have on earth. the moon has craters from asteroids, are the asteroids from aliens no they are just boulders that fall out of orbit. for all we know it could have been hit by multiple asteroids.