i think im leaning more on the positives of driveless cars. i mean i also think it could be a bad idea for many reasons but im gonna go for them. like my dad always said he wishes that he could have a car that could drive itself. now his dream could possibly come true. me, i dont think i would fully trust the fact that the car in controlling itself but im still for it. here are my reasons why. i would trust a drivless car more than i would trust some of these idiots driving on the road today. this could also help with the whole texting and driving or drinking and driving. which im not saying now you can do those things but your car will drive itself so we dont have to worrk about that person hitting and killing another person. plus they put alot of effort and great hardware into these vehicles. but none of these cars are completely driverless they have touch sensors on the steering wheel to make sure the driver keeps a hold on the wheel. i think it would be a very cool experience to drive in a car that can steer, accelerate, and brake on their own. once again i dont fully trust this idea but im willing to go to the positives brfore the negatives. i like how if the driver wants to take over all the mechanics that the car is doing itself shut off instantly so you can take over. that would make me feel a whole lot more comfortable in a car that drives itself. it says in the law that traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all time. so that has something to do with the release of these new cars. they just have to prove that these cars can be safe on the road then manufacturers believe that more states will follow. open up to this new and cool idea. but i dissagree with this idea at the fact that it could be dangerous. in the text it states, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer. im not going to jail for life for something i had no control over. so all in all i think that this idea is neat. it would be very fasinating to see if they really do operate well. but like i said i also kind of disagree with this driveless car thing because if that tchnology fails then what happens. so if they prove the safety and hardware to make it  safe then im in. and im pretty sure my dad will be too.