all of our development since world war ii has been centered on the car, and that will have to change. david goldberg. automobiles have been a major impact on todays technology. the creation of the car was a huge turning point in history. even though this machine has been such an amazing creation, it still causes a lot of damage in society. cars affect both the environment and humans. the limit of car usage would be great because then the amount of pollution would decrease, less traffic would occur, and it makes way for alternative transportation opportunities. in the united states, the environmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities. the reduction of cars can lead to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. according to elisabeth rosenthal, cities are choking due to the increase number of emissions. paris had hit nearrecord pollution which lead to an enforced ban of partial driving to clear the air of the global city. acoording to robert duffer, paris typically has more smog than other european capital. in bogota, colombia there is a day called day without cars, there they only let buses and taxis drive around and their goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. if anybody goes against this, they would have to pay . its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, said businessman carlos arturo plaza. this day became really big in colombia and improved their cities overall look. furthermore, the limitation of car usage would decrease the amount of traffic. traffic is an ongoing issue in everyday life. people arrive late to work or school or wherever they need to go due to traffic or an accident. during the day without cars in colombia, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses, leaving the city devoid of traffic jams. traffic jams are usually stressful so if that gets reduced with the limitation of car usage, then stress levels get reduced as well, causing mentally healthier people. traffic jams also occur due to accidents. car accidents are one of the many reasons why people end up in hospitals, get sued, get hurt, or loose money. with the limitation of car usage, all these issues will be resolved. moreover, new alternative transportation vehicles can come into play with the reduction on car usage. there is a plan where they want suburbs to play a much larger role in a new sixyear federal transportation bill to be approved. also, during the day without cars, the goal is to promote alternative transportation. lately, new transportation vehicles have been discovered and created. some include, a flying car, an elevated train that gets you from point a to point b in seconds, and new hybrid cars. technology keeps progressing every single day. today people may be driving their normal suvs but by tomorrow, they could be drivng the new highspeed flying ferrari. people are always keeping in mind while creating these machines about how it will affect the community and the consumers. since it is obvious that the environment isnt as healthy as it was before, they must make sure that these machines limit pollution and emissions that affect the world negatively. overall, the limit of car usage would be a good thing. as time goes on people may not even need cars anymore to move from place to place. if everyone works together to solve these issues then the world would become a much better place. the final goal is to get rid of all the bad emissions and issues and just stick to what is best for the environment. when the environment is healthy, the humans are healthy.