i am against the making of driverless cars. us as human have been driving for quite a while now, and as they say if it aint broke, dont fix it. many people bring up the statistics of car crashes and deaths. what they do not see is that almost all of them are because the driver was impared. they could have been drinking, under the influence of a drug, texting, or distracted by some other object. there should not be driverless cars because it is too dangerous with the technology and hacking there is now, it will also cost millions or even billions of dollars,and in a dangerous situation nothing compares to the human mind. making these driverless cars is too dangerous because of the technology. someone could easily get in the cars system and make it crash or break it in general. if a human was driving, that would not happen because he or she would be in control of the car. the car could also get bugs or viruses like an everyday computer does. with all the technology already in it this could make the car stop working completely. maybe when the car stopped working the driver was coincidentally asleep or not paying attention. then they would veer of the road injuring them or someone else. many people would not be comfortable knowing a car is driving itself when someone could get into it and sabotage it. with all this fancy technology in these cars, it will not be very cheap. it is expensive to make cars today with little technology in them, just imagine all the electronics they would have to put in the driverless cars. that would cost these companies a lot which would make these cars even more expensive for the average people. adding this to the cost of insurance, everyone would be in debt, just for a little more safety. they say these cars have not crashed yet, but eventually some will. when that happens you will just have to buy another one. only the very wealthy wouldbe able to afford them. why spend all this money, when we can do it already? in dangerous driving situations, nothing can compare to the human mind. computers do not have emotions or reflexes to veer out of the way. if all these cars come to a fourway stop at the same time, who will know when to go first. also these cars could not compute with all the drving situations there are. humans do because we have experience. that is something cars cannot have. we made cars and we have learned how to use them well, why change it? we should keep having humans drive cars. instead of spending all this money on safer cars, lets just hit the source and fix the drivers. we could spend money on cracking down on drivers under the influence, stopping texting. if you want to spend money on cars, make one that notices when the driver is texting or has been drinking. we should not spend this money in advances insted of fixing the problem. we should not get driverless cars because the technology people can get is too dangerous, this will cost people loads of money that they need somewhere else, and these cars cant do what humans can do.