have we not all thought how good it would be having a car driving by itself? but have we really thought would it be such a good idea for our future? i believe driveless cars are dangerous for our future. its just our dreams actually being more of a nightmare when it happens. we may think its helping us but its a dream putting our lifes in danger. driveless cars arent such a good idea for our future. we have to think of it in a certain way honestly. what if something goes wrong with the programing, for example the car turning off when you are driving. wouldnt that be a nightmare alright. the system could fail when you need it the most. just imagine your car taking you to the wrong place, just times wasted when you couldve done it yourself. safety plays a big role for a driveless car. we have to think in our safety. the system in the car could go wrong and when you know it you are in a crash. youre putting your life in danger also the people who are in the car with you. you are basically letting the car have your life and other in its power, when it could be yours. imagine it failing to detect people around, youre going to hurt someone else for what your car did, and not you. it better to know you have control of your car and do what you want to do. its not the driveless car is going to stop accidents, it will most likely increase car accidents. and the driveless car cant read signs, it could go wrong ways, keep on driving when the light is on red, and change lanes when you dont want it too. is a car that drive itself even worth it? we can already imagine the price for a car that can drive itself, its obviosly going to be expinsive. it maybe a car that does not do certain things you want it to. like for example, will it go a certain speed, change lanes, and give services you want it too. most importantly will it let you sleep? it will not because it most likely want you to check on it even if its driving by itself. like in paragraph  it says while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. its basically saying you are still going to have to pay attention on the road. we all seem to have thought have a car that drive itself would be good but when we think about the cons of it, it makes you not want to buy it anymore. when you think about it, you are putting your self in danger. you dont want yourself or your love ones to get hurt. its better that you who knows the road, to be in charge. a car that drives you isnt so benificial as you thought. its better to keep it the way it is and you drive it yourself with your two hands and be caution of what happens around you, and to be safe.