firstly i thought that the author did a good job writing this essay. studying venus is a worthy and risky thing. scientist know how dangerous the planet is because of how close the planet is to the sun. the reason that i said the planet is so dangerous is because in paragraph  it states that additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. thats a reason of why its so dangerous to the human studying, like i said its worthy or risky task to do. although our planet earth is be compared to planet venus in the article, both planets are about the same size and density wise. secondly i dont think anybody would survive in such harsh environment planet venus is in. there are horrible conditions scientist have to think about before exploring it. in paragraph  it states that a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. basically its saying that theres like a shield covering most of the planet covered in carbon dioxide. the temperature in planet venus is so horrific that suns hottness could burn an entire submarine even when its in the deepest part of the oceans. nasa could be working on other approaches considering to study planet venus despite the dangers it could bring. electronics are being made to help such a dangerous exploration. nasa are making heavy electronics to help guide scientist. they are making them in good heavy armored materials. there are many challenges they have to go through because like i said its a worthy or risky task for nasa and scientist. lastly i think that this type of work should involve like the government and military. theres literally no way someone could survive in such enviornment or such dangerous weather, like come on in paragraph  it states that at thirty plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on eath. in my opinion i dont think that going to explore a planet such like venus it wouldnt really be worth it because of how dangerous it could be. the scientist are onlu fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earth like planet in our solar system. in conclusion i dont ever think that the scientist will ever go to the planet. even if nasa does and try to create something in the future. the planet is too dangerous anyways. weve seen and read and heard of what that planet has in store for us, the best thing to do is to stay away and work on something else rather than trying to pursuit a dangerous exploration to such a dangerous to such a crazy planet such as planet venus.