in the article making mona lisa smile, the author very well explains on how a future technology innovation called facial action coding system will be able to indicate the emotions of a human being sitting in front of a computer screen. i say this is a pretty outrageous but innovative system but here is some evidence to back that up. first of all, the facs facial action coding system is able to detect the  basic emotions of a human being such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. in the article, author nick dalto says,the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. meaning, that the computer can recognize the movements of your facial muscles to be able to determine your emotions. examples of muscle movements to indicate your emotions are like raising your eyebrows. that can indicate that youre surprised. or how around your mouth can tighten up, that can mean youre angry. on the other hand, i feel like this system of being able to determine a human beings emotions by facial expressions may seem a little faulty. due to the fact that there will always be more than one person in this planet who has the ability to hack into the system of an adult or even a child and potentially put that person at a risk of danger. referring back to paragraph , i feel like if this facial action coding system was to come into play of our daily activities through technology, it should stay in an educational public environment such as a library or a school. even then, i still feel like we need to receive some sort of permission to access this type of computer software due to the fact it seems like some high quality program. back to my claim, i feel like this software program would actually be pretty unique not only to test it out but to really know that the system itself does function properly. you can only imagine how chidren are going to react seeing that type of technology around them. even without using the system, humans perform the same type of impressive calculations everyday. for instance, if youre really close with a person its like you can immediately tell how that person is feeling by looking at their facial expression. for example, if you walk into a room and see your friend with their head down and eyebrows lowered, you can kind of get a hint that your friend isnt feeling too well. in the article, it speaks about how about if you look in the mirror and make a particular facial expression referring to a basic human emotion, you can potentially start to feel that emotion. like if you were to just stand in front of the mirror smiling, you would start to feeling happy or boost your mood a little bit. overall, i feel like the facial action coding system is a pretty unique program in helping humans interact more with computers. although i also feel like there are some major concerns about the software, it can help us understand more and more of the technology that us humans have around us.