from the very start the author explains the pure beuty of venus, its nicknamed the evening star because its one of the brightest points of light in the sky. another name for this planet would be earths twin giving the planet a more welcoming and safer tone. the planet is nearly identical in density and size and in distance, because of its close range you would think studying such a planet would be easy. the only problem is that earth, venus, and mars orbit the sun at difrent speeds making venus sometimes farther from the earth than mars. venus is, in space terms, right around the corner so humans have sent numerous spacecraft, all unmanned, to go and inspect the planet to see if its safe for human contact. the only problem has been that all the spacecrafts sent have only lasted a couple of hours so to our knowledge it is uninhabitable. this could explain why we havent had a single spacecraft explore the area in over three decades. the info we have gathered also contributes to the dangerous nature of venuss reputation as a planet, the atmosphere is described as thick with a blanket of  carbon dioxide. a even more challenging factor is the fact that the clouds of venus are highly carosive. temperatures are over  degrees farenheit, the surface temperature of venus is the hottest out of all the plaenets in our solar system. theres other factor that make venus sound nearly inhospitable but if thats the case why do we still strive to learn more about this vishious planet? well its because this planet was most likely one of the closest planets related to earth, and still is, it says long ago, venus was probobly covered largely with oceans and could have suported various forms of life, just like earth. it is our sister planet and theres many fweatures of the planet that are undisputably analougous to those on earth. since the planet is so close it is a crucial factor in play giving how long it takes for spacecraft to reach its destination, saving us time and more reaserch. now the only question is making reserch safe and scientifically productive, which national aeronautics and space administration nasa has already been discusing and they have a compeling idea. what theyre discusing is a spacecraft that can hover over the planets fray , miles or so, out of harms way, safe for scientists to examine from afar and quicker to send spacecrafts to the surface. solar power would run the spacecraft and radiation from that distance would not exceed that of earths. conditions wont be easy but they would be managable enough for humans to survive. here on earth even theyres plenty of studies in the works on seing what technology would work best for surviving on venus. this includes a simple electronic made of silicone tested in a chamber simulating that of venuss harsh surface condition, this simple electronic has lasted three weks under these harsh conditions. with thechnology advancing and humans more and more eager to discover our sister planet, if we keep at it we should one day be able to survive on earths twin.