as the author mention that there is different risks to live in venus. the author uses explicit evidence to support that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it represent. no spacecraft has touch venus and will be difficult for the resistence of the spacecraft. the inner surface of venus and the tempeture will be tough. it will be a difficult task to live in venus. as a spacecraft aproches to the land in venus will be difficult and also the resistence of the spacecraft wont be good as aproching to land in venus. the author show us that there hasnt land a spacecraft in decades, since no spacecraft survided the landing for more than a few hours. this tell us that when the spacecraft is aproching to the surface of venus it will destroy trying to decend to the atmosphere, because of the tempeture of venus. also this could happen because there is no space fo the aircraft to land. this is why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. the scientist cant find a solution for this spacecraft land of venus. but nasa is working on a experiment to have better electronics in the spacecrafts. the surface of venus and tempeture are to high and it cant be a good idea to have people in this conditions. the conditions of venus are to high because, it has a high tempeture and it has a high high percent of carbon dioxide. a thick atmosphere almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus this make a humen live in venus more difficult and also it wont be able to survive in this conditions. also the tempeture that venus has it doesnt have it any other planet tempeture average over  degrees fahrenheit. while the scientist are trying to find a way to get the radiation of the solar to have more energy. it will be difficult to make a new home in venus because of its not easy conditions. they have differerent contions in venus, erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the tenesion of living in venus is really high because, if you made a hiome close to a volcanoe and it erupt there will be a lot of lifes dead. also when you trying to make a new home it will be more difficult becuase of the hottest surface tempetures. but there are some parts of venus that can help you. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters, this tell us that venus can be good place to live. in conclusion the studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the darger it represent. because of the spacecraft aproching the surface of venus can have an impact and also it can have a dangerly caused. also, because of the tempeture and conditions that venus has. the high percentage of carbon dioxide and also the high tempeture and being the only planet that has the highest tempeture. and the last is living in venus it will be difficult life. scientist will make something to be able to start a new life in venus.