is it possible for us to identify human emotions with just a simple picture? prof. thomas haung, of the beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, is working with prof. nicu sebe of the university of amsterdam to make a software that is able to recognize the human emotions on leonardo da vincis renaissance painting, mona lisa. you may wonder how a computer can recognize facial movements that we use to express our feelings. well this computer makes a d model of the face. by this point dr. huang gives the work over to a psychologist such as dr. paul eckman, who is the creater of facs. eckman has classified six basic emotions such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. all of those feelings are associated with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. sometimes we can notice these expressions on our own friends almost every day. then again we might also end up reading their expression wrong, because we arent really experts. yet dr huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as eletronic code. wouldnt it be awesome if a computer could read your emotions? like what if you smiled every time you saw something that you liked, and the computer decided to give you more things simliar to that. or if you decide you dont like it by scowling or frowning it changes it to something completely different. if these advances were possible it could make learning in school possible to understand if you are struggling. by that i mean you could be getting frustrated with a problem, the computer reads your expression, and suddenly it is giving you an easier version of that same topic you are going over. i think that these softwares actually could be valuablle for the students in the classroom. if the computures could read our expression and help us by automatically changing the lesson to a slightly easier version is very helpful. this can show teachers how well a student is progressing in school by the way the computer is understanding the individual itself. so if it is possible for this kind of technology to happen it would be very successful in most learning industries. this kind of technology can be helpful to some of those who struggle. sometimes teachers cant just focus on helping one individual at a time every single day when they obviously have other students to attend to. if the computer read every kids facial expression then it could help show the teacher is a student is struggling or not.