venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author shows this by referring venus as earths twin, nearest option for a planetary visit, and travels not being limited. the author says that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents and by showing that this is true he refers venus as earths twin. the author goes to say that, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. the author also gives an example on why it isnt earths twin. a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. these pieces of evidence show the real dangers of venus and its environment. the nearest option for a planetary visit is venus. the author says, today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. he also goes to say that, furthermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. with these pieces of evidehce it shows that the planet shows features of planet movement. the last thing is travels should not be limited. the author says, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosty will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. the author also comments, out travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. not limiting travles can expand reasearch and these pieces of evidence show that they want to do what it takes to study this planet. in conclusion, these are the reasons why studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.