if people in the world can make a car capible of driving around elders, alchoholics, druggies, unmobilized, and more that car deserves to be given a chance. the driverless car will reduce car crashes, gas, money on transit, and will be able to mobilize the unmobilized. peoples lives around the world would change for the better and thats why this car should be used. there are hundreds of car crashes everyday around the world due to careless drivers. using the driverless car, crashes could be be significantly reduced if not gone. this car could also take a normal tank of gas and cut it in half. with these two benefactors, pollution would be drastically reduced due to less fumes in the air due to gas and leakage when a crash happens. these would all be important factors people have to think about when buying a car and they should want the one that has the power to help the earth. in the reading the narrator tells the readers that he believes such cars would fundementally change the world. using this car means that the average person can now save money on transit. then people wouldnt have to spend as much money filling up the tank of their cars or spend half of their paycheck for a car payment just to get from point a to point b. the narrator exclaims to the readers that, he envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. if these cars start being used, buses would soon disapear making the air safer to breath due to the diesel gas and the pollution buses set off. lots of people who are not able to drive take the bus, this may be because in their town there are not taxis. there are people who are unmobilized due to not own a vehicle because theyre too expensive or that they could have a medical condition where they cannot drive. these people now will not have to worry about making it to the bus stop on time or making sure the bus is going where they need to be. people could then save time of being on a bus for an hour, to go somewhere  minutes away and be able to be picked up at their doorstep and dropped off at their destination. the narrator tells the readers that, the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. these cars would make the lives of everyone a lot more simple and efficient. imagine a world with no traffic because there are no accidents a world without pollution due to less gas use and buses, and a world where everyone has more money to spend on their families and on themselves. unmobilized people could then feel more independant because they could then get themselves around. the world would be much better off using the driverless car, it would be a perfect way to keep the earth revolving.