facial action coding at schools? class rooms with , facial action coding , ? i think for a classroom with facial action coding would not be such a good idea in a classroom. there are many reasons why its not a good idea. there are many emotions in a student in a class room that a student wouldnt want to be recogize . for many student there always someone who is in love and does not want anyone to figure it out . in paragrahp  it tells readers that  happiness, surpise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness can all be shown with the facial action coding system. the student might be sad because the girl wouldnt go out on a date with him and show that emotion in class. for many students i honstley think alot of students would not like it . another reason why it would not be a good idea to put this new facial action coding system in many classroom is it might distract many of the students. alot of classroom students are already going through alot of things like stressing, grades, finals, and credits. they wouldnt want that to be pick up by the system for a example a student could be really sad about his grades and doent want anyone to know. our minds are only safe place to go where anyone cant go. other places would be a better option for the facial action coding like hostiptals and nursing homes. a good reason why i think it would be a good idea at a hostpital because it can help alot of people that are sick and feeling pain. in paragraph  it say the system can pick up happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. at a hostpital a patient could be help out with the machine and tell if she or he is sad or happy. at a nursing home he can help out the the old folks by making sure that there not depressed or angry. what if the facial action cding system shows that  percent of the student show that they really get the work. and the other  percent do not get the work what would the teacher do? would the teacher choice be right to choose to get the same work where the  percent doesnt understand it and give the same work to the other  percent of the class that already knows how to solve the work. i think it not a good idea for classrooms to have facial action coding system at schools. at schools it might not be a good idea and might be better in many other places. for many students it coulld distract them or if other dont want to show emotions because of there personal thoughts being shown to teachers. would you want schools to have this new facial action coding system at there school and on computers?