everyone has a car for the most part. its used for a wide verity of things, like going to work, taking your child to school, and after noon sports, and even going out with the family for a little drive because its a nice day outside. people take there cars and use them for anything so they dont have to walk to where they have to be or want to be. there are many good reasons people can say why they need their car for everything, but have you ever looked at the advantages of limiting the usage of your car? in the united states, the environmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities,and legislators are starting to act cautiously. many experts say that public transport transportion serves will play a much bigger role in a new sixyear if the federal transportation bill is approved sometime this year. in previous bills,  percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only  percent found other ways of transportation. if we where to try to not use our cars for a day or two it would probably be the hardest thing on earth for us to do. we relaye on our cars more then anything, but it would make the place we call home much happier and healthier. just take paris for example and look at what they have done to prevent people from using there cars because of what it has been doing to the air. they are actually trying to make a different and show people how much better things could be if we stoped using our cars so much. paris begins to ban driving because of all the pollution its causes in the air. on mondays every car with an even number license plate will be ordered to leave their cars at home or they will suffer a euro fine . the same will appy to the odd number plates on tuesday. almost , drives where find, and twentyseven people had there cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. congestion went down  percent in the captial of france and after fivedays of intensifying the pollution, it later rivaled in beijing and china, which is known as one of the most polluted cited in the world. the cold nights and the warm days cause a layer of air to trap inside the cars emission. diesel fuel was blamed since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. diesel makes up  percent of vehicles in france. compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe side. paris typically has more pollution then all the other eurpean capitals. last week paris had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london. delivery companies complained of the lost of revenue, while eceptions were made for plugin cars, like the hybrids. the hybrids are much better to use and they hold  more passengers. public transit was free of charge from fridays all the way to mondays, according to the bbc. the pollution cleared up on monday for the ruling of the french party to rescind the ban for the odd number plates of tuesday. in conclusion, limiting our car usage really isnt that bad. its actually helping our plant alot. all the smoke and gas is just polluting our air that we need to breath and with all the pollution in the air your just going to breath in a big cloud of gas or smoke. its just like smoking, you dont want to breath in the smoke that comes from a car into your lungs because its bad and can hurt you just like cigerets can. we can stop this from happening if we give our cars a break or switch to a different kind of car, but really we should just limit the usage of the cars we have now. we can go outside and walk to where we need to be and just fresh air that isnt being polluted and we can exersize, which a lot of people need, so limeting the usage of cars would help not only the air, but the amount of fat people in the world as well. limiting car usage is going to make a huge change in helping our plant and it would make the earth a better, happier, and healthier place to live.