source  what is the electoral collage? the electoral collage is a process, not a place. the electoral collage process consists of the selection of the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president and the counting of the electoral of the electoral votes by congress. the electoral collage consists of  electors. a majority of  electoral votes is required to elect the president. the congressional delegation one for each member in the house of representives plus two for senators. the rd amendment of the constiton the district of columbia is allocated  electors and treated like a state for purposes of the electoral collage. each candiddate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. the electors are generally chosen by the candidates political party but state has his or her own group of electors. the electors are chosen by political party. the state law vary on how the electors are selected and their responsibilities. the presindential election are held every four years. after the president election the governor prepares a certifiate of ascertainment. source  the indefensible electoral college why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong. under the electoral collage system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president. if you live in texas and vote for a slate of  democratic electores pledged to kerry would get  electoral votes. on the offchance that those electora won the statewide election they would go to congress and kerry would get  votes. the single best argument against the electoral collage is what we might call the disaster factor. the american people are lucky that  fiasco was the biggest eleection crsis in a century. back in  segregationists in the louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with the new electors who would oppose john f kenney. he was a great learder. source  in dedense of the electoral college five reasons the keep out despised method of choosing the president. the number collage is widely regared as an anachronism a non democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled. the advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the electoral college method is not democrtic in a modern sense. when you vote for a president candidate youre actually voting for a slate of electors. there are five reasons for reatining the elctoral college despite its lack of democratic pedigree all are practical reason not liberal or conservative reason. in  election for example obama received . percent of the electoral vote compared to only . percent of the popular votes. the electoral college requires a president candidate to have trans regional appeal. the winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates as we saw in  election to focus their campagign efforts on the toss up states. after many years of no one has changed anything else about the election camagign or anything. i think its time to do that. lets put a girl in the office she can do just as good as a men.