the electoral college is unfiar to voters. electing the president should not be on how many electors vote for the candidate, it should be about how many people in each state vote for this representative. the electoral college is only  electors that vote for president which is not everyone that goes to the election booth and votes for president. in the electoral college, voters do not vote for the president but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the preisdent. over  perecnt of the voters prefer direct election instead of the electoral college. voting for president should be about the number of people who vote for a candidate. voting should not be about the number of electors each candidate has. direct voting is what should be taking place, not an electoral college. direct voting is when a voter goes to an election booth and votes for who they think should be president. their vote does not get sent to an electoral college where electors vote for the candidate. every voter goes to an election booth to vote the candidate they think should be president, they dont vote for the electors. the electoral college is unfair,outdated and irrational. this is true because with the electoral college, voters vote not for a slate of the president but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president. the electoral colleges only purpose is so the candidate can have agroup of electors just in case the number of votes is low for the candidate. the electors votes are the only votes that really matter which is not fair to the voters. out of everyone that votes for president and having only  votes count does not seem fair to the voters at all. over  percent of voters prefer direct election.  percent is the majority of voters the rather have direct election instead of the electoral college. since most of the time it is majority rules then why not cut the electoral college from the voting process? ill tell you why, because ever since the disaster hat occured in , the candidates still need a chance at winning the election even if they do not get to visit every state during the campaign. yes, the electoral college is unfair and irrantional but it has also created a new system known as the winnertakesall system. this system allows the candidates to focus on the states that they do have a chance winning over instead of focusing on the states that they know for a fact have no chance of winning over. over all, the electoral college has no point in being apart of the voting process. the only voting process this country should yse is direct voting because it is fair to everyone. the election process should be a fair process, it should not have everyone voting and only having  vote count. even when over  percent of the voters choose direct voting, the country still agrees to use the electoral college. all in all i have to agree with bob dole, mr. senator and abolish the electoral college!