new innovative technologies are being created time after time. one of these technologies are the driverless cars. these cars create mixed feelings for most people. either they like it or they do not. for me i do not mind it. so i support the development of the driverless cars. if you think about it, it really is not that bad of an idea. in the article it says that the cofounder of google can imagine a time when no one would have the need to buy cars because there would be driverless public transports. i believe this would never happen because people have the need to own thier own things and not share with others because they may think others are annoying. even so, these driverless cars or at least computer driven cars have been an idea of the past at around the mid th century. in the article it talks about how in the late s, general motors tried to develop a car that used radio signals as a type of sensor. now, with all the new technologies today, that can perform the task of sensing what is around the car more effectively. so effective that it may reduce the amounts of accidents. in the article it talks about how google had cars out since  that have driven for more than half a million miles without a crash. for those who are not really good a driving and are afraid of getting in crashes, these driverless cars are the way to go. these driverless cars can help with breaking if you get to close to an object. these cars do not fully drive independently so you have to be on alert. in the article, it says that these driverless cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. which i think is a good thing because it gives you the chance to practice your driving skills instead of letting the car do everything by itself and your driving skills decline to a point where you may forget how to drive. other technologies within the cars may also help you drive too. from a vibrating seat to the car speaking to you, there is nothing you can overcome. other applications mentioned in the article are flashing lights on the windshield, cameras watching the driver to ensure he or she is focused on the road, and heads up displays. all which helps you make sure your driving experiences are safe. in the article, it says that these options may be turned off if you feel the need to take on the wheel yourself if you have the confidence. these technologies for the driverless cars are not ending here. many car manufacturers such as tesla, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan are coming up with much more ways to implament their ideas of the perfect driverless cars. so because of this, i and supporting the developments of these driverless cars.