in the story  the challenge of exploring venus the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents because venus is earths twin and have many similiaraties, but also have a lot of differences with each other. venus has weather that we will never be able to handle naturally and also scientists cannot take an samples of rocks,gas or anything else due to the technology we do not yet have.earth is sometimes located right next to venus it just depends how fast it orbits around the sun. earth and venus are the closest in density and size thats why they are twins with each other. venus has really hot weather that we will never be able to handle naturally with out it killing us. we will need special suits to go up to venus if we would want to stay up there for a couple of days not just hours. also special foot gear because venus has the hottest surface temperature then any other planet in our solar system. venus has many similiaraties with earth such as having erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes.i believe that if you want to go up to venus you would need special suits and gear to resist its wild environment and also advanced improved technology to survive. i currently believe that if nasa want to take humans to another planet with its technology today, it would be a really bad idea because the space ships today would not be capable to resist its  degrees fahrenheit surface. i think nasa should wait until later on technology is invented when making twice as better space ships today. nasa should no risk any humans up to venus with out being  percent sure that they will return back to its family. its spaceships today can only land for a couple of hours and thats it. i believe that if nasa want to take humans to another unknown planet then we should be  percent sure that everything will go the right way. maybe sometime in the future nasa will sent humans to venus without a doubt that they will ever come back. i believe nasa should keep improving there technology and keep sending machines up to other planets then humans. we are yet not ready to have send people to other planets besides the moon.technology today can currently have humans survive but not be safe.i think that now is not the time to sned people up to the moon with nasas spaceships and technology. i believe that studying venus is a well worthy of persuit and i completely agree with the author, but later on in life when technology is improved. with venuss climate we would not be capable to go up there and would not be sure of everything. nasa should keep inventing machines that will allow to bring back rocks, gas, or anything else. this is why i believe that us humans are yet not ready to go on a dangers well worthy adventure up to venus right now.