our countrys history with cars date back a few centuries. today, there are many cars from different brands, with different deisgns, and with different benefits. though all these cars have one thing in common  they emit harmful pollution to the air. we already know that the pollutants given off from cars have caused the greenhouse effect in the world. this has been a main topic for decades, on how to figure out how to solve and reduce the amount of pollutions so that earth can sustain us. limiting car usage will reduce the pollutant emission from the cars, it will cause less traffic jam and congestion in parking, and some people are tend to become more relaxed and happy. the earth is being effected with harmful gases caused by cars. our vehicles that we drive everyday, the one we take to work or schools or places you want to see, are the main source of pollutants coming into the air and causing the greenhouse gases. the limited usage of cars will reduce the amount of emission given off. in the article paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer, france has the most amount of smog in the european countries. this smog has caused warmer layers of air to trap car emissions will cause heat to the country. but when they have put a ban in cars for a while, the amount of smog has decreased. furthermore, if we continue to reduce or at less limit the amount of time we spend driving or riding in the car, we can help reduce the emissions made. rosenthal states, ...emissions from an increasing number of private cars owned by the burgeoning middle class are choking cities. if we do not limit the use of cars now, not only will the earth suffer, people will suffer as well. the limit usage of cars can save the earth and ourselves. the constant honking, switching lands, and when reached the destination, a parking is needed to be found. with the amount of cars, traffic jam and lack of parking space is evitable. pollution also contributes to the traffic jam and congestion. though if limited cars we used congestion will come down. according to duffer, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog... the lack of cars on the road will cause many more people to get to work or school or any place they want wihtout rushing becaus the roads are clear. moreover, parking space is a hassle to find when there are so many cars everywhere. with less cars means less space for parking, this could save money for the government and invest more on what the country needs. in vauban, germany, they had to give up their cars but on the positive side, on the main streets, stores are placed walking distance rather than on a highway source . with the less amount of cars, highways and roads do not have to be invested in too much rather the money may be used to invest in other important things. when we are younger, we dream of driving and having a bit of freedom but when we actually start driving it gets tiring. some people are stressed out when driving and tend to be very prone to accidents. though when just taking a bicycle or walking it relieves stress. carlos arturo plaza states in the article carfre day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. stress will only increase when we get older, taking off a load of stress by limiting the usage of cars can be a breather for all of us. also, people are happy when they do not need cars. heirdrun walter said, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, rosenthal when heirdrum means this way, she is referring to not using a car to get to places. a person should be happy rather than angry and rage because when in a car, some people may do things that could hurt them. roads and highways are always being invested because of the increase in car users. if we continue this in the future, there might not be a bright future if we do not stop it. the limit of using cars can cause less pollution in our air, get people to places faster, and make a person smile. this may lead some down fall into the economy and for the employees but with the increase of other alternative to get to places this can lead into a boom in the economy. the positives out run the negatives in this topic. if cars are limited, parks and sports centers will bloom uneven, pitted sidewalks will be fixed to smooth sidewalks rushhour will be cut traffic and food places and stores will increase. even the executive chairman of the ford motor company proposed parternering with the telecommunications inductry to create cities in which pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commerical and public transprtation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety source . in the end, it is up to decide if we would rather continue using cars or not. so go and choose the side that will benefit not only the economy or government but the people and environment.