visiting venus would be a worthy pursit despite the danger it presents says the author of the challenge of exploring venus. he makes many assuments that give the idea of going to venus is good and would be life changing. the author says all of this knowing the danger that could come from visiting venus with much support. in a fair arguement, the author gives details in both sides to basically balance them both out to the point that we shouldnt even bother of thinking. the author talks about the size of both earth and venus in paragraph two, to compare them in way. line one, paragraph  states  often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closet planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too the authour is trying to give us a aspect of the planets being simliar. the author brings up the density and size of earth and venus being the same to show us that if we were all to move there one day we would be able to fit. the author also brings up how far away it is, casue image if it was at the end of our solar system we would never be able to get there as it take a life time to reach the end of the solar system. earth and venus being compared like this is enough for us humans to contunie to explore and maybe hope one day we could be on venus. the author also talks about venus probably being like earth along time ago, to show us that earth and venus arent that different after all. in paragraph four, the author gives us compareise to today earth to long time ago venus. the author states in line three, paragraph four  long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth this indicts that life might of occured and if it did thats a game changer. the author also states that the surface of the planet is made up of rocky sediment which include valleys, mountains, and craters just like earth. venus and earth once being the same is crazy and who knows maybe they still are in a way we just need to keep on studying it. last but not least here comes the danger of pursiting venus and the diffcults we could face in studying it. paragraph three states many different kind of problems venus could bring like the atmosphere, temperatures, volcanoes and other natural disaters. venus atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dixode, to us humans that is a very thick atmosphere that we wouldnt like to put up with. also the temperature there is  times greater then earth standing to about  degrees fahrenheit, just image califorina the way it is right now and times it by , it would be literally a burning hell. it just gets better as it also indicts that there are erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes and frequent lighting to mess with our landing problems. we may have to risk the danger of our human lives but at all stakes it is worth it, think about what could happen to us if we actually get somewhere with this study. therefore all this precautions and dangers in studyingvisiting venus brings i think we can all say we should pursit it. this artitcle gives us a lot of reason why and a lot of reason why we shoudnt but this is why we are humans, we do to achieve. as all is said venus is worth pursit despite the danger it present and i think we can all agree about this suggestion.