imagine being able to sit back and let your car take the wheel. it sounds great right? but what if the car was being driven by a computer imagine all of the possible things that could go wrong. driving your car rather than having a computer drive your car is the best way to go. driving your own car puts your own life in your own hands. with driving your own car you can make all of the choices keeping yourself in only the danger you put yourself in. nobody wants a computer to put them into danger that they would not put themselves in. now some people would say that with the computer driven car it could make better choices then a normal human, but with the computer car you are risking putting your life in a computers virtual hands. human driving puts yourself in a responsible place and it teaches you responsibility over your actions. with computer driving if it wrecks you automatically blame the computer and you will not take responsiblity over the actions. this is not a good habbit to get in because as teennagers when first being able to drive if you are aloud to blame any small thing on the computer system it will become a habbit to always blame something else even though it might be your part. people might say that with computer driving it would have less accidents, but it is not proven that a computer driver will not have misfunctions. with human driving your fate is in your own hands you are not putting your life into someone elses hands and deffintley not a computers. with the computers there is too many chances for it to have a bad function and mess up. also with the computer drivers you still have to be up and alert for any circumstances where you might have to take over so you might as well just take over the wheel all together. with computer driving it puts people in risk of falling asleep behind the wheel which would mean if it came to a point where they needed to take over they would not be able to. people would say it would be relaxing to be able to just sit and be droven for, but you could get a little too relaxed. with human driving it puts everything into your hands it does not allow a computer to lead to your death or injury. human drivers can be a little reckless but you have no way in telling when a computer driver will have a misfunction. driving your car rather than having a computer drive your car is the best way to go. do not be the one to put your life in a computers virtual hands.