the author suggets that venus is the hottest surface plant even though its not the closest plant to mars, its still one of the hottest planets. since venus is right around the corner humans have a hgher chance to land on venus when in a spaceshuttle. venus has a hgher atmosphere of carbon dioxide then any other plant. although the atmosphere can average over  degree, all the carbon is not good for the humans that spaceshuttle the earth. the autor got this information by sending humans up to earth to see what its like up there. although we mqay live on earth, traveling up to earth is far more dangerous then living on earth. a long time ago, venus used to be covered with oceans and wasnt so hot how it is compared to now. although there are still some features to earth as before and now, the plant got rockier over time and there was a atmosphere change. nasa had an idea to send humans to venus to study the planet for people on earth can know more about the planet. the nasa administration says that venus cannot form light throughout the planet and researchers are not able to take anything from the planet,such as, rock, gas, or anything else. there once was a old technoology project that took place in the s , those devices made calculations about gears and the levers. those projects made it easier for physical conditions. scientists made it a mission to try and understand venus up close, there are still rescearchers that are building machines to pay apart to try and find knowledge about venus. as i stated before the atmosphere in our solar system is much more higher than down on earth, scientists say that if we had a solor power the radiation levels would be much more useful for it would not work for the levels on earth, although ists much more surivable for humans. therefore, as i learned much more about space and nasa from this article. it would be much more nicer on earth if we had a nicer atmosphere and it would be much more liveable. scientists are still discoveing information about our solar system.