what are some advantages of limiting car usage? some may say that there is no advantages but many would like to differ, some advantages that we would have would be less polution , smog, or even a chance to exercise . but lets talk about polution. polution takes a major affect on the world and many people might not see this, but limiting car usage can help prevent this . polution is constantly harming us and the world around us. it destroys are ozone layer, causes smog , and much more. and if limiting car usage can help prevent this why not? this is when todays socity kicks in to play. in todays socity some people are just to lazy im not saying im not guilty of this however , im not saying that anyone is. see some people decide to take there cars wherever they go, even if it is just three to four blocks down the road. if we just decide to walk more maybe we can reduce polution. lets say that you have a local walmart or supper store about a one mile radious away from were you live and all you need is a gallon of milk or just something to eat, im not saying spending over three hundred in grocries. just something little why not just walk it? now im not saying that if there was an emergancy like your kid got in an accident or your wife is in labor to walk them to the hostbitol. you should be able to use your car in those types of situations. but like i said if we all do that for the little things we might just be able to stop polution. other ways to prevent this from happening? in source three the passage written by selsky, andrew it talks about a car free day! this would be an excelent way to help prevent smog and air polution. but to make this take a major impact on the world is to get everybody to do this. not just a few states but the whole contry. this will benifit the world and you more then you might think. in passage one written by rosenthal, elisabeth there was a statement made, how much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid. . this stood out to me because a hybrid is an electrive operated car and some of these cars dont take or burn any fosil fules . wich will also help prevent all of the affects cars have on the world and us. in conclusion , we should all try to walk around a little more then use are cars for little things we should all try to be a little more active and help prevent the world from getting worst then it all ready is!