the face on mars may look like an alien has constructed it but the shadows of the bumps make it seem like it is an actual human face. if it were aliens who had built the face on mars, wouldnt there be more? the answer to that question would be yes. the pictures from  show that that the artifact was really just a natural creation. before scientists had found the face on mars, the question is...just how old is it? in the beginning of the aricle it states,new highresolution images and d alimetry from nasas mars global survey spacecraft reveal the face on mars for what it really is a mesa utfonm, . thus meaning that the face on mars was not created by aliens. before the pictures in  and  were awful quality, the picture in  shows exactly what the face on mars is. the article also stated that the face on mars,...huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by the shadows giving the illusions of eyes, nose, and mouth utfonm, . this is proof of it only being a natural landform. if aliens had created this form, wouldnt there be more of these human looking landforms. there is no evidence in the article that states aliens were the creatures who made the face on mars. if the face on mars was created by aliens, nasa would have wanted to research it instead of hiding it because they wouldve gotten paid. according to the article it states,  meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars utfonm, . it would have been beneficial to nasa if it were made by aliens. it makes sense to infer that it could only be a structure made by aliens because who knows the capabilities of these creatures. although in the article it states, there was no alien monument after all  utfonm, . there is solid evidence that the structer was not created by an extraterestrial creature. even knowing it not being made by an alien, when was it created and how was it created? that answer we may never know. in conclusion the landform found on mars is not made by aliens. this was proven on april , . the purpose of the article was to show people that the face on mars was just a natural monument. in the end of the article it states,  what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west utfonm, . we even have similar things like the face on mars on earth. all in all the form on mars was not created by any aliens of any sort.