as soon as the manufacturing of cars came into role, people all over the world have shifted their ways of getting around into using cars. cars positively bring faster transportion within cities and areas of neccessity. even though pople spend alot on gas to feed their cars, they see past that and proceed to use their vehicles. although cars may offer easy access and convenience, they can affect the enviroment with the releasing of carbon gas emissions and smog, trapping in gas. limiting car usage can benefit the enviroment and life of residents by ensuring them a safe area of living. if we can limit car usage it will greatly benefit us in different ways. cars tend to drive people crazy. traffic is a prime example where people can get frustrated. whether youre in a rush in rush hour or having to get to some place you need, traffic can make you tense and unhappy. for example, heidrun walter, a resident from a car forbidden city  vauban, germany  said  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. , with this said you can conlude that car limitation can benefit us emotionally. to get more in depth, vauban is an experimental upscale community where streets attempt to be car free. this city is an example of what car limitation can be capable of. cars have gases and carbon emission that are released when put in use. this can harm our atmosphere by trapping in greenhouse emssions. statistics from experts demonstate that in europe passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions, and up to an unbelievable  percent in the united states alone. the efforts of car limitation can be an advantage into stopping these gases from growing in the near future. paris, france is a smog filled european city due to the large congestion and diesel engines. on a monday motorists with evennumbered plates had to leave their cars at home or suffer a  dollar fine. due to the restriction, congestion over the following five days was down  percent. also opening up, wasthe free charge of the public transit. the restriction of cars opened up great advantages to decline the number of congestion which lowered the percentage of carbon emissions. if the population can take the limitations one period at a time the communities can experience cleaner air and healthier enviroments. in conclusion, although cars are a covinient and easy way to get around, they can result in the harming of the enviroment and us as individuals. if we can all lower the emissions and sorts of congestions, the world and people can start to be happy knowing theyre living in healthy enviroments with the inspirations of these cities such as paris and vauban.