childhood is often painted as a happy, idyllic time in our lives, but in reality, its a precarious era of high emotions and crucial development. one of the best places to demonstrate the vast range of emotions a child or adolescent experiences is the classroom. triumph, frustration, bitterness, and indifference are all commonplace feelings at school, and analyzing and understanding these are crucial to creating a better system of raising and educating children. that is why the facial action coding system would be a fascinating, tremendously beneficial experiment that would revolutionize psychology. the facial action coding system is a new software, designed by prof. thomas huang of the university of illinois, that constructs a d computer model of the face and analyzes the movement of the muscles to indicate emotion for instance, when you smile and raise your eyebrows, you might be  happy,  surprised,  sad,  afraid, and so on. there are six basic emotions happiness, sadness, fear, anger, disgust, and surprise. if we are capable of calculating human emotions through facial muscles, then we ought to use that power and knowledge to better ourselves. let us attempt to understand our children, in order to judge and improve the education system. for instance, a child might be surprised or angry when they do not understand a concept. through the facial action coding system, the teacher could more accurately guess which of her students grasp a concept and which do not. additionally, reading emotions would aid educators in finding the best method of teaching for children of types, enabling more to become successful. this would lead a massive decrease in standardized testing and other measures of measuring how far along a pupil is in their studies. the facial action coding system would not only enlighten teachers, but would save the government and schools precious time and money. furthermore, school life almost always overlaps into private life. two students who are dating or are friends will continue their relationships outside of the classroom. conversely, troubles and victories at home frequently bleed into their school work. if a child is having a rough home life or experiencing personal loss, they might not be as focused on the quality of their schoolwork, or, in extreme caes, act out. teachers cannot be the sole support system for students, but they do have a responsibility to ensure a childs physical and emotional welfare, whether it means settling petty disputes or recommending therapy. imagine the multiple lives that could be improved if the signs of unhappiness could be detected and addressed. on a darker note, the facial action coding system would be most expedient in diagnosing depression, mental illness, and the telltale feelings that too many youths suffer from before thoughts or attempts of suicide. finally, utilizing such a powerful tool in the classroom would revolutionize child psychology. new branches of study could be devoted just to scrutinzing the way a face shows feeling. experts could see how certain elements and events in life affect a child. a greater empathy would form, shortening the widening gap between generations, especially in this epoch filled with technology and new ideas, and allowing humanity to unite. a more focused, diverse view on society can be discovered through a childs eyes we can improve our society, piece by piece. and all this can start with the facial action coding system. there are those who feel that subjecting children to these trials is an invasion of their privacy and imical to their natural development. it is true that a child should not be exposed to an excessive amount of software, and it is a valid complaint that invading their mind can be harmful. however, with responsible adults, the facial action coding system can pick up on the childrens discomfort and address their issues, from whatever cause, with more honesty and empathy. the facial action coding system is a victory for psychology, and when used right and in moderation, it will benefit all parties. the facial action coding system will revise psychology. it detects the six basic emotions conveyed in the muscles of a human face, paving the way for an increase in enlightenment in our societys perception of childhood and comingofage. the facial action coding system will assist teachers in determining their students progress, help them grapple with their unfamiliar, often frightening emotions, and create a fresh look at child psychology. despite the expense and the risk that scientifically calculating a childs feelings will hurt them, it is at least worth a try to see what a student can feel in a classroom and start making improvements in education and understanding humanity from there.