i believe that driverless cars are good for the future. with technology improving every year it is very possible. self driving cars would make traffic safer i believe. technology is improving every year. cars are getting very close to driving on their own. here is why i think they are great to have in the future. technology improves every year with new technology be made or being more improved. since the s technology has improved or advanced in the article it said  in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. within  years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. also the radars, sensors, mapping, and computers werent there to build a driver less car.the radar that are put on the google modified prius werent able to be put on a car before the year  the cost for a radar was two hundred million dollars and it wasnt even small enough to put on a car radars before  were put on hilltops. now they have mulitple radars on one car. that is how far technology has advanced. self driving cars would make traffic much safer. i believe with all the technology put on a car there would be a reduced amount of accidents. with all these sensor put on a car it would be able to detect surroundings. the dubbed lidar uses laser beams to create a constant d model of the car and its surroundings. as said in the article gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. imagine  or  years from now. we are gonna have technology that doesnt alert the human to stop but the car itself stops on its own if it gets to close to a car or the light turns red or a pedestrian walks by due to its sensor, cameras, and software the will stop. auto makers are getting closer and continuing their work to create a self driving car for the future. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan are planning to have cars that drive themselves by . tesla on the other hand has projected a car that is capable of driving on its own  percent of the time. as said in the article tesla has projected a  release for a car cabable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. this is great for the future aswell there technology is only gonna advance as the years go by and become  percent cabale of driving on their own. that is why i believe that driverless cars are a marvelous idea for the future. technology is and has improved. self driving cars will make traffic much safer. cars are much closer to driving on there own since the s. that is why i feel very positive about self driving cars.