there are still some disputes about the true identity and origin of the face on mars. it is most likely just a natural landform, but some people disagree. some people believe that it was created by aliens. however, since there is no legit proof of aliens even being real, how could you prove that they did this? nasa also has highresolution photographs that make it pretty clear that its just a natural landform. it may have taken several tries to collect all of the needed data to back this up, but the scientists did it so now we know. as i briefly mentioned before, there is no proof of alien life actually existing. so, then, why are people convinced that it was aliens? yes, it may have a strange shape, but that doesnt mean anything. there are strange shaped things here on earth but people dont accuse it of being alien. now, i do understand that this is in space, and on a different planet, but still there are way more logical explanations. its normal for there to be landforms on planets. thats simply the deal here. the scientists also collected highresolution photos of the face. when the best photo was taken in , it was made clear that this was just a landform, similar to some in the american west. it was just a formation that looked suspicious from far away. if you looked at the zoomed in picture, it just looks like a jumble of rocks. people just need to think realistically. there is, however, a couple small reasons why people see a possibility of this being done by aliens. one of the pictures was taken from behind a small wispy cloud. this gave some people enough reason to believe that there could be alien markings hidden by the haze. another reason people have for believing this is extraterrestrial work is that there have been some unexplainable sightings and findings that may point to alien life existing. there is no actual facts or proof, but enough has happened without logical explanations to convince certain people of this theory. i respectfully refute these points. the idea of alien markings being hidden is a stretch. there was an even clear picture taken more recently that showed no alien markings. it proved that it was just a landform. theres really not that much more to it. in response to the few unexplainable things that may point to alien life, we have no way to tell whats really out there. if there is something, then its doing a pretty good job of staying hidden, or undiscovered because we have no cold, hard proof of anything. for some things there are just no logical answers. theres always going to be something we dont know. its probably the most reasonable to just stick to the facts we already have, and learn to accept the most likely stories. yes, its okay to believe or hope that there is something out there, but people should also realize that they need to think reasonably in certain matters, especially when theres proof, like in this case. this is a very strong argument. there are many ways that a person could keep going on and on, explaining each detail to its full extent, but i think all the most important information has already been mentioned. people should accept the facts. there is always going to be someone who disagrees, but every argument is like that. there is way more proof pointing to the conclusion that the face is just a landform. you might still think something different, but i think ive made it clear why i have so much reason to believe what i believe.