driverless cars, even the idea of it gives me a massive headache. thinking about all the promblems that would cause is just dreadful. i mean its bad enough people now and days dont know how to drive i cant even imagine what itd be like having driverless cars on the road. i think its absoutley the worse idea i ever heard of mainly because of all the tremendous promblems it would cause. having driverless cars in my mind is very dangerous because anything could happen when a driver isnt in control. today we already have so many accidents everyday with just everday people. people are not responcible enough to take on such a big task of having a driverless car in their possestion or on the road for that matter. its understandable to have the idea of having them because of how much technology has improved over the years. but even now the cars are not fully ready to be taken out on the road when it cant fully take on the challenge of driving around accidents, roadwork, and roadblocks. however it does say that the car can alert the driver when it needs the assistance but, who is to say when a person is paying attention they could be sitting back relaxing and the alert may not make it to the driver in time. that is a acciedent waiting to happen. even though we still have wrecks i think that its less likely to happen if we have people behind the wheel that are able to control the car at all times. with a smart car there is no telling what it could do and what it could cause. if a person needed to take over and drive and couldnt get the displays that control the car to turn off that could be really bad. if we keep it like how it is now we wont even have that as a issue. i fully agree with traffic laws saying that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. at least then there is a chance to prevent a accident. when you as a driver are not in control of the car you are driving. it can become a scary and dangerous situation. you are not only putting yourself in danger but everyone else that is on the road with you in danger. i will stand by what i think and that is driverless cars should stay in the television shows and movies and keep reality where its real.