eletoral college would be better than the popular votes and i will be telling you about how in the next few paragraphs. technically speaking electoral college is a popular vote, but in a different way. we vote for the electors. so that would mean the majority of the population have to still vote. wouldnt you rather have a well thought out person than some one that isnt that smart or well thought out. some one that could make a better decision for you. voters can still vote just not for the president. you would be voting for the electors who will then elect the president. voting for a certain elector you could still be voting for the president you want. the popular votes can be tied together, many of the votes before were so close to being tied, and that would be a wreck. could you imagine what would happen to the people. they would go crazy. just because it hasnt happened yet doesnt mean it wont ever happen. having an electoral college could cause some dispute, but not as much as the popular vote has already caused. so many arguments and with an electoral college not many would have to deal with those disputes. the electoral college requires a presedintial canidate to have a transregional appeal. so that means no one president can win because of a regional favriote. i mean who would want a president that would most likely favor a certain region because they voted for him. they would feel like he wasnt even their president or they had no say in votes. a president with only regional appeal would most likely not be a good president. the electoral college makes sure that the electors will pay close attention to the campaign knowing that they decide the election. so the electors will be more thoughtful than some people in the popular vote. the electors can make a better decisions than most of us can. they would be able to make the decisons better and listen to the candidates more than we ever could. yes in some ways the popular vote can be good, but think of all the people that make the wrong decisions. the ones that would just vote for how the candidate looks. not the thoughts and campains he brings. so in many more ways the electoral college is better than the popular vote.