the use of the facial action coding system is valuable for students in a classroom to read. this new technology can tell many emotions that humans may show through their facial expressions. these emotions may include happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. it is an advantage for humans to have technology can detect the six basic emotions. the facial action coding system is able to identify mixed emotions nick dalto meaning that the system can figure out more than one emotion at a time. this technology is valuable because not many humans can detect more than one emotion at once. the majority of the time a person can only tell if a person is satisfied or not. an average human can not detect six emotions an a time like a calculator. in addition to this the facial action coding sysytem calculates a humans facial expression similar to a calculator. the technology used determines the subjects emotions by using percents, by using math to show the amount of possibly the subjects sadness or anger.shes  perecent happy,  perecent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. nick dalto. it is safe to say that no regular human being can caculate another humans emotions using math in this way. that is why the facial action coding system is valuable for students to read, and know about. this new technology is so impresssive that it can also detect when a person may become uninterested in what they are doing. could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored nick dalto. this new tech system reads whether or not a person is engaged into what they are doing. isnt that magnificent? critics may say that in fact it is not magnificent or even impresssive. the facial action coding sysytem is so advanced in its self that your home pc cant handle the complex algorithms used to decode mona lisas smile nick dalto. thus indicating that regular computers similar to the ones available at schools are not capable of calculating facial expressions similar to the ones being shown, by mona lisa. the author nick dalto, also states that computers need to understand that, too. meaning that is would not hurt to upgrade the pc people are using, to use the coding system. it is valuable for students to learn about the facial action coding system. this sysytem was used to calculate the emotions of mona lisa, one of the most iconic art pieces created by leonardo da vinci.the subject in that painting did not show one particular emotion right away, because the subjects face was so copmplex. mona lisas face was so complex they had to use an advances system to determine the subjects emoptions. thus indicating why this new technology is valuable for students to read.