ive heard a great deal of conspiracieshaving to deal with the so called face we at nasa found on mars in . however, i would like to put these conspiracies to an end. when viking  took the photo in , i will admit it came as a kind if shock to us, we all soon figured it was nothing more than a common martian mesa. and thats exactly what the face was a common martian mesa. the face is simply a natrural landform couldnt be any type of alien artifacts due to the following reasons keeping alien life a secret would benefit nasa whatsoever, it was found in an area where martian mesas are common, and we have recently taken photos with highresolution to show that there arent any buildings or other formations that couldve been made by intelligent life. now most of you conspiracy theorists wont belive it, but i will explain how i got to this conclusion. the picture was taken around cydonia, which is an area on mars that martian mesas are common to find. weve taken many pictures of these mesas around cydonia to come to this conclusion. another reason the face on mars is in fact a natural landform, is nasa hiding the fact that there is intelligent lifeforms on mars wouldnt benefit nasa in any possible way. finding life in the outer depths of space would be a tremendous accomplishment for nasa. us finding liforms from entirely different planet would answer the biggest question of them all are we the only planet with life? if wed found proof that we werent alone wed gain more funding for our space programs. with more funding wed be closer to discovering more of the most unexplored area we know of space. finally, we have proof that its only just a martian mesa. images taken in  shows that there are no structures that couldve been made by any intelligent lifeform. although the picture taken by viking  didnt show us proof of life on mars it did show us just how magnificent our universe really is. the face on mars was simply a natural landform made by nature itself. we have enough credible evidence to make the conclusion that the face on mars isnt an alien landmark. artifact, or any sort of alien markings. we at nasa hope to one day find proof of other lifeforms in the deeper depths of space, but until then we will let the public know as of now we wont hid any information, such as the possibility of lifeforms from the public.