technology has come a long way throughout the years. technology has helped humans in many ways such as with work, studying, entertainment, etc. technology has come so far that technology now has the ability to read peoples emotions. a new software, the facial action coding system, is the new technology that is able to tell peoples emotions. this technology has many benefits that it should be allowed in schools. therefore, the facial action coding system would be valuable and should be allowed to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. the facial action coding system is able to read six basic emotions. these emotions are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. the article, making mona lisa smile, explains how this new technology works. it states, the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit. the technology works by making a model of a persons face and all  major muscles must be able to move like a human. in addition to, the text also states that, for example, your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes raises your eyebrow when youre surprised your orbicularis oris around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger. therefore, the technology is able to read basic emotions humans have. in a classroom, however, using the technology will be very helpful. for example, people are able to tell what another person is feeling due to the facial expressions seen on their face. however, people are able to lie about how they really feel, including students. the technology is able to sense when someone is confused. according to dr. huang, in the article he states, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. therefore, if a student is feeling confused, the teacher will be able to be sure that the child is confused and be able to aid the student. the technology can even be able to help students if they dont understand a certain lesson. according to dr. huang, after he informed that the technology is able to read when a student is feeling confused or bored, he says, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. every student learns differently and understand things in different way. some students may not like how their instructor teaches and will need to seek help someway. the technology will be able to assist the student the way the student wishes to be assisted. students could really use this valuable tecnhology to aid them to success. whether the student is bored or confused, students can count on technology to support them. having technology that can read peoples emotions is insane. however, it is able to do many terrific things with students across the world. therefore, the facial action coding system should be allowed in a classroom to read students emotional expressions.