are you up tight and tense? well this may be do to your car. in counties such as germany, paris, and colombia they are trying to make cars a thing of the past. cars are polluting our air and causing harm to our environment. and what do we do? we continue to drive without a care in the world. so allow me to shed some light on the topic, and show you the advantages of limiting car usage. first of all, cars are bad for the environment. they pollute our atmosphere everyday and we never notice it. well the certainly noticed it in paris when they had nearrecord pollution after several days. so paris put a ban on driving to reduce smog. this was a great idea with an even better result. they reduced congestion by  percent. what the french did was allow cars with an odd numbered license plate to drive one day, and the even numbered license plate cars on another. also, in bogota, colombia they have a program that bans cars for one day. only allowing buses and taxis being permitted for the day. it is also a good way to relieve stress as shown in this quote from the third source. its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,. this ban on cars is apart of a improvement campaign that started in the s. it has worked well for bogota and is now beging to spread to other cities in clombia. this campaign has resulted in the construction of many miles of bike path and parks. this campaign has a very bright futurer and hopefully will spread to other countries and allow us to lower pollution in our atmosphere. in addition, their are places thta have already done away with cars in their communities. such as vauban, germany. the streets of vauban are completly car free. and people are even selling their cars to move to this quant little town. as shown in this quote from source one  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. can you believe that? people are willing to sell their cars to live a town. well they have good reason too. people who moved to this town have said with cars they were tense. but now that they have sold their car they are much happeir. this is one of the more appealing advantages of limiting car usage, your own happiness. finally, america is also trying to play a role in cutting down on car usage. trying to promote car reduced communities throughout america. these communities will help very much to reduce polluntion and strengthen our atmoshere. in conclusion, their are many advantages to limiting car usage. but it all depends on what we do ourselves to help. so next time you are going some where just remeber, their is always anothe way to get to your destination.