paul, luke said do you want to join the seagoing cowboys program? uhm im not sure luke, why would i join the seagoing cowboys program, like give me an idea of what it would be like paul said well you get to help out europe and china by giving them horses, baby cows, goats and so on., luke said, you also get to see so many natural wonders, antiques, buildings from long long ago, and meet so many new and great people sounds fun but what about my kids and wife,they will miss me, and who will be man of the house after all i only have two girls with a mother that is sick. im sorry luke i just cant go to many things to worry about. well why didnt you tell me that i wouldve got that taken care of no questions asked, luke said, i can call up your brother have him come up here and take care of the house and call a docter to take care of your wife, i know you wouldve called a docter if you had the money to, but i will pay for the docter visiting so you dont have to woory about money. in the meantime luke called dr. philipe, phileypay called saul, pauls brother, asked if he could house sit for paul, and payed for the docter visit and sauls trip. so paul, now can you go?, luke said yes i can go, said paul on the way to the lukes barn that was on a hil next to the lake, they found multiple holes in the ground that hadnt been there before. i wonder where these came from? me too, maybe a giant worm or a mole, paul said lets follow the holes to see where the main source is. they followed the holes and it led them to the barn. they heard a lot of noise from the horses then the cows and then the chickens. whats going on in here, luke said. almost right after he said that he spotted a cottenmouth snake on of the most deadliest snakes of all, besides the viper. oh my chicken nuggets, its a snake, paul screamed. the snake heard paul scream and turned around to face paul. the sake bunched up and luke said, run! paul was to late. the snake bit him on his ankle and paul fell to the floor. luke grabbed an iron horse shoe and threw it at the snake, missed the first time, but the second hit the snake in the head. get away from my friend! yelled luke, or ill through another one! the snake just stayed there hissing at luke. luke threw another one and hit the snake again and killed the snake. luke threw the dead snake out of the barn and got all the venom out of paul. lets go now, luke said. they left and was on the boat untill one of the horses saw a spider and ran towrds land. lets just leave it after all we have  horses, said paul. they left and was having the time of their lifes, seeing all type of sea creatures and weird fish. they made it to europe and delived the animals safe and sound. so did you have fun? asked luke. yes, it is fun to get out of the house and two screaming girls and enjoy life while we still can, said paul they made it to homeland and had the best welcome back party of their lifes. luke said bye to paul when paul went on his next trip and luke went home to do house chores. they never saw each other again because it was said that there was a storm that year and the ss wiilington  capsized in the water and was never seen again. that was the story of paul and luke, the seagoing cowboys.