the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despit the dangers it persents, because he or she feels very strongly that there is more to venus then we think. many people think that venus is a star because of the nickname it was given evening star, but it is really a planet. venus is the second planet from the sun. from a distance we are safe but is has been one of the most challenging planets to examine closly. the author thinks that venus is worth learning more about because it is the most earth like panet in the solar system. it has shown signs of various forms of life, oceans, valleys, mountains, and craters. with these shocking findings many scientists will be wanting ti find out more avout the dangrous planet. venus is an extreamly hard planet to acess safely. the atmosphere is made up of almost  percent carbon dioxide, and it coveres the entire planet of venus. the more challenging part of landin gon venus id the cloud that are made up of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. when you get to the actual part of the planet the temperatures avrage of about  degrees fahrenheit, and the pressure of the atnosphere is  tmes greater then on earth. to get there safely the only way would to hover about  miles over the planet. although studying venus is a dangrous activity there are other soultions to getting there safely. many scientists are working on finding a way to make the machines last long enough fo us to gather information and samples. finding a soultion that will work for in the harsh ennviroment that venus brings is going to be very diffcult. the scientists are going to have to extra hard to get something that can stand the conditons. the idea of studying such a dangerous planet can be a little unsettling, you have to know all the things that could go wrong and how to prevent them and you also have to be prepared for everything. the author thinks that studying venus is a good idea even though is is dangerous because he or she knows that there is more to it then we can see. for all we know there could be forms of life on there. studying venus will do good for the people working at nasa and all the other who study our solar system because it will bing in more information about things that have happend and why some things happen on earth today. the article states that our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imigination and innovation. this quote from the article the challenge of exploring venus sums up the whole point in which we should not let the diffculties get in our way of discovering more and more. scientist want to explore and learn more about venus not because they just want to but because it has value. learning more about venus will likely lead us to many more good things. even though venus is a dangrous place to explore and study its worth a chance, there are so many good things that can come out of it. if one day we are able to produce equipment that can withhold the conditions venus brings us we will unlock so many new things. goog things can come out of the bad.