in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthwhile task. although venus poses many risks to humans and technology, the information and resources that can be taken from venus are overwhelming. in the beginning of the article, the author explains the many complications that come along with trying to study venus. previously, more than three decades ago, there were numerous attempts to study venus, but shorty after landing spacecrafts, they were destroyed due to the conditions. this is because of the daunting environment venus possesses, the atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide, temperatures can acceed  degrees fahrenheit, and the pressure is  times greater than the pressure on earth. although these environmental factors seem to be disasterous for almost anything that would dare set foot on the planet, the author decribes two possible ways to get around this delima. first the author describes an idea posed by nasa. nasa says that sending people to venus is possible, as long as theyre above the intense conditions of the planet. they say that hovering at around the height airplains fly in hot airbaloons, humans could uncomfortably survive. second, simple systems that use mechanical parts, have been proven to last up to three weeks in a simulated recreation of venus. theses rovers could prove useful for grathering test samples that the balloons above the atmosphere would not be able to, also they would be able to take greater quality pictures and study the land more effectively. scientists say that venus could have supported life long ago as well as have similiar aspects to earth such as large oceans, valleys, mountains, and craters. according to the author this would prove usefull if similar conditons arose on earth, and would give us insite about the rest of the universe. the reward of knowledge that would be yeilded from the daunting exploration of venus out weighs the risks and complications that would arise. the author supports his argument well and makes a convencing claim.