i say that the image on the moon is just a natural land from because , the image is located  degrees north martain lattitude where it was winter . other reason i belive this becuase the passage states it is not a easy to target cydonia in facts its hard work. my last reason is in the last paragraph , stating that it looks like a lava dome that takes form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face of the moon . let me explain my reasons for my beleifes . my first reason is in paragraph  , it states the facw of mars is located  degress north cydonia lattitude where it was winter. meaning it was winter, in winter theres very massivewinds odjects are going to fly around out in space . so to me an object hit mars when the winds were blowing . i didnt forget about the passage saying that the image resembles a huam . i mean this is outter space winds are very massive out there , more thatn likely winds just blew so much dust off of the area that those figuares appared . second reason falls in paragragh  stating that its not easy to target cydonia in facts its hard w. this is telling me that cydoia is hard to reach meaning it hard to get out there . that follows on my point because it cant be a human face its its hard to reach , human dont have the speicalised equiment we do , so how could the possibly find there way to make it out there , even if they did you would see no facel features , they would have to have on a helmis in order to breath out there. also aliens to me are not as identical to us so i dont thing the shape would be so round resembling a human my third and final reason is that paragragh  states that it looks like a lava dome that takes the form of a isolated mesa about the same height as the face on the moo. i picked this reason because this is more reasonably that the alien canerio . its already staing that its about the same size as the face on the moon . with all the winds that were happing this could possibly be right . its makes mor scence than the other topics because it adds up . thats why i say its a natural land form . the winds , its hard work to get out there , and that lava dome takes the place of the shape that was on the moon . with my reasonds i just gave its makes scence , and sounds way more believeable that the aliens topic , because we dont even know if aliens are real or not . with my reasons you too should think its a natural land frpm to .