the author supports the idea of that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by the author explains the pros of going in venus and how nasa made it easier for everyone. the author talks more about how going to venus can also be a good thing for the scientists. going to the venus can be a bad thing, but the scientists will have more opportunities to learn about the similerities and the differences between the earth and venus. the author provides information about the distence from earth to venus. the author provided, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too paragraph . this evidence explains that it can also be very easy for the scientists to travel there than to travel to the other planets because it is very close to earth and thats why people call it the twin of earth. the author goes furthermore explaining about the pros of going to venus. the author talks about how scientists also like to go to the venus because venus is more earthy. it is stated, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system paragraph . this evidence also proves that the scientists wants to go to venus and explore it. venus was covered largely with oceans long ago, and it also supported various forms of life just like earth does. it is the nearest option for scientists for a planetary visits. nasa has also came up with a possible solution for to go to venus. it is written, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray paragraph . now here is the solution for scientists to go to venus. it will be a lot easier now and more fun for scientists to visit another planet just like earth. also to learn more about it. venus could be hard planet to visit, but nasa has provided a solution which could help scientists to visit the similar planet. not only it is fun to visit, but it can help people learn about why venus is similar to earth and why can anyone not go there. therefore, nasa will be able to send people there and learn all about venus similarities and the differences.