have you ever wondered if that someday cars would be able to operate themselves just like on t.v. or in the movies? well this dream may as well be considered a reality. cofounder of google, sergey brin, has envisoned a world where autopiloted cars, buses, trains, etc. are your everyday source of transportation, and with the funds and technology they have they may be on the rise. however though, have you even come to realize all the negatives this new form of transportation might have on people? in these times today its hard for an everyday person to get a job, whether you are a high school drop out or even have a diploma. think about how many taxi drivers, transits, bus stops, and trains would be put out of buisness and all of the people whod be without jobs. another thing is, the cost of all these smart cars would be outrageous! it would cost millions of dollars to fund these manufacters and designers, why spend so much money on something when you already have a system ran by actual people instead of computers? one big concern i have with this technology is safety. would you feel safer being driven around by a robot or by a person whos spent nearly their entire life behind the wheel? plus, even if these cars were finished and road ready think about if an accident occured. who would be blamed in this situation? the driver? the computer? or maybe even the manufacter? one big thing is so many new laws would have to be put in place if these cars were completed. it seems just extremley uneccisary to fix something that isnt broken. in all honesty with all of these negatives why put lives, jobs, and money at stake just to try something because its cooler or interesting, why fix a system that runs efficently and keeps people going financially, just to try to get in the new era? i think the system we have now works just fine and has a lot less negatives compared to this smart car. so tell me... would you put your lives on the line and trust a computer or keep things the old way and trust another human with experience behind the wheel?