planet earth has so much in common with planet venus. therefore, it is a good idea to study venus. in the challenge of exploring venus, the author explains that studying venus is a chance that people should be willing to take. the author goes on to support this idea. the author does a wonderful job at supporting the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. visiting venus would open up opportunities for space exploration and understanding. learning the landscape and other features would expand the knoweldge of scientists as well as astronauts. the author states, venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel, paragraph . the national aeronautics and space administration is determined to discover more features of venus in comparison to earth, so much that they are planning to create a machine in order to survive the landing. more experiments are being conducted with a plethora of approaches to survive the landing. nasa is anxious to set foot on venus. nasas current research consists of innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knoweledge of venus, paragraph . nasa clearly views the exploration of venus as necessary by assembling multiple machines in order to gain a better understanding of the planet itself. determined to explore venus, nasa is inventing machines that can withstand all dangers. dangers are a factor, starting with the extreme temperature difference. the temperature on venus is about eight times hotter than earth, meaning the chances of a human surving are slim to none. the weather on venus consists of atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide... temperatures average over  degrees farenheit, paragraph . the conditions of venus are far more drastic than many humans have ever experienced. however, the studies completed and the knoweledge gained are worth the struggles and hard work put in. while dangers are present, the author makes it clear that the voyage is worth the risk. the trip would advance space exploration and grant scientists the oppurtunity to study unfamiliar life forms. nasa is currently assembling all types of machines in an attempt to make a safe landing on venus. the dangers determine the features each machine must include. the exploration is possible with the right machine and can inform the world of new discoveries.