some people believe that the face on mars was created by aliens. its good to use your imaginations, but sadly, that wouldnt be the case. most to even all evidence proves that the face is simply a natural landform on mars, similar to natural landforms on earth. its a common happening, and the most logical answer. us scientists at nasa have been researching the face for years. sure, the first picture of the face did resemble that of a human face, or an egyptian pharaoh as it says in paragraph  of the article unmasking the face on mars, but since then weve been able to get better, higherquality pictures that show that what made the face look like a face was simply shadows. the face is a landform on mars, and thats simply it. its similar to landforms common around the american west, as it states in paragraph twelve, its the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa here on earth. if that doesnt convince you that its not aliens that created the face, hopefully this will. in paragraph  of the article on the face, it states some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars  evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. this isnt true. if nasa were to find life on mars, it would benefit us. we wouldnt have a reason to hide it. as proof, thats also stated in paragraph , defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. now, if defenders of our budget wish that there were ancient civilizations on mars, dont you think we wouldnt hide it? this shows that it would benefit us if it were that, proving further that aliens arent the creators of the face. if youre still not convinced, look at the picture we took of the face on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time. nasa got a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos, as stated in paragraph . this means that it was much easier to see the face, and what it actually was. the pictures revealed something amazing... the face was a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. i know, shocking! but these are just the facts. some argued that is was cloudy that day on mars, so alien markings were hidden by haze, as it states in paragraph . so we took a better picture on april ,   an uncloudy day on mars  showing, again, that it was just a landform. nothing more to it. in conclusion, the face is just a natural landform on mars, similar to those here on our home planet, earth. as far as anyone knows, even nasa, there are no lifeforms on mars of any kind that made the face. as it says in paragraph , the pictures we took on april  were so highquality that if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were! if there were any kind of aliens or alien markings on the face, or creating the face at that time, you would have been able to see it in that picture. the face is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, landforms commonly seen here on earth. thats all there is to it. no aliens. no magic. just natural happenings, thats simply all the face is.