human emotion is similar to that of a rubix cube. to say the least, they are both incredibly hard to understand. for some, its quite easy to read and understand how one feels just by looking at them. meanwhile others, might have a more excruciating time trying to understand how another person feels. however, with the upbringing of a new technology called the facial action coding system, that may no longer be the case. the software is able to decipher human emotion by using video imagery.that is why as technology is becoming more advanced by the day, the use of the facial action coding sytem in places such as classrooms is extremely valuable. in todays generation, the use of technology is more prevalent than ever before. especially in the classroom. by using the facs facial action coding system , teachers and students would be able to help modify teaching lessons to help improve the classroom and school learning environment. in paragraph six prof. thomas huang, of beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, discusses the use of using such elite hardware in schools.  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. the text also descirbes how using the facial action coding sytem can be benfeficial on computers saying imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad...if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow...if you frown, the next ad will be different. by using the facial action coding system, teachers and students would be able to explain questions and problems to each other, as well as how to make learning a more suitable experience for everyone in the classroom. this includes having simpler homework questions or practicing questions by using computer games or programs. the use of the advanced software could even go far beyond the classroom and into after school activities. by using the facs software, it could hep students get more involved in after school activities or help them improve on a specific skill for that activity. in paragraph nine, the text discusses how drama coach constatin stanislavsky uses the facial action coding sytem helps improve his actors emotions on stage. ...a renowned drama coach... had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. empathy...may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions. the use of these advanced tools isnt only a teaching method. it is a way to steadily improve how one preforms in any aspect of their activities. not only is this valuable in classrooms, it is valuable in activities such as theater. as technology is becoming more and more advanced by the day, it is important that the people of this generation use the tools given so they can improve in all parts of their daily lives. by using the facial action coding sytem, science and technology is opening the door to a bigger and brighter future.