have you ever gotten one of those moments where you think, how did they read my emotions? now imagine that with a computer. we can use computer technology to detect emotions of someone. it could even help in detecting depression. the facial action coding system can detect multiple emotions at once. the author even considers that dr. huangs emotion algorithms are a different sort of da vinci codeparagraph . the scientists that work with facs demonstrated with the mona lisa, with the intention to see what she was feeling like. computers should have this technology because most communication between humans is nonverbal, in realtionship with emotional communication. while your pc at home cant handle the complexity of this expirement that was used to decode the mona lisas smile, it is still possible to find emotions. but we can write down son simple instructions that encode different emotions paragraph . you may not always need this type of technology, but with increasing cases of depression, it could be possible to detect early stages of depression before it is too late. some experts are able to see when people lie on television. actors for example, are caught lying by professionals because of the certain muscles that would have been used by that actor. the experts are able to figure out if that muscle they are using is making a fake emotion or not. but not everyone is an expert in this type of facial reading. which is why we should have technology in classrooms detecting student emotions. during a lesson in a class or something, expressions cold be read to figure out if they arent paying attention because they are laughing, if they feel mad about something, or if they just dont care. the technology could even detect when something is putting on a fake smile during class. i stand with the people who believe that we should use facs to read students emotinal expressions. it could help detect depression in students, it could help with finding out what the students could be confused about and it could also be used to see what students may be distracted on something else. putting on a fake smile may not always work, but putting on a real one will make you feel happier.