since the movie back to the future people have been wanting flying cars and robot things, but driverless cars are a very bad idea to make. the idea in thought is good cause the kid inside us is happy but for it to go out on market would cause more problems than the law can handle. a car that can drive itself is a bad idea, because the money needed to make it should be spent on better things, unempolyment would drive to the sky, and learning to drive will be unneeded until its to late. first of all, the money needed to make the programs and the cars should be going into better things. the money to make and test the program could have gone into building a new neighborhood for the homeless families liveing in shelters. the safety part of the program that needs to be tested is useing alot of cars that will be crashed and alot of people getting paid to watch the crashing of cars that could have been use to test a new strain of food that can grow faster. secondly, a lot of jobs are lost in the making of a driverless taxi service. if people stop buying cars then dealerships throughout the country will close down and people will be laid off. to have that many people without jobs, or have jobs lined up after, that would hurt america more than it could handle. all the people who are driving taxis would be not needed when it is cheaper and safer to use the driverless cab. lastly, driverless cars would make learning to drive an unneeded skill. people would slowly stop learning to drive and forget how to. when the car gets hacked by something and you need to drive the car to save yourself the skill isnt there so you crash anyway. meaning that people would die in car accidents caused by hacking and no one knew how to drive to get out of the problem at hand. in conclusion, a driverless taxi service is a very bad idea, becuase money could be used for better things, the jump in unempoliment would sky rocket, learning to drive will be unimpornat until it is imporant. dont stop dreaming and slowly get to that goal, but never make it unneeded to drive a car.