driverless cars should be developed. many cars already have a step towards the driverless car, like the  bmw. the  bmw has already been developed with a traffic jam assistant. cars will keep being developed for the safety of anyone driving the car. cars are made sure to be well manufactured, so why not allow a driverless car to be made? if cars now are being made for better saftey, then why not trust that a driverless car would be safe as well? many car now are being made with systems that make the car have more control than the driver. a driverless car could help to prevent car accidents from happening. by the time a driverless car is allowed to be made, other cars would have better construction to it and a diverless car would also have those better constructions for the saftey of anyone in the car. cars have progressed from the time they were created to now. if the saftey of the car has been improved, then why not let car companies be able to create better ones. as cars are manufactured more, they get safer and safer. by the time a driverless car is created, or is planning to be created, it will be very safe. the creators could also make a setting to make the car go back to being manual if its too much of a scare for the driver. if the law would let a car company create at least one driverless car for a test, then they could see if the idea is a good or bad choice. many things have been tested to see if they are well enough to be produced to the people, or if it should be denied. testing a product is always the first thing to do when it comes to being able to sell them, so why not make a draft of one before seeing if its a good idea to make it or not. as a conclusion to my argument for the development for driverless cars, i believe that they should be created. with more and more cars being created to almost replicate driverless car, why not start making them and testing them. driverless cars would eventually be created and many people would have them. it would be better to get a head start on teh driverless car to see what modifications still need to be done before selling them to the public. also less car accidents would be likely to happen, and driveing on roads and streets would be safer for all the people.