do you think that venus would be satanceable to live on as we do on earth? nasa has reason to belive that human could live on venus one day and that their where oceans and living things on venus a long time ago. venus may or may not be a place we can call home now but nasa will make it a point to find out if we could. a small piece of the article states, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. this is telling us that venus may have oceans and forms of life they just can not prove it at this time. as of today, human can only peer at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions. a piece from the text states most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. this shows that this in fact dangerous for us to go to venus to study how it is like being there. nasa is working on an approach for humans to study venus. a small spart from paragraph  states,  some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. some other projects would be to look back at old technology called mechanical computers. this is telling us that nasa is trying their best to try and get human to study venus to see what goes on over there. in conclusion at the moment venus is not at shape to have humans study there let alone live there. venus may or may not be a place we can call home now but nasa will make it a point to find out if we could as of now the answer in no but in the future the world will see. this matters because if something where to happen to our earth we could die if we did not have anywhere else to go, nasa finding out if venus is up to date to let humans live their would save countless amounts of lives and be a place we can call home if anything where to happen the the world we call home today.