if venus is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing visits to the planets surface? yes, venus sounds like a planet worth visiting and exploreing. but venus is dangerous and sending people down to the surface is risking their lives. the atmosphere on venus is toxic and unbarable to humans. venuss atmosphere is made up of almost  oercent carbon dioxide. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosivr sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. this tells us that is it likely for a human to die if they go to venus. their ships would burn up because of the clouds and they would be left on the planet to die within a few minutes. venuss atmosphere has temperatures that average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheris pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this tells us that if we send people to venus the ship will burn up with them inside. and because of the atmospheric pressure, the ship would be crushed and so would everything in the ship. venuss geology and weather present more dangers for humans. because venuss atmosphere is  degrees fahrenheit, venus has the hotest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. this shows us that no matter what, even if the ship makes it to the surface, it would burn up and so would the humans. the temperature of venus is very deadly to humans and their ship and equitment. venus also has additional dangers because of its weather and geology, like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. this tells us that venus has even more dangers on the surface than just in the stmosphere. scientist wouldnt even be able to send a probe down to scan the land and get photos of the surface or atmosphere because it would get struck by lightning and be destroyed. scientists are talking about sending people to venus even if it risks the persons life. long ago, venus was probably covered laregly with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this tells us that venus could have be abke to support human life. humans could have been able to explore venus and send probes there to get pictures. but something happened to the surface and atmosphere and it all changed for the worst, and now human cant get close enough to the planet to get pictures of the surface because of the clouds of above it. venuss suface similar to earths because, the planet has a surface of rocky sidiment and includes fimiliar features sush as valleys, mountains, and craters. this tells us that long ago venus was just like earth, they had very similiar fetures and had bodies of land. venus could have been another planet that could have supported life. this also tells us that venus could be a very beautiful planet that is worth exploring, but is it really worth a persons life? overall, venus is dangerous and sending people down to the surface is risking their lives. the atmosphere on venus is toxic and unbarable to huma. venuss geology and weather present more dangers for humans. even though venuss surface and atmosphere is dangerous for humans, scientist are still talking about sending people to venus. venus is a challenge for humans to survive, let alone, a chellenge to explore.