if im imaging myself to be a scientist at nasa dicussing the face with someone who thinks it was created by aliens because why would the moon have faces on it and plus humans cant be out in outter space without an space suit beacuse they can die within seconds. and if i have some scientist partners that trust me and believe what im saying because anything or anyone could of done this for fun.. it just takes time to figure out whats going on, on the moon. and figure out that something has to doing this and make it look like us peoplescientist at nasa look crazy. by saying that theres a face on the moon. who wants to believe that soemone has made a face on the moon by these past years. but i know we peoplescientist of nasa will figure out what it might be causing these marks faces on the moon. and no one can say anything about whats happening beacuse they dont know the truth and how do we know or donnt know that if someone is trying to make us look stupid and make it look like something or someone has been on that moon marking it? one of the things is that im still kinda confused on is how or what could of done this and why? why would somebody or something do this to our moon? and if they did it to our moon to just mess around and make fun of us for thinking that it was something real or aliens that i dont believe in for some reason. but i just dont think it could be aliens beacuse they are not real. plus ive seen a real and real evidence from the internet or anywhere else and theres no proof. and another reason why i think that it couldnt be anything alive is that they couldnt survive a second out in space. and maybe it couldve been the moon itself. what i mean by that is that the moon can just form it itself and created just a peron face or just have been something else that no one could or would ever identify. even if they try so hard to do. it still wouldnt work. maybe its just how the landform just creates in space. like maybe the other plantes have something in coomon and do the same thing but no one could ever notice.