in the article unmasking the face on mars it tells us about a face that was found by a nasa viking  spacecraft. many may belive this face was created by aliens on mars. however i will prove to you using text evidence that this so called face was actually just a landform. in this artice on may ,  a nasa spacecraft was circling mars searching for a place for the viking  to land on the planet when it came across a landform that looked like a face. however, it could not have been a face due to the low quality of a picture the blurryness made the image look like it had shadows that gave the face a nose, a mouth, and some eyes. in order for nasa to prove to the americans that this was not a landform created by aliens on mars they took another picture in . by looking at this picture and another picture from  in these higher quality pictures it does not look like a face at all. another reason other than physical evidence, is the fact that nasa would not lie about life on mars. if the u.s. found physical evidence of life form on any other planet than earth they would most definetly spread the news. finding life on other planets would be a huge accomplishment and a very exciting thing. one landform from a blurry photo that looks like a face will not prove there is life on mars. its not an easy target cyndonia, says garvin.in fact its hard work. a quote from the article unmasking the face on mars. why would nasa put in hard work to prove that the landform was not an artifact made by aliens? because its not an alien made artifact. they took time and a lot of money to see if it was just a landform so they made absoute  sure it was just a landform so that they didnt waste money on chance. in order for aliens to be able to survive on mars, they would have to have food, water, plants, and shelter. all of these things mars does not have. how is an alien supposed to survive without the natural resources it needs to live? how would an alien even be able to make a huge artifact on mars without any tools? in conclusion, the landform found on mars was indeed not made by aliens. they have picture proof, if they actually found evidence for life on mars they would tell the world,they spent lots of money making sure it was just a landform, and mars doesnt have the resources that an alien would need to survive. if nasa ever finds life on mars they will tell us but for now mars is a big empty planet.