in , a remarkable natural landform was discovered on mars, a land form known now as, the face. scientist have debated on whether the face is a natural landform or created by an ancient civilization on mars. i believe this is really just a natural landform, and the reason i believe this is because of recent evidence. reasons why i support this are, in  picture quality wasnt as advanced as it is today and, this rock formation is similar to ones that occur on earth. the face, a huge rock formation, at nearly two miles long. this face like formation is also known as cydonia. cydonia in the mid s was thought to be a strange landform built by aliens. although, really its like any other naturally occuring landform on earth. according to the artical unmasking the face on mars, what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. in the new updated picture of the face, it is clearly seen as a land formation, not done by aliens. then in  picture of cydonia was not as advanced as it is today. in the  pictures, each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  photo. this quote from paragraph  explains that, the picture power was very noticable different in the photograph from  than . this means that the pictures from  are not reliable because of the poor pixel quality. proving that the face is just a natural landform. on april th,  the mars global surveyor traveled to mars and flew over cydonia for the first time. these photos were said to be ...ten times sharper than the original viking photos, according to the artical. so on that day in  people tuned in to find out the real truth. a quote from paragraph  in the artical states, thousands of anxious web surfers were waitng when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing...a natural landform. in the end, it turns out that there was really no alien monuments. in conclusion, my claim is that the face is just a naturally occuring landform. first, are earth landforms that are similar, called mesas. next, pictures took in , are outdated and have poor pixel quality. lastly, since april th,  there are pictures proving that the face is just a natural landform. therefore making my claim true, the face on mars is nothing but a natural landform.