have you ever thought of limiting your car usage or just stop driving period? well you might. today the average joe driving to work filling the air with pollution, but tommorw he could be riding a bike or any type of public transportation. limiting your car usage is very important, you could save the world and its pretty efficient. to begin, the earth is filled with pollution, but scientist have been trying to find a solution and i think we just found it. in german suburb, life goes on without cars elisabeth rosenthal writes about a small upscale community called vauban, germany where the residents are suburban pioneers. what made them pioneers was that they had given up their cars. places like vauban are becoming a trend in europe, the u.s, and elsewhere to seperate subrban life from auto use as a component of a movement stated in the text as smart planning. also in paris a law was passed, banning all cars for a couple days as presented in paris bans driving due to smog rober duffer states that congestion was down  percent...after fivedays of intesifying smog. this idea to solve the worlds pollution problem is working. furthermore, this idea is also efficient. the idea need you to reduce your car usage and revert to other methods of travel, like bikes, skateboards, and public transportation. for example in carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota andrew selsky writes millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day...leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. this event has going on for a while its creating a revolution. this event has seen the construction of  miles of bicycle paths. what about america? well recent studies suggest thet americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by as stated in another elisabeth rosenthal article the end of car culture. also the article says if the pattern persists...it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment. only the future will tell where this solution is headed. in conclusion to, the fact that an idea like this has been around for years and the amount of progress it has is amazing. the polution and green house problems are going out the window and were to blame for it.