one of the top reasons of death is due to texting and driving there are tons of car crahses due to texting and driving. texting is something that is not handsfree so you have to remove your eyes from the road and your hands from the steering wheel.the automotive companies coming out with cars that drive themselves is a great opurtunity to help the death tolls be less. this gives the driver the ability to send that important message to there boss saying that they are late with out crashing or taking there eyes off the rode. there are many safety features that help the car move along by thereself until the driver actually is needed. according to the article some automobiles such as the toyota prius modified by google have sensors the estimate position and arotating sensor that detects things around it, a video camera , a gps receiver and an inertial motion sensor. these are all safety features to make the car more hands free and its mimic the skill of a human that way you can focus on one thing at a time. these sensors also can cause the brakes to automaticlly brake and allowing better signals and more distance in between cars. the sensors are still being improved in order to make driving safer and that way its less work for the drivers. some people wonder how would they know when its there turn to drive well there are mutiple ways some cars simply just say it, other cars have vibrating seats and then theres a few with flashing lights on the windshield. but other citizens are concerned about who is held reliable for any car crashes seeing how your not driving percent of the time. thses are things that are still being considered and decided on. however some states ban these cars because they feel the driver should be alert at all times. many car companies are working on these cars to see the best and safest way in order to keep us safe. however they will determine who is held responsible but they are trying to not think negative because they have been trying them for a hile now and have not had an accidents according too google and they have had cars like this since . the automotive companies are still enhancing the cars to make sure that they are safe and also abide by the laws. this would be an amazing way to lower the deaths throughout the world. this will be a godo advancement and in the end most likely do more good then harm to the entire world except the states who do not allow this advancement. however in the end everyone will most likely allow these types of automobiles.