you may have heard of the evening star, but this is actually a planet. venus has been studied for many years. but becausse of the extreme temperatures, high pressures, and many more dangers, it has kept us from knowing more about it. the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers, very well. first of all, the author gives details of how venus is similar to earth. in paragraph , the author states, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. later in paragraph , the author goes on to say, today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. these both show that venus is a worthy pursuit. since venus is so close and similar to earth, this could potentially be a new planet that could substain life. this shows how the author is well supporting that venus could be worthy despite the dangers by showing a benefit of studying it. in paragraph , the author develops that same idea even better. they stated, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likey lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this shows that the author thinks that knowledge and new insight can be gained by pursuing venus. the author also shows how researchers need to get up and close to venus. paragrpah  says that peering form a ships or hoveing the planet cannot give full insight on ground conditions because light cannot penetrate through the dense atmosphere. researchers are also not able to get samples of sediments from the ground of they are up above. this goes to show that the author thinks missions and studies made on the ground should be done. that demonstrates how well the author is supporting hisher belief that venus is a worhty pursuit by demonstrating all the benefits that come from studying the planet. in conclusion, the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worhty pursuit very well, by showing earth and venus are similar, and showing the knowledge we would gain from it. by showing how earth and venus are similar, this is suggesting that venus could have advancements and substain life like earth. both of these are great advancements to humans and therefore supports the authors idea that studying venus is worhty despite its dangers.