cars are a big thing in our life and we need to get from one place to another. cars were invented back in the s. the cars are powered by gasoline, but that resource is running low. so in the future we must find a new resource, so that we can transport. every year cars are gettin newer and have new features like some have wifi in them. people say that driveless cars are a good thing, but some say they are bad. i believe that driveless cars are a good thing because they can decrease the chance of injurys or death, the traffic jam assistant can assist us if we need it, and they keep us safe. the first reason why i believe that driveless cars are a good thing is because they decrease the chance of getting injured or being dead. some cars today are making cars more stronger. they can tell when theres been a crash and how to avoid one. if a road is blocked they can navigate to a new road without crashing. and these are my examples of why driveless cars decrease the chance of getting injured and being dead. another reason why i believe that driveless cars are good is because the traffic jam system can assist us if we need it. like they make sure that were paying attention to the road that we are driving on. they know when we have our hands are on the wheel by using special touch sensors. the seat vibrates when it knows that the car is in danger. and these are my examples of why the traffic jam system can assist us. the last reason why i believe that driveless cars are good is because they keep us safe. like when the system is driving and it gets confused they driver can take over and drive. the car companys are trying to find new ways to keep the driver safe. the trucks are being built stronger so that they can break less. the car can cause less fires. and these are my exmples of why they keep us safe. there are roads being built right now to test the driveless car so that we can have more evidence if it is safe for the people inside the car. there are laws being made to inform the makers of them to add an automatic brake when it has a person in front. if the driveless system fails then the person can takeover and drive. people say that drivelss cars good, but some say they are bad. i believe that driveless cars are a good thing and we will wait for what the future has for cars.