should the idea of driverless cars be looked at differently? there are many people who are agreeing that this is a good idea while there are many others saying that this idea is a very dangerous, unthought idea. no one is truly wrong in these opinions. the people agreeing are looking at the benefits, but seeing past the disadvantages of driverless cars. the few who are against this, can see that there are benefits, but they are looking more into depth of the disadvantages. it is said that while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver in these selfoperating vehicles. therefore, there are multiple cameras on these cars, right? there would have to be so that the car can watch the driver, watch the road, and watch its surroundings. without these aspects, the vehicle wouldnt be safe at all. i dont think you can program a car to think the way humans do either. we make decisions about every turn and acceleration and we are more knowledgable about cars than a computer would be. this idea may work out to be safe as technology advances and the creators work harder, but these cars will never be as safe as the vehicles that can be operated by a human. the chances of driverless cars being used and operated on the road are likely. it states in the paragraph, the road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination everyday. the creators will probably do everything in their power to make this work and it will probably begin being used nationwide one day. insurance rates may go up because of this because car wrecks are a lot more likely and we dont know how that could damage our cars. the rates may or may not go up, but if they do many people are going to be upset because now the people who drive normal cars will have to pay more on their insurance because of the people in the selfoperating cars getting into wrecks. i dont think people would be happy with something like that and if someones loved ones dies there will be a lot of anger put toward the manufacturers because of the fact that they died in a driverless car accident. i think the idea of driverless cars should be held off for a while longer. all consequences of what could happen should be considered by the manufacturers, creators, and designers of these cars. it would make it all safer and worth while in the long run and all of that extra time and money wouldnt be put into something that people might regret purchasing. it would be put into something that makes lives a little easier and something that could make a person feel comfortable driving in without being worried of the possibilities of what could be taken from them such as their lives or extreme injuries that could make them crippled and unable to live their lives the way they once were.