the author excellently supports the idea that even though it is dangerous, venus is worth exploring. you can tell the author supports the idea of further exploration of venus because of their use of details. the author explains venus, why it is so dangerous, and why we should continue exploring it to support the idea that venus is a challenge that we should not give up on. one of the reasons the authors point comes across so well is how in depth they explain venus so that the reader can be more knowlegable about the topic before the author begins to explain why we should continue to explore it. the author gives as much detail as a book about planets so that the reader knows that the author is well versed in the topic and is not having an opinion without factual evidence to support it. in paragraph , it says often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. earth, venus, and mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds.. throughout this paragraph, the author gives information about venus so you can understand in depth how and why it is explored, and most importantly, why it is so dangerous. the danger of venus is why it is mostly unknown, and why humans want to study it more. even unmanned missions do not survive venuss burning temperatures and intense pressure for more than a couple hours, making it very challenging to study. the author uses data like in the quote  a thick atmosphere of amost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere.paragraph , to show how dangerous it is and why venus is mostly unexplored. the author shows that the danger is not keeping nasa away, but it is drawing them closer. the author states that astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. paragraph . to the author, natural human curiousity is another reason why we should continue pursuing venus, and how we are going to continue to explore venus, even if it is dangerous. the author uses examples of ideas from real scientists to support the statement that we should not give up on the idea of knowing more about venus. nasa is still trying to figure out a way to have people explore venus deeper. the author uses nasas solutions to the conditions of venus to explain why we should never stop exploring space. nasa is coming up with solutions to venus, but they might prove ineffective, so pursuing veus is still a worthy idea. they are trying to come up with a way to float above the harms of venus, so they can still study it close, but be unaffected by the harmful temperatures and pressures of the surface. the author offers a rebuttal to this idea, saying peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. paragraph . this information the author presents makes the reader understand that venus is insanely difficult to explore when even nasa can not present useful ideas for intense exploration. but even when every idea is shut down, the author makes it clear that we should not give up the fight for exploration. venus is still an unhabitable planet for even our smartest robots. we as humans have tried our hardest to make sure we understand the many planets in out solar system. even though it seems impossible, the author explains very successfully that this does not mean exploring venus is impossible, it just means venus is a complicated puzzle, but when it is solved, everyone will be overwhelmed with satisfaction, so to the author, giving up is not an option. the author believes that one day, exploring venus in depth will be possible, and they explain their reasoning behind it very clearly so the reader can understand that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents.