driverless cars will be the future cars of america. techonolgy just keeps changing the world for the better. driveeless cars will change the world one day. google has had cars that could drive independently under conditions since . that is only the start of these fantastic cars. the driverless cars will still be under construction for awhile, before they truly can be operated all by themselevs. googles car have driven more than half a millon miles without a crash. google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or diffcult traffic issues. there are still things that need to be added to the car. the most important bit of techonolgy in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near rearview mirror, four automotive radar senors, a gps receiver, and an intertial motion sensor. all of these senors to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. having a driverless car would be the perfect route to go. by  everyone will not have to drive anymore. within  years, those senors have become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. the senors can now cause the car to apply brakes and reduce power from the engine. it allows far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. it is safe to me. i would be very comfterable driving a driversless car. they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to let the driver know when the road ahead requires hman skills. such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the driver must stay alert and be ready to take over at any given time. i could trust myself enough to drive one of these fasinating cars. driverless cars are deffiently still a working process. i do believe one of these days driverless cars will be the real deal. this started in the late s, eventually these cars will be on the market. when they are availbe to buy i will be owning a driverless vechile.