one of the topics in driverless cars are coming was that a safer car comes from a safer driver, and that statement is pretty clear. driverless cars are not as safe as a human driver. cars should be controlled by a person  percent of the time, because a computer wont always know what the best choice is to make our technology is not quite good enough to be extremely reliable yet and it should not be encouraged for people to be lazy behind the wheel. in paragraph , it states that the cars need human assistance when navigating bad driving conditions. when driving conditions are not ideal, a person should be in control all the time. even when approaching a crash or construction site. this is because there might be things that a person notices, but a car might not. a car might not pick up on things that a human would, because the cars dont have technology that is advanced enough. technology is a fast moving world, but if the technology is not perfect, it should not be used in something as dangerous as a car. this is why new cars are getting recalled all the time. if regular cars, that use technology that is known to be reliable, get recalled then then what would happen if new technolgy was inccorporated. there is a reason for why there are so many proccesses to go through before someone can get a license. it is mostly for young drivers to relaize how important it is to be a safe driver. driving is not something that people should take lightly. driverless cars would encourage, already lazy, drivers to become lazier. it would also take the best and most reliable drivers out of the picture. if people are encouraged to be lazy behind the wheel, they wont be ready to respond when they need to. also, if a computer is driving most of the time, and then the computer puts all the weight on a crappy driver who doesnt know what they are doing, it makes the situation even worse. these are just a few of the many resons why driverless cars are not a good idea. this is why cars should be controlled by a person  percent of the time. a computer wont always know what the best choice is to make our technology is not quite good enough to be extremely reliable and it should not be encouraged for people to be lazy behind the wheel.