driverless cars are clearly the newest innovation that will most likely affect human life. not needing to stay awake for an entire roadtrip sounds like an amazing idea. being able to take a nap while you are stuck in traffic would make it enjoyable. but the only problem with selfdriving cars would be the price and maintanece required. they would most likely be too expensive for the average home so the only reasonable answer would be renting the vehicle. driverless cars would be a great innovation for people with disabilties. someone who was severly injured and is now incappable of driving by themselves would greatly benefit. a senior who cant rely on their own motor skills could now easily travel to visit family. transportation would be much simpler when the vehicle is able to pick you up, drive you to your destination, and ounce its delivered you it would drive back to maintanence. there are plenty of benefits of a driverless car, but the largest benefit would be its impact on the economy. these new cars need to be manufactured, which will create new jobs in factories that wil create these new cars. it will also require people who repair or enhance the technology. but the only setback of a selfdriving car would be its ability to sence the world. it would have to be programmed to deal with any situation which takes time to prepare for, because any new situation that the car hasnt dealt with would shurely be a problem. selfdriving or assiting cars are the future, but of course the future takes time. many laws set in place would have to change for any business based on driverless to be a feesable idea. the largest hill to overcome would be winning over the average person, they need to be convinced that driverless cars are safe and reliable. driverless cars sound like science fiction, but they in fact are a reality and people will want this new innovation that will make their lives simpler. these cars would be a great inprovement in transportaition that would forever change the world.