i am a nasa scientist and you dont believe the evidence we have. you just want to believe that they were created by aliens. really? i feel like we, at nasa, have all the evidence to prove to you nonbelievers that the face was not created by aliens, but only appears to be a face because of the pictures you have seen. we have beeter pictures and i am going to prove to you, that the face was not created by aliens. i am going to tell you why the face isnt created by aliens, but is just a rock. first, the face is made out to be a face because of the picture taken in  by one of nasas spacecrafts,viking . it was a picture taken by accident while viking  was searching for its sister ship, viking . it was taking pictures of possible landing sites for viking . so, the picture was taken by accident, with not the best camera that was available. it might have been the best one at the time but better cameras were developed over time. second, when the mission controllers at the jet propulsion lab recieved these photos on their moniters they must have been surprised but they soon figured that it was just another martian mesa, because it was common around cydonia, only the mesa had unusual shadows to make it look like an egyptian pharaoh. lastly, few scientists believed that the face was an alien artifact, so getting photographs became a main priority for nasa, about eighteen long years after the viking missions ended. so, when the mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, it gather a picture that was ten times sharper than the original viking photos. so for those nonbelievers of factual evidence, the picture was revealed to actually be a natural landform. which is why the so called face that was created by aliens, was not created by them after all. if you dont believe me still im pretty sure that i have showed you all of the evidence that proves you wrong. you could try to say that the second picture was still not close enough and it was cloudy. well, the mars global surveyor got close enough for a second look, and the third picture taken in  had each pixel that spaned . meters compared to the vikings  meters per pixel. i have presented all the evidence to prove to you that the face was not created by aliens but is just like a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. i am right.