there has been controversary on whether the development of cars should or should not happen . the development of cars shouldnt happen . this will cause drivers to relie on the cars system , forget how much problems they could put theirselves and forget about safety. drivers will start reling on the car system to do everything for them but in reality the cars can not posibly to that . research shows that technologist still havent found a way that cars can work with out a human  their cars have been driven more than half a million miles without a crash , but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out drive ways or dealing with complicated traffic issues , such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. driver would still have to be able to take control at anytime , so you would not be able to just think that your car will be able to just take care of everything . therefore cars should not be upgraded because drivers will relie on the car but what happens if your doing something eles while the car need you to take over and your not prepared ? drivers will have problems if technologist upgrade cars to driveless . people could possibly get theirselves in to tricky contracts such as you signing a contract that says that your fully respondsible for and injurys or accidents but the accident would not be your fault because the car was in control the whole time . that would be a messy problem that you wouldnt know how to get your self out of because you wanted a car to drive its self . you should not delvelop cars to put your self in sticky situations . the development of cars would make people froget about safety .the main reason for laws is safety of the people most driving laws focus on keeping drivers ,passagers , and pedestrians safe, and law makers know that safety is best achieved with alerted drivers . how would we be able to enforce laws if people are not even driving anymore ? safety will slowly be forgotten you may be able to program safety in a car but every once in a while technoglogy has errors . cars will not always be able you to alert you in time. it is better to have a person behind the wheel with alerts for safety than a machine behine the wheel that alert a human in help of need. the development of cars should not happen because this will cause humans to relie on car systems ,forget on what problems it might bring and also forget about safety . such things could be really dangerous . it should not happen because if anything it would be a major set back it would not fundamentally change the world .