limiting the usage of cars will bring a lot of advantages for everyone. cars are creating massive amounts of smog, which is not good for our planet earth. it has also been said by many people that they feel better without cars. people now a days are even loosing interest in cars. although cars do get us to places faster and they are very useful, there are more advantages for us as human beings and for our planet earth. without our planet earth, we wont have anywhere to live in so lets get rid of cars. according to source two, congestion went down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog.... this all happened because paris banned driving and everyone was ordered to leave their cars at home or would have to pay a euro fine, better understood as  in the united states. the air of the city had  micrograms of particulate matter pm per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london source . by banning driving for five days, the air in this city was cleared out tremendously. this is good for us because we need clean air to breath, we cant breath air that is not healthy for us. if we do, were all going to die sooner or later and its all going to be our fault. it is also an advantage that by limiting cars, people feel better. according to source , in bogota, colombia, they have an event in which driving is banned for a whole day. violators, of course, would get fined if they dont follow this event. a resident from here, carlos arturo plaza, said that its a good oppportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution source . this means that cars have been having people stressed out and i know its true. imagine coming out of work at three in the afternoon and you have to sit through traffic for an hour. by the time you get home, all you want to do is sleep, rest and relax. source three also tells us that parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city. its so much better seeing everyone having fun and getting more involved in their community and not having to sit through rush hour after work. because many people have been seeing that not being allowed to drive helps us in so many ways, the environmenta protection agency is promoting car reduced communities source . this will help everyone and they are hoping that public transport will play a larger role in the next upcoming years. since people all over the world have been noticing the differents advantages that banning driving has for us, they are actually loosing interest in cars. according to source four, a study last year found that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and .... instead of making this be seen as a bad thing, its actually a good thing. as i said before, less cars in the streets means less polluted air. and in this case since young people arent that interested in getting their drivers license, there will be less accidents and less people dying. for example, source  gives us an example of how two adults of the age of  and  have not bothered to get their drivers license. they just dont make it their priority because they know that they can always just get on the publlic transit, walk, or carpool with their friends. in conclusion, banning driving will make people feel better, they will enjoy life more. the air will be less polluted because the streets will not have cars polluting it. also, there will be less accidents and people will live longer because of this. we will all receive advantages by banning cars. some peolple might complain at first but they will soon notice, its all for their good.