driverless cars should be a thing of the furture because our technology isnt advanced enough. our cars arent fully driverless yet but they are on their way. if the car still needs a human driver then their is still more work to be done. the driverless cars are a good idea but if we continue production instead we will have semiautonomous cars instead of fully autonomous cars. the positive side of having these cars is that it will cut down on accidents by a good amount. although if the car malfunctions or has a fail or fault then it could lead to an accident. not to mention that what if its not even the cars fault, what if it is another drivers fault. the other thing is that it could cut down on human distractions such as being tired or something else of that nature. it could eliminate law violations such as speeding or reckless driving. the negative side is the thought in the back of your mind going i hope this car doesnt malfunction or instead the car may have a feature to if you want to drive you can turn the self driven option off and just drive normally. the cars do have a lot of safety feature already such as automatic braking, automatic steering and automatic acceleration. will the car know what to do if a deer suddenly jumps out in the road, or if an accident happens in front of them will the car stop in time or will it become part of the incident? manufacturers claim the cars have automatic steering and braking and acceleration. what if the unexpected happens. you cant program a car how to react for the unexpected if you dont even know what the unexpected is yourself. driverless cars are a invention that is nearly complete but manufacturers still have some innovating to do. the cars have their ups and downs, but the question is will they be able to stand the test of time, wear and tear? a lot of factor play in on a driverless car and the manufacturers have to know everything about these cars before they send them out for consumer use. it is kind of hard trusting my life with a car that doesnt have a driver.