like da vinci he could tell what mona lisa emotions were just by studying her face.thats why new software was made to see what peoples acuall emotions are .thats why there so many industries has this. in the artical the authior is talking about how they have a new system called the facial action coding system, and it detects someones face expressions to see if there sad ,happy,etc . it has some kind of d effect to were they can detect the feelings that person has. now like the mona lisa they can put that picture into to that computer system and acually see what see was feeling. most people dont even use computers anymore because its a waste os time and resorce. there for students can probably tell what their friend is feeling just buy the look on the face . some probably dont even know how to do that so there probably going to use that facsfacial action code system to see what that person is acually feeling. most people like da vinci study peoples faces to see what there feeling and to paint them . but in todays generation no ones uses that kind of ssytem they just look at someones face and tell what there feeling .thats why the authior was talking about how studentscan just tell what there friend was feeling. in the artical it talks about how you move your face a certan way to create emotion. like say if your really tired , a muscle around your eye called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus will make something we know called crowsfeet. most time when someone is feeling sad or happy there muscles in there face will move if they want to be happy or sad. not only does facial muscles expresses emotions they produce them . like for an example some producers will make there celebirty make facial excersises . all of this about new computer system and facial emoitons are all the same , just not done in the same way . like if your scrolling on soilcal media and an ad makes you smile thats still emotion. all its basically about is muscular action units in the face. but some people can be fake smiling to were you can tell because when you real smile the corners of your mouth will lift up call zygomatic. but most likely all emotions have to do with the same thing , know how to use emotions.