thechnology advances as the years go by,and as the years go by they become more and more human. but just as a human has emotions and can read it, can the technology be able to read it? in and article called  making mona lisa smille a scientist named dr. huang developes a technology that is able to read human emotions, and that can simplify the way students learn. this technology should be used in the classrooms to read students emotions because it will be easier for them, and it will help the students to learn better. this technology should be put in the classrooms because it will help them to learn better. the article tells us that,when the technology is installed in the computer and the students use it, it will identify by their emotional expressions if they understand what theyre learning or not. after that it will modify the lesson so that the students can comprehend what theyre learning. by doing that it will help more students to understand their work and it will be a little easier for them to get a good grade. it will also help them when they are doing a project and dont understand what the web is talking about. another reason why the technology should be in the classrooms is because it would make it easier for the students to understand whats going on in their class. for example when a student ahs a project and its doing the researching. it finds a website but does not understand what is going on, so the computer will recognize that the student does not understand what is written on the page, and it will find another website that corresponds to what the student is looking for but is a little easier to understand. the paragraph six in the article  making mona lisa smile  tells us something similiar, it says,if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similiar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. what the paragraph says is that the technology notices when you like somthing or not, or when you understand or not. a technology like that can really help students make progress in their education. the technology should be in the classrooms so that it can help students make progress in their classes. the technology would help increase the students scores, and by doing maybe more students would go to college. the technology would help students advance in their classes and it would be easier for the teacher. it would make so many things easier and the easier, the better.