we can all be a superhero. saving the world from smog. all you have to do is get rid of your car. sounds impossible, but there are many advantages of limiting car usage. once you have found another way to go about your day without a car, you might see that your life will improve, along with the earth. in vauban, germany there are many participators,  percent of... families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move theresource . with the statisics of the greenhouse gas emissions in europe and united states caused by passenger cars are so shocking, you can see why it is so important to current efforts to drastically reduce emissions from tailpipes. with  percent... in europe and  percents in some carintensive areas in the united statessource , it should not come to a surprise to people that we need to look further to invest time to promotioning a no car lifestyle. although, the united states percentage is so high, a lot of people are also participating in a carfree life, with the internet allowing people to feel more connected they will not need to drive to meet friends. also cellphones and carpooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangementssource , along with shared van services for getting to worksource  being seen as a way people organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or carpool with friendssource . with this evolution accuring there has been a large drop in the percentage of  to yearolds getting licensesource . america is on the right track with fewer cars being bought, less drivers, and fewer licenses as the years go by it can still improve. some ways that it could improve would be to take some ideas from other countries, such as paris and colombia. where in paris they have enforced partial driving bans on mondays that motorists with evennumbered license plates are are ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro finesource . this establishment helped a great deal leaving congestion...down  percent...after fivedays of intensifying smogsource . although critics argue that delivery companies complained of lost revenue...public transit was free of charge from friday to monaysource . also in bogota, colombia there is a program that promotes alternative transportationg and reduce smog, a day without cars where cars they are ban with only buses and taxis permitted source . the violators of this programed were charged a  fine. these programs would defiantly improve the surburbs, leaving them denser, better for walking and more accessible to public transportationsource . with these changes stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls alongs some distant highwaysource . the world would become more for the living and less for the machine if we create a trend for a no car zone in all of our daily lifes.