venus was just like earth before so why havent scientists gone and explored it yet you ask? theres a lot of reasons like if its dangerous and if we have the technlogy to do so but that doesnt matter to the author of the challenge of exploring venus  , even though there might be potential risks he still thinks we shall go and explore it. the author has some great points actually on why we should go to venus even though it may be dangerous. he has a lot of information from nasa to his own opinions on why we should send people to explore venus. like in paragraph  he explains an idea that nasa haves about sending people to venus on a blimp like vehicle. there is a lot of pros and cons to that idea but he did explain well how it would work but then again he explains how it wouldnt work because theyll be to high up hovering they wouldnt be able to take pictures nor take samples of rocks,gas , or anything which quicly dumped that idea to the trash. the author quickly jumps to more information that nasa has released telling us that they are working on better innovations that would allow machines to last long enough in venus. that could possibly work since nasa has had people go to the moon already if they work hard they would be able to create a machine that is able to go to venus. he also explains how venus is too hot to take phones and cameras and liquify metals but nasa is also working on a way to take mechanical computers, he explains a a lot in paragraph and has very good ideas and point on why we should go which makes me thing we should but we still need even more advancements. i know that soon nasa will have a machine that can go to venus because we have already has people on the moon and had a machine that sadly died this year on mars, venus is next and we will make it to venus one day, maybe not scientist first but at least a machine that will be able to gather samples to earth that we will study so one day humas can go to venus and i believe this because the author explained very well how and why we should go. the author supported his idea very well in the article even made me change my perspective, he had a lot of meaningful info well a lot of info in general that was useful that supported the fact we should go to venus one day when we have the right technology.