on this essay, it will be explain how its worthy to study the planet venus, despite the dangers it presents for the human being and how it could be done. venus is often categorized as earths twin in terms of density and size, and often times closes in distance too. but whythe scientists are willing to take the risk to study venus even though that it is dangerous? as the following passage says  astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in out solar system. long ago,venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet as a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters  giving to the reader how long ago, venus was and is the most earthlike planet in the solar system. the risk to goto venus, are pretty big. a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. even more challenging arethe clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. on these passage it shows some of the risk of venus, and even the planet surface is over  degrees farenheit,and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater that what experience on our planet. also notable,venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun.  here is explaining the temperature of the surface of the planet venus. on the seek to learning more of venus, the nasa is working on another approaches to studying venus.  for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. here the nasa is giving the example of one project that could work to explore venus on three weeks until it deteriorates.  another project is looking back to and old technology called mechanical computers. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played and important role in the s during world war ii... by comparison,systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces  on these passage its explained how the technology made on the past can be more resistant on venus that the technology of today,even though that it is more powerful, flexible, and quick. in conclution, exploring venus can be a big proggres to the earth, giving the challenges that venus can give to the humans, these would help expand and meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. and, who knows? maybe we will be able to live in venus one day, but not until we decide to do the first step.