dear state senator, have you ever noticed when you look at the votes, the popular votes is more accutate and used more than the elector college votes? when you gather up all the populare votes, usally one canidate has more popular votes, but when it came time for the election , the canidate that had the most popular votes didnt win at all. like in , when gore had more popular votes than bush, yet fewer electoral votes, but that was the first time since . pgh  lines  of in defense of the electoral college you have to think when the people vote, their not the ones who are really making a choice in the electoral college. it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. when you vote for a presidental candidate youre actully voting for a slate if electors. pgh  lines  in defense of the electoral college yes some people are aware that the electoral college was established by our founding fathers but they also state the constitution ect. can be changed as the country grows and changes. whith elector college each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. pgh  lines  in what is the electoral college meaning all the people in your state which is usally alot, all those votes are only represented by a couple of electors from your state vs. that with all the people of your state with indiviual votes. sounds pretty rediculas. most states have a winnertakeall system that awards all electors to the winning presidental candidate. pgh  lines  in wat is the electoral college which some times isnt the best idea. ober  percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. this year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidencey. and yet, the electoral college still has its defenders. what gives?... pgh  lines in why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong whats wrong with electoral college system is voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors , who in turn elect the president. again the people sadly do not have a choice indiviually for who they want. alot of times voters get confused in this and just give up voting all together. some people ask, can voters control whom their electors vote for? not always. do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? some times,because they get really confused with how things are. people have been arguing this situation for a long time now yet electoral college is still in place. who knows maybe you and the other senators might decied to try to go with the popular vote some say. thank you for your time. , stuident