in the challenge of exploring venus the author encourages humanity to rise up above the obstacles that have stopped us from exploring venus in the past, and push forward into uncharted territory. he cites several reasons why humans might want to explore a planet with such harsh and unforgiving conditions, and he gives examples of solutions to the problems that these conditions cause. he uses compelling evidence and inspiring diction to support his claim that humanity should work towards exploring venus. he supports this claim very well. one example of the evidence that he uses to support his claim is the fact that venus bears many similarities to earth, making it valuable in scientific reasearch. in paragraph four he writes astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. he follows this up by explaining that gathering information about venus could very well provide us with valuable information about our own planet earth. the author uses this evidence as the main reason that scientists would benefit from exploring the surface of venus. one problem that the author encounters is the extremity of the conditions on venus. however, he offers solutions to this problem later in the article, when he provides information on how nasa would combat the dangerous conditions on the surface and explore venus without any harm coming to the people involved. in paragraph five he writes nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the venusian surface. the author includes this example of a solution for the harsh conditions of venus to compell the reader towards believing that exploring venus would be a valuable use of time and effort for human civilization, due to the fact that it is not only rich with information that could help us explain our own lives on earth, but also because on the surface of venus could collect this information without having to risk the safety of the explorers that are involved. this is a powerful use of evidence, because it provides examples of why we should attempt to explore venus, and it then works towards removing our doubt of this claim by giving us evidence that the risks that would be faced on venus could be reduced significantly. in conclusion the authors claim that humanity would benefit greatly from travelling to and exploring venus is well supported, with both evidence that supports the idea that the information that we would gain would be valuable to us, and evidence that the risks that we would have to take would be small enough to ensure the safety of the people involved. the author inspires us to look beyond what we have at the moment and strive for a better future one where we can become a multiplanetary civilization that has the ability to explore other planets and, perhaps, other stars.