studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because its alway good to know, not only about the moon and earth, but our whole solar system and how each planets works. venus is known as theevening star.venus, however is the second planet from our sun.it could be very challenging for us to discover venus because of the acid in the air and how high the temperature can get,consequently one day well have a chance to discover what really goes on in venus. in the challenge of exploring venus, paragraph  opens up about how venus is probably covered with various oceans and could support various forms of life, like earth today. we can find something important in the planet of venus such as curing any possible diseases, flus,etc. about  percent of carbon dioxide covers venus,temperatures average to about  degrees amd about  times greater than what we originally experience.if we can discover the moon with certain risks, then why cant we test out venus? we can think of venus as another challenge weve faced in our lives. most researchers have been working on innovations that can allow machines to last long enough to get the knowledge wed need about venus. if we started the beginning of research now, why would we stop halfway?nasa has been working on some things such assimplified electronics made of silicon carbide that has been tested in a chamber simulating venuss surface.so far that electronic has lasted three weeks. another device theyve focused on to help get closer to venus would be mechanical computers, envisioned in the s.the computers can make calculations for gears and levers, although we might have to watch out because in venus the air is acidic which can ruin the mechancial computers. there are many challenges we are facing all around the would and venus can be a good start to deciding on whether wed like to discover some more new things. people in this world are meant to discover new dangers and doubts. we should feel the need to expand our knowledge of imagination and innvoation.