humans. one of the many smart species on planet earth. the species that seems to think they can do anything, including going to venus. although venus is highly dangerous with its high temperatures and extreme clouds of carbon dioxide, it is a worthy pursuit that could be a great benefit for the knowledge of anybody living on earth. the information that could be gathered is rather incredible. already this world knows a few features venus holds, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. it is so amazing to think that already we have this idea of a planet. with hard work and dedication it could be valuble, to further investigate our sister planet. even though the conditions the planet are critical, we know the dangers. there is a benefit to the planet, solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. the author knows what to say, because they know that the conditions are harsh. and great reward the sccientists recieve what they would need from this raging planet. the value of this planet is not known only because there is not enough strive to make it happen. the human curiosity is what leads this planet to greatness. scientist that want this mission, have to be willing to do whatever it takes for knowledge. they have to get up close and personal despite the risks. those risks will lead to everything that a scientist could hope for. there is no reason to not believe the author when they say the mission will be worth your while. only because there is something magnificent about that planet so similar to ours. the author so confidently states, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. they so beautifully say what is needed. imagaination and the need to innovate, for future greatness, is so important for the challenges ahead. although this world still has unknown factors, finding out incredible things about venus could change science, and could change the world itself. venus is our sister planet, one of the closest to us. how has our natural kick for curiosity not taken over? humans always want to know everything. making it clear, there is no point in just letting this fantastic adventure wait. danger is always a component in exploring something new, that is why humans are knowledgable and powerful. so scientist should not hold back, they need to bring all their smarts to this adventure, and really make something great. it could result in the most indulging finds.