have you ever thought about how hard it would be to explore the the planet venus? it will be very hard due to the conditions on the planet. it might be worth to study since it is the most earth like planet and the most similar planet to us. there are some technology that could help us reach the planet even though it has harsh conditions. the author of the challenges of exploring venus supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents in a very well and detailed article. first of all, the author includes the challenges we would have to face to explore and study the planet venus. even though venus is similar in size and density, as stated in the second paragraph of the article, any space craft we sent to venus is not able to land. in paragraph  of the article, it states, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. this line states that venus has a very deadly atmosphere. the planet has clouds of corrosive acid and really high temperatures that we could never imagine on earth. it is so hot on venus that metals that exsit on earth would literally melt. the atmospheric pressure is  time greater than what we feel experience on our own planet. this may sound very dangerous and challenging. however, we should study it since we never know what forms of life and what discoveries we could make. second of all, venus is the planet that is most similar to us than any other planet. despite the harsh conditions, we should study it. the article claims that scientist believe it was once the most earth like planet in our solar system as stated in sentence  of paragraph . long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this line suggest that scientists thinks life may have existed on venus before we even knew about it. venus still has mounatins and valleys that is similar to earths geography. we may even be able to visit the planet ourselves someday with the help of technology. the national aeronautics of space administration or nasa has been trying to find ways on how to land their space craft onto this harsh environmental planet. imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the rolling venusian landscape. the scientists believe that we will be someday be able to study the planet personally instead of using space crafts. it may still be harsh but we may be able to study with the help of modern technonlogy. in paragraph , it states, for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. the study and inventions may help us reach the planet someday so there is hope of seeing the planet venus up close. in conclusion, the author gives very briefs points on his idea of pursuing the study venus even though its dangerous. the challenges we would face are listed. the reason why we should continue to study this planet is listed. the author even included solutions to the challenges we would face trying to study the planet, venus. who knows, maybe someday we will even be able to set foot on the planet ourselves with the right equipement and inventions. so to pursue the study of the planet may be worth it. new discoveries can be made on the planet and we might even find things we never imagine. but for now we may take the effort to study the planet like the author stated depsite the dangers it brings.