today is the day where children are coming to tour nasa. as i am walking around, i think of questions the children might ask. who was the first person on the moon?, is the most frequently asked question. then i remember that there is a new part in nasas building. recently, they added photos and information on the face on mars. i think to myself, this should definately intrest the children. soon enough, a little yellow bus pulled into the parking lot. five children came tumbling out, all excited to see what is indoors. asher, stop it!, a little brown haired girl yelled. as soon as they were all out, the stood in a straight line, covering their eyes from the sun while looking at the huge building. i look the childrens faces. i only know one child, because another said his name. welcome to nasa. we are so very glad you guys could come. please, let me introduce myself. i am maddie, and i will be showing you around today. follow me inside, so we can get out of this dreadful heat!, i say. the five children come chasing after me, and their teacher tells them to slow down. one by one, the children enter the building, fascinated by all the pictures hanging from the walls. asher asks, are aliens really real?. as i go to respond, the little brown haired girl says, of course not. thats just in movies. i want to know about the face on mars.. i was stunned she knew about that, because it was just recently added on nasas walls. i lead the children to the elevator, which just so happened to be across the room. lets go and see the face on mars. i think i should tell you about it first. the face on mars is a natural landform which i was then interupted by a new face. it is not a natural landform, my sister told me that it was created by the aliens. i give her a puzzled look and respond, we have not found any form of life on mars, or anywhere for that matter, excluding earth. as i was saying, the face on mars in a natural landform which means that it happened naturally. it was not made by any aliens. the girl looked at me, frusterated, and said, prove it. the elevator door opens and the children come swarming out, running up to the pictures of the face. i say, here, it says that the face is a huge rock formation, so that means that when the universe was created, so was that rock. that rock is just shaped like a head.. all of a sudden, the young girl smiled and said, oh, i cant wait to tell my sister that she was wrong! the children wrote everything i told them down in their notebooks. shortly, we had to part and say goodbye. the kids all came up and hugged me, saying that they were thankful for getting chosen to come. they piled back into the bus this time, instead of piling out. i waved goodbye as they set off. in conclusion, the kids all realized that the face, is just a natural landform, made when mars was created or after. the children know that still to this day, we are looking all over the universe to find something new and exciting to share with them. i am so gald that they could come and experience this with us.