living in a world covered in dark,suffocating smog is not the first thing that comes to mind when we imagine an ideal enviornment. the smog that hangs over our head at this very moment is an example of what humanity has contributed to this worlds health,disease. if we call this our home then we should find a suitable solution to provide a more stable condition of the earths wellbeing. limiting car use is a uiversal solution in which countries across the globe are taking part of. it has been shown on numerous occasions that limiting car usage, or even going to the extreme of banning them, has created a stress free atmoshpere, a healthier world, and has lead to economic growth. the smart planning trend that has grown in popularity in the united states and europe is a stepping stone to how we plan to stop the exagerated use of cars. in vauban, germany with their , residents have made the ultimate sacrafice and have completly given up cars, besides the , parking spot you wish to obtain along with your house. a residence has remarked on how she was ...happier this way than when she had a car,that when she had a car she was always tense, not the exact response most people belive, yet eliminating that rushed enviornment has increased the supporters of anticars. buissnessman carlos arturo plaza from bogota, columbia which has implemented an effective program that has banned the use of cars on certain days looks at this event as a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution, and as it has shown he seems to be right on that.  of the atmospher over europe is made of of greenhouse gases while in a america, where car use is more frequent, in certain congested spots could be as high as . cars make an incredible barrier as to what we can achieve in enviornment conservation. on a monday in paris the city of lights the use of cars was banned by the government for the fog was at to of a horrendous state they needed to clear the air of a global city. even though on average the plague that is infesting the atmospher is approximately  micrograms of particulate matterpm per square meter, while in brussels it is pm and in london ., if this is what it is on average imagine how much worse it mustve been to banish the use of cars to clear the air. even though it seems to be quite a scarafice, as we see in paris , people were fined for driving on that monday and  of them had their cars impounded purely based on their reaction, we see a trend of the decresing intrest of buying and using cars anyway and after a point in time we see a posotive result in the long run. as drexel university sociology professor puts it ...we are witnessing a longterm cultural shift, as in relation to america one of the leaders in car production and passion. preventing the use of cars will substantially help the enviornment, just that one day of a driving ban on paris was able to let the smog clear up enought to allow driving the next day, i guess you can see those lights a little brighter now. part of the smart planning trend we are able to recognize is a need to aid in the effort to save our home. the fact it promotes healthy living and an increase in businesses in suburbs making tsuburbs more in touch with consumers needs as seen in botoga where parks and sports centers have bloomed, and ,new restuarants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up, it has morphed stressed societies into happier ones, and the potential to make for a better world is something undenyably needed in society today, a change to help us all.