venus is second plant from our sun, and is also referred to as earths twin. so why dont we know more about it? scientists are saying that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. three ways we could study venus are by floating above the fray, using machines made of silicon carbide, or mechanical computers. floating above a certain point in venus could help keep a person safe from the storms and, unfriendly ground conditions. looking at venus from a certain point can barley help scientists gather enough information. in the text it says that, hovering far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videopraphy ineffective. so now that we know this, this leads me to the other options. using machines made of silicon carbide is more of a simplified electronic device that can withstand most of venuss unfriendly conditions. in the passage the author states, electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. which means if they can get that device in venus, they could probably get some sort of sample depending on how long they leave it there. mechanical computers were used back in the s during world war ii. they made calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. if scientists used regular electronic devises, which are very delicate, it would be destroyed due to the conditions on venus. so in the texts it says, mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. which could work because of how extreme it is on venus. in conclusion i believe we need to know more about venus and expand our finding by studying different places and planets. so by using these three mechanisms like floating about the fray, using silicon carbide, and mechanical machines we could learn more about venus.