in a universe home to many planets, each with their own unique characteristics, being able to explore a planet that is very similar to earth is a fascinating opportunity. the author of the challenge of exploring venus succeeds in providing the reader with reasons why the exploration of venus is an option that should be considered. as stated in the challenge of exploring venus, venus is often referred to as earths twin planet due to the characterstics the planets share, such as size and density. the author states that many scientists believe that venus was once a hospitable planet like earth. though the surface of venus can temperatures up to  degrees fahrenheit, it also contains many features found on earth, like valleys and mountains. the author also discusses the use of mechanical computers, which is old, yet durable technology. these computers can be used in the heat of venus atmosphere. in the article, the author also brings up mthe development of silicon carbide electronics that can last up to three weeks of venus surface. by bringing up the technological advancements made by nasa, the author makes the trip to venus seem even more possible to the reader. in this article, the author states many of the dangers that come with exploring venus. for example, the atmosphere of venus consists of almost  carbon dioxide. earths twin planet also can reach temperatures of  degrees fahrenheit, and has an atmospheric pressure that is  times greather than earths. despite many of these dangers stated, the author still believes that humans should visit and explore venus. by comparing the similarities between the two plantes, the author says that many scientists believe that venus once contained many oceans, and may have supported life. this statement will interest the reader, and cause them to listen to what the author has to say. by exploring a planet that was once very similar to our own, we can not only learn more about our solar system, but earth as well. in a solar system that contains many different planets, learning about a planet that was once similar to earth is interesting to many. the author of this article does a good job of informing the reader on the possibility of exploring venus, and providing information as to why it should be done.