today we already have so many technical advances, and technology is in everyday lives. this technical advance is one of the best ones in our day and age. schools and so many buisness incooperate technology in our lessons and tests and just everday task, that technology is taking over. i think that the facs would be a great idea to have within schools because it would be a great benefit to those students that may have harder times learning. i believe this new technology could make a difference for the greater good. if the facs machine was incooperated into todays schools, it would be one of the greatest accomplishments. students who struggle, like ied students, could maybe enjoy their everyday lessons. in the writing it says that the facs machine would be able to recognize that a student is becoming confused or bored. when this occurs, the facs machine would be able to change the lesson and make it a better fit for the person to understand. this technology wouldnt only help the needed students, it could help the students that maybe have a little patience problem staying focused at the task at hand. it also may help the kids feel more enjoyed to come to school because they can learn at their on rate and pace. if the facs were to help student like this, schools may have higher percentages with test and other important task they fulfill. i think this machine would help the teachers connect more with their students as well. if certain teachers let their students work with technology like this, this would help the teachers learn how every student is different and how they learn. it would also help the teacher learn how to teach better and more suitable to make sure their students succeed and understand things in real life. the facs could also help create confidence and selfesteem in certain people who think lower of themselves and who feel alone. if the facs can understand your emotions, it could maybe help you feel better about yourself by maybe helping you link up to somebody else who has similar emotions so you could have somebody to maybe talk to. one reason i would think not to have the facs machine in schools, is that it may be distracting to some students. also, it may feel intrusive to some students because they may not want their emotions told. and for the easily distracted kids, it could hurt their grades and cause their focus to be on something else like how that the facs machine can do the ads by determining emotions on them, they might get distrated by this. in all seriousness though, i do think that the facs machine would be a great enhancement within the schools. i think this because even with the few cons and repurcussions it may have, i think that the pros outweigh the negativities. i think the facs machine will be more beneficial then destructive.