having facial action coding systems for classrooms may seem fun to have, but it really isnt valuable. one reason behind this is that students dont go to school to have fun they go to learn, so they dont need their boredom to be recgonized. another reason is it will cost a lot of money when it can be used to buy other utencils. there are some benefits from having face scanners but it doesnt outweigh the downsides. for example, students will get bored in class frequently. that does not mean that the lesson has to change just to make it fun. it depends on how the teacher sets up her classroom. every teacher is different. some are boring, and others are entertaining. school isnt meant to be fun, but more to be educational. another example on why facial action coding systems arent valuable is because they are bound to cost a lot of money. the money that will be used on installing that type of technology can be used to buy other supplies that are needed. some of those supplies include paper, books, sports equipment, etc. that money can also be used to better the school if there are any problems going on. students will be better off having more utencils to use that having their emotions read. on the other hand, it isnt hard to see why a school would want that type of technology. they would all like to be more advanced. as stated in the passage, ... it could modify the lesson.. modifying the lesson can help make it more entertaining. if it is more entertaining, students will be more interested and will focus more on the subject. in conclusion, there are more reasons on why facial action coding systems are not valuable than on how they are. for one, students need to look forward to coming to school to learn more than to have fun. also, the cost for that type of technology could be used for other resources. instead of wasting money on a luxury, it could be spent on needs that will help the students with learning. people might think its fun and exciting to have a computer tell how youre feeling about a subject in school but that wont help much. in conclusion, reasons on why facial action coding systems arent necessary outweigh the reasons on why they would be.