cars have come a long way since fords model t. radios, seatbelts, airbags, and advanced brakes systems have been added. now today, in the span of a few short years, cats can respond to voice commands, sense a drivers blood alcohol content, and even shut themselves down if the driver is being unsafe. the concept of a completely driverless car is enticing, offering advancements wellwithin the reach of todays scientists and technology, and providing a new level of productivity to passengers. the world may not be ready for driverless cars, but the advancement of this technology should be continued. google and tesla have already received promising results from their tests. according to evidence, the experiments they conduct do not put anyone at risk, so it is odd that some states ban even the experimentation of these driverless vehicles. the article lacks any evidence of expense to the common man, but assuming it offers him little trouble, the advancement of these vehicles can only be beneficial. with advancement of technology like the microchip, more and more complex devices are available to the public. just look at apple products. they release an ever increasing number of new products every year, each with better technology than the last. the d modeling sensor is the most important, promising piece of technology in the car industry. other devices such as phones and tablets have made significant advances in the past decade, with the inclusion of voice activated functions and d touch. the fact that the scientists know what the problems are is key in their development of a  driverless car. they know that their experimental cars can move from point a to point b with little issue unless their is something out of the ordinary along the way. construction, reckless drivers, and wildlife can be unforeseen obstacles. cars arent the only technology that is attempting to see the future. current handheld devices can listen, understand, and apply knowledge from the internet to respond in no time at all. scientists must figure out how to apply reactive technology like apples siri or ibms watson to their vehicles. in this way the cars would be able to adapt to any situation, allowing the passengers to enjoy a worryfree ride to their destinations. imagine how much work could be accomplished in transit. either that or long commutes could be used as a time to take a power nap. in any case, a completely driverless car would provide its passengers increased time to accomplish tasks that they could not previously because they needed to be attentive to the road. students could study for the days final, relax, or socialize without a worry that their lives are in danger. if every united states citizen had a driverless car, the odds of an accident would decrease dramatically. current gps devices function in a way that the dont disturb others of their kind. if the cars were linked in some way, the odds of an accident would drop to near zero. the advancement of driverless cars is an open door for both scientists and the public. it offers benefits to the every growing, technology driven population of the united states. cars will never not be a part of every day american life, so it only makes sense that they would continue to advance some of the most precious technology to them.