everyone seems to be so excited by the thought of the driverless car being in our grasp. sure, it is an amazing development in technology, but i do not support it. the article demonstrates most of the reasons i am againt driverless cars. the first thing that comes to my mind after reading the article, was even questioned in the eighth paragraph of the article. why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? that is a good question, and it helps raise other questions. as in, if the car needs a driver, is it really driverless? as well was as what is the point of having a car that drives itself if the driver still has to be present and alert to use it? under those circumstances, it seems that the driver may as well just drive the car to their destination manually, because a driverless car is not truly driverless if a person has to take the wheel at any time to drive. another point that seems important, is the technology. how reliable is it? from the sound of the article, the technology being used in driverless cars is still in testing and experimenting phases. we have not had the technology very long, how do we know it will not fail once we actually implement it in our lives or release it to the public? another point for this and my first argument, in order for a car to be truly driverless, wouldnt we need the car to have an artificial intelligence advanced enough to calculate possible outcomes of a situation and make decisions on its own? it just does not seem like the technology is quite ready. the big factor that seems to matter to just about everyone, is the cost. the article does not seem to include cost as a factor. i dont think something that costs a ton of money to use or create would be particularly useful, especially in an early state such as mentioned in the last paragraph. the thing is, it has to be marketable and accessible to the public to really be considered a success. something that is does not fit a wide target market will not make a profit, its as simple as that. in conclusion, it does not seem that driverless cars are quite ready to become mainstream. there is not really a need for a driverless car that requires a driver to be there anyway. the technology is not quite advanced enough. the target market might not be there, it might not make a profit. maybe driverless cars are just a fad that will come and go, but time will tell.