in the article  driverless cars are coming the author represents both sides of this argument.the two sides of the argument are that we should have the driverless cars and we shouldnt have them. to start off, we should have these driverless cars because it wouldnt cause so much pollutin we would have less taxis and they are easier then buses. so by using these cars we can make the percentage of polutin down we could change global warming and stop the ice from melting and the polar bears from diying. we could stop rivers and lakes from drying up and we could possibly stop the ocean level from rising and flooding. with these driver less cars we could change the world and yeah thats pretty chessy but its true we could save thousands of lives from these cars because that put out any pollution so there for climate change and global warming would help fix alot of things thatb humans cant really fix by hand it has to be nature. at the rate that the world is putting of pollution we are killing alot of animals and people. we could stop deforestation these cars would really save the world if we used them and it would be for the better. on the other hand these cars are somewhat pretty bad because all the eletricity that just one car needs would cause us to burn more coal which would cause more pollution the it did befor we got them. yeah they might be better for drivning and slowing down the percentage for pollution but it wouldnt stop it. it would slow down dramatically but not enough to change alot of things we need are car that runs on something that wouldnt use energy or gases because both cause pollution. we could have had these type of cars sooner but we didnt have the eletronics that we have now we didnt have the computers or the sensors we didint have any of that. yeah if they would started we probably couldve figured out a diferent way to change how they are built and how the put out gases. finally, after putting both of these together it still is pretty hard to choose because both are ok but we just need something better. we could start off with this and try it out and see what happens but then differnt manufactors would try be better then one another and it would cause things to get out of hand and then they would have the government involved and it would cause a huge fight and people would be a mess. honestly its not worth all the trouble and the mis understandning and confusion. basically we dont need it we might as well keep going and looking for better ways then to do this and cause a huge mess.