venus has the hottest surface temperture out of all the plantets even though, mercury is close to the sun . did you know that ? well if not maybe you should read the challege of eploring venus. the article pours out information about this evening starhowever, you obtain more then just knowngle from this article. to contuie, the article expresses emotions and the authors feelings about the dangerous pursit to explore this marvlous planet. so, did you know planet could have babies? well i dont know if that entriley true, but venus is the earths twin. which i dont think should be taken littralle, because theyre own twins thanks to looks. which is pretty segrgated, but oh well. so back on topic venus is classified as earths twin, because venus is the closest plant in density, size, and distance. also did you know astromers have theory that venus couldve been earthlike. theyre fascinated that venus couldve been covered with ocean and couldve even supported life. the astrometer only belive this, beacues the features that are analogous to those on earth. venus has valleys, mountains, craters, and even a rocky surface. this really helped support why venus is worth the risk, because look at all this inforamation we know. yet, how are we suppose to belive its true. you see humans are very heavy headed, which means we are not very open minded to knew idea. to contuie, people are going to fight weather its true or not. humans need to see it in order to believe it. consquently, you may not think that humans need to see it to believe it. so, to get into our next topic some of the things im telling you about venus may not even be true. we need to head into this challnge head first and hope for the best. we need to stop being scared of the what ifs and be more scared of that nots. many reseachers are working on innovtion that can help us obtain the knowlege of venus, which is such a succes. for example, nasa is working on an invention to help reseacher fload above the heated surface. on the other hand, forms of light cant penetrate dense atmosphere, which would be tough since venus atmosphere  carbon dioxide. to contuie reseacher cant get rock,gas,or any kind of phyical samples, but that why we need to keep pushing. if we wanna find out venuss secerets we need to get up close and personal despite the risks. to wrap things up, venus is a strange planet that we dont quite understand, but it we just stay strong we can find a way to discover the truth. also who know what the knowlede from venus could help us do. venus has value weather you see it or not. the author shows his feeling swithout being so in your face about it. the pursit to venus means alot to his as shown in the text. the author even talks about how the values of venus are needed. they even bring why its has value, innovation that make it possible, and pours tons of instersting facts about venus to presrated you into seeing his point of view.