in the passage, the author talks about the use of car usage. in my opinion, i think that we use cars to get place like, school, work, the store, to sporting events, to doctors appointments. we use cars every day. teenagers can drive because they need to know how to get places without relying on some one else to do it for them. beinging able to drive helps people alot. it may not seem like it, but, everyday some one gets injurded in an automobile accident. we the people have the right to drive when we can. the enivironment protection agency epa is promoting car reduced places, and the legislators are starting to become a part of that. many companies like that do it alot. just do what ever they want we they want. i think if you want to drive you can drive. there are some bad things that happen to people when they drive. sometimes it is not even their fault. of course they go to court and try to get things settled. usually the person how caused te accident wins the case because their lawyer makes stuff up to make the person that didnt cause the accident to make them look like the did. thats called tappering with evidence. which is against the law. with the new cars comeing out, like the cars that dont need gasoline, that dont need a key, the companies are trying to prove a point. gaoline can cause serious damage to the world. it sends toxic waste in the air everytime you hit the gas petal. thats why companies like ford, chevy, jeep, mersaidnces bin, vmw, and many other ompanies. it is ok to drive around but it can be harmful and dangerous. one of my favorite bands black veil brides, they use an electric tour bus because they dont want to harm the people and it saves alot of money. they love the people in the world and they want them to be safe. you can pay up to . for a gallon of gasilone and . for diesel. not everything in this country is go for your health. gasoline can kill people just by smelling it. it is highly flameable. if you are one a bus and you start smelling something weird like diesel or gasoline, it would be smart to go to the driver and tell them because if you dont alot of people can get hurt just by you not speaking up and telling himher. even through you didnt put the gas in the bus, you can still get sued because you didnt tell them. people die everyday because of stupid stuff like this. even on a plane. you smell diesel, you go to one of the flight addentents and tell them. they are required to tell the piliot what is happening and they must can their airport. just telling someone that you smeel it, you can save alot of people. just because cars can be dangerous, it doesnt mean that you cant speak up for what you believe in about it. family loose loved ones because of drunk drives, texting, not paying attention to the road, and, not wearing their seatbelt. people make stupid and careless misstakes everyday. people dont understand that. people dont care. its your choice. you make the desenion. be a smart person and you make your own choice. if your car usage is dangerous like driving a amt on a highway, youre going to jail. driving a car with a subinbuted drivers liesense, you are going to lose your car. its up to you. thats all i have to say.