so, you want to tell me that the rock and craters on mars are aliens? myself belive it is not myself and fellow scientist find this to be true. back in  i got my first glipse at the figure on the surface it made me think it was alien until the mars rover proved it could not possibly be made by aliens. when we first released the piture it set the world on fire as much talk about the face on mars it made us look like we made the discovery of a life times work we all shared the cridit for finding the face. nasa became the biggest hit around some took advantage to that some did not others did. allthough we proved it to be a natullary formed crater by using the mars rover. even after this a group of them left because they belived aliens were real and belived aliens created this monumentail artfact which would change space to how we know it to be today. mars did look like it had small shacks which they thought was house arfound the massive rock. mars has a very rocky layer on its top it gives mars the ability to have craters which from a distance look like shacks. the one thing the told me is what i cant explain it to this day i have no respouce to it they said do you see the crocked grim on its face every time we look at this figure it has a differt face which is hard to explain. ill tell you what i told him though is that you can never underesitmate the force of gravity. gravity pull masses on to that face of mars shaping differantly every time. as conclusion the belivers in aliens started a foundation. the foundation was called alien were here. they could not prove that they were right so they foundation had to swith to make more sense to have an resonable idea the new foundation also died off. the new foundation has the brithish were here which everone new so they had no purpose they ended up giving up on any chance of company. well as you can see im doing well and listing to aliens are not here dot net people the chance was silm, but it is a cool artifact. still to this day in time when people first see that piture they think aliens are amoungest which they could be right, but they are wrong has a better chance of happing around here in the usa.