cars most are used by workers, mothers, and pretty much all people in any urban area, they get us from point a to point b. but, as much as we use automobiles do we really need them? they produce smog, indanger our chiildren and folk, and make life more stressing for us all. this can be fixed though, many places around the world have stoped using cars and even went to the length of banning them! most importantly though they have opened our eyes to the atmoshpereic destruction that is caused by cars and ways we can do without them. in paris, a few days after nearrecord pollution, france banned driving for a couple days to clear the air or drivers will be fined up to  euros, or  dollars in america. congestion was down  in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying in smog that rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world, says robert duffer, a journalist for paris robert duffer, par. . this amazing number just shows how even reducing the use of cars cut back the smog by over half! imagine what our air could be like if we didnt use cars, it would help the ill and our children could breathe easily. and surprizingly enough, there are places already that do this act of banning cars and enforce it. in vauban, germany there is a community of people who live in this fashion. street parking, garages, and even driveways at homes are banned from this quaint suburban area. and, if you do own a car you have to pay almost , to park it, needless to say over  of families of the area dont own a car and  sold theirs to move to the area. a mother of two and resident of the area, heidrun wlater, says, when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, elisabeth rosenthal par. . and true to their word these kinds of urban areas have become popular in europe and even in new york. car free areas have not been limited to just europe though in america, with its large areas of urban annd suburban ideals, is now changing the way the way we think about cars. in april , the miles driven per person was  lower than it was in january  . although small, this cultural change in the way we are using cars is significant. michael sivak, a research professor at the university of michigans transportation research institute says, what most intrigues me is that the rates of car ownershipper household and pe person started to come down  or  years before the downturn, i think that means something more fundamental is going on, elisabeth rosenthal par. . the fact that america is changing the way we use cars is just another indicator that we should stop all together and join this carfree revolution. to wrap it up, cars are hurting the air and they need to be cut back before we burn a hole through our atmoshpere. were not alone in this carfree quest, many areas europe and nothern america have started to implement this way of thinking. and lastly, this ideal is most needed in americas packed cities, the hazzard of smog and other pollution is hurt our citizens and needs to be stoped before it has longterm effect on our children. please consider this, car in the long run are bad for the economy but, as well our health. its snowing on mt. fuji.