driving can be a danerous thing in the wrong hands. technology in general can be dangerous in the wrong hands. in the artical driverless cars are coming it gives two aspects of driverless cars vehicals. they give the negative, and the positive aspect on this subject. technology is advancing. nd as the years go by they just get better. the more practice the more the technology can get better. they state both positive and negative aspects of the driverless cars. and they both give good responses and give great evidence to support their views, but with technology evolving, my postion would be to alow the driverless cars. in the artical driverless cars are coming, they talk about all of the positives of having and allowing driverless cars. and they state that technology we used today is not new and we have been using them for yeras. sensors are nothing new, of course, they are saying that they have been advancing the sensor for years, so what make people think that they can not evolve the driverless cars? within  yeras, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers, so this statement from the artical proves that these technologies are helping us, they are helping the peopel from dangerous stituation like car accidents, and even death. the technolgy being created today are being transformed into a saver way of life. so many people die from reckless driving, but with the driverless cars that they are trying to advance, can help us get into less accidents, and help us safer people. founder of the google car project, believes that the technology had finally begun to catch up to the dream, which means that our driverless cars are coming, ironic to say this is the title of the artical which is driverless cars are coming. throughout the years people have been improving little things like vibrated seats, cameras, and lights, to get to the even bigger picture, which is the driverless cars. if they can improve on little things, and make them great, i think that they can start to allow driverless cars to be tested and driven around. yes there is still not a technically driverless car that drives itself, the driverles car had human assitance, but that can always be improved. nothing is impossible, when their making semidriverless cars and having sensors, etc. so many people have accidents and sometimes die from driving, and not having their eyes on the road. the most common now adays are the texting and drving. if we proceed with the driverless cars, you would not have to worry about texting and driving, looking away from the road, and having accidents. if this driverless cars come along, and people crash and it was not the cars fault or the manufactures fault, but the owner of the car, and does not want to admit it, like if they did not give the car fuel or something, but it was not the cars fault. people would audamaticly put the driverless car to shame. they would blame it on the car, and many people would have many agruements. people aways same themselves over something else. but in my opionion, if people just stay responsible that will never happen. tesla has prjected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that drive themsleves by . this means that they plan to be done with all their test and have driverless cars on the road in . we grow closer to the destination everyday. this mean that with all the advancements with technology the driverless cars are truely coming. and they truely should. i think once they come people will accept them.