the facial action coding system can tell how someone is feeling by looking at there face or a painting of them. it showed how mona lisa was feeling just by looking ar her picture. now that is pretty cool if you ask me. i think this technolgy in the classes room would work out so weel for students. having a coputer that can tell when you are upset or happy or even bored is pretty cool. they talk about how it would sense when someone is bored and the computer would be able to chage whatever its going to someone or interesting for the student. that would help keep students focused on what there doing in a fun and cool way. it would be an amazing idea to have a computer like that. i think this because fit he coputer can know hwen you bred and be able to fix that it would be great. more and more studensts would want to pay attenion. the computer would make it into something cool and insteresting for the student. that if could stop students from losing focus. i mean come on we have all been there when you really dont want to pay attention to somthing that doesnt spark your insterst. students would guess there way out of the work because it would be do boring for them. they wouldnt try which ends up bad for everyone but mostly students. there are some tihns that could become a probelm though. like the computers cant hold up all that imfornation on to one small computer. also schools would have to pay about of money just to give them out to the students. and it would cause about more money to make it the conputers. some parents may even think there child is being watched and that it might not be safe. there are so man thing that will have to thouhgt of and talked about . that maybe it is best just to keep things the way they are. one last reason why i think it would be a good idea to have these in school is because teachers will beable to understand there students a little more. getting to know how they are feeling about things. when a teahcer finds out there student isnt doing there best they can do a better job and make suree they are doing everthing they can to help. althought this is a very great technology there are many bumps thy will need to look at. and right now may not be the best time but way down in the futue i hope someone can make it happen. i think it will work really well with students and help them much better. if they do make them out for everyone. i will be first in line to get one!