more and more advanced technology is coming about these days. though most of it is positive, there are always downsides to all new inventions. driverless cars are one example of new technology. google founder, sergey brin believes that these new cars could change the world but maybe not for the better as he might think. this invention is dangerous and can cause more harm than good. people need to be the ones who are in full control of the car at all times. having a car that does most of the driving for someone could be extremely dangerous. the car does call for some human control. this brings the chance of potential danger. you would get used to not having to drive. all of a sudden, you must react fast and you might have to take control of your car. for you to have to take control it is probably already a scary or dangerous situation and having to react fast to controlling wouldnt help. everyone has expierenced a time when their technology did not work. this could pose a threat to peoples lives when it comes to these cars. one of the driverless cars could stop working one day while in the middle of driving, like cars tend to do. an accidnet could easliy be produced from such a thing happening. the driver unaware of what just happened to the car and once again having to take control quickly would be very harmful. in the article driverless cars are coming, a passage says that the driverless cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. all types of technology and products expierence malfunctions. the cars would most likely be no exception to this. this means that a car might not brake when its suppose to or it might accelerate at the wrong time.this could put the passengers in the car in a life threatening situation. the article says there are ways to get the drivers attention when he or she needs to take over. inventions like seats that vibrate and an annoucement made. as before, if the car was to have some sort of malfunction or had a defect it might not do these operations when or how its suppose to. once again the people in the car are in danger that could have been prevented. driverless cars can cause a lot more danger than a normal car. they are not a safer or more efficient way of driving. driverless cars should be banned from being tested or produced. do you want to take the risk of putting your life in the hands of a car driving itself?