pollution the cars in the world have created a serious problem of polution or also known as smog. in places like u.s and europe states are trying to get citezens to stop using car on a every day basis and maybe use a bus or any other means of transportion to stop spreading smog. vauban,germany is one place where citezens have to live withought a car. it is one place where cars are not allowed but if you really want one you have to buy a large garage worth , and buy a house. which is the reason many of the residents dont have a car there and if they were to travel they travel by bike or any other ecofriendly transportion. which would help enhance the look of the city and have you save gas money for a day or so. in paris,france they had banned cars for a few days till all the smug in the city is gone. people had to use plugin cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers were aloud. publick transportation was free of charge from friday to monday. alot of smog had cleared up by monday for the french party to rescind the ban od cars on tuesday. bogota,colombis had their third straight year ban of cars. with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in the capital of  milion. their goal was to have the citezens use more public transportion and reduce smog in bogota. and because of that cause two more cities in colomia named cali and valledupar joined the day without cars event. in u.s lately since  the car sales have been going down and down and the ownership rate of the typical has gone down at a fast pace. expets in university of michigans transportion research institute belice that there is somethign more fundamental going on in u.s. many sociologists belive it will have a beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviorment, since transportion is the second largest source of americas emissions. even in newyork there has been more bicycle sharing and subway transportion to help get rid of the smog in the city created by millions of cars in the city. people have been learning to help the earth by stopping the transportion of cars which has been becoming less and less of a issue so if more states and cites were to join together in lowering the usage of cars and maybe more scofriendly transportion then maybe we could enhance our image of the earth from global warming. by using the public transportion given or just getting a hybrid car.