can you imagine you not having to drive your own car? well in the future driverless cars are coming to you. many car brands are in on driverless cars. however, i am against driverless cars because of their many side affects. you may still want a driverless car because of the advantages but i do not want a driverless care due to its many disadvantages. driverless cars are coming in the future. most people are excited about driverless cares because they blocked out the disadvantages. other people feel how i feel, that driverless cars are dangerous and cause many problems to whomever may get in behind a driverless car. driverless cars have advantages to a certain exctint but i feel they are unsafe to all humans no matter how they work. driverless cars are expensive to make and would cause you to have to upgrade roads just so they can work which would cost millions and billions of unneeded dollars. driverless cars are not so driverless, they still want you to take over the will as much as they neeed you to. whenever their is an accident or something that the driverless car cant handle the human in the car has to take over and drive. this is very unsafe because humans may become unalert and unaware due to the fact that they are no longer in control of moving the vehicle they are in. driverless cars are unsafe because if a human were to fall alseep they are unaware to their surroundings. humans are unaware of the fact they have to still drive in oder to be safe and not cause damage to anything around them. a human has to pull in and out of the drive way in the driverless car. if the driverless car is so great, how come humans still have to drive? that is one reason why we should stick to humans driving their own cars. a driverless car the car will drive at a constant speed of  miles. in some cases that may be to slow. if their was an emergency the car would drive way to slow and could possibly put a humans life in danger due to the slow speed. in a driverless car, the point is to not have a human driving the car at all. in the driverless cars they still want humans to drive, humans tend to get bored and lack intrest waiting for a situation to happen. safety is such a big concern in driverless cares. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car as a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia have led the country in allowing liminted use of semiautonomous cars manufacturers believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? on behalf on all humans i feel we need to stick to human driven cars. in driverless cars we would have to always worry about our safety. we would have to worry about the  what ifs and all the possibilaties that could happen being in the driverless car. many humans could be injuried or seriously hurt due to being in a driverless car. if anything were to happen in the driverless car who will the blame be put on, the person who made it or the person in it? in conclusion, drivers should go the safer route and drive themselves around instead of relying on a monitored car. you still have to worry about the possibilaty of something happening to you or anyone else in the car especially if you have any children. drivers are much safer driving themselves around not having to worry about something happening to them or them putting their life in danger by entering the driverless car. driverless cars may be cool but very unsafe until proven than can be safe and well organized all humans should stick to taking their self everywhere like we have over the last hundreds of decades.