in the united states, the environmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities, and legislators are starting to act, if cautiously. car redution helps the environment more than what people think it would. president obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortuitos assist from an incipient shift in america behaviorrecent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. not having a car is better for you and the environment because not only would you be excercising by walking but there will be less pollution in the economy. cars waste to much gas and have a lot of unnecessary waste in them that could end up to be one day global warming and kill of all the good air we breath in now. people should look in to not having a car and start walking, biking, skating and do more than what they use to do when they had a car. paris, germany, united states, new york, colombia and many other places are starting be more car free because they heard what cars can do to the environment. according the text  in colombia has a program that they started that spreads to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day the other day, leaving the streets of the capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. the more and more people hear about this program the more people will get into the habbit of not havng a car or not using a car to go everywhere they have to go to. if the patterns persists and many sociologists believe it will it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source pf americas emissions, just behinfd power plants. most people who are involved in the program see a huge difference in their community like the streets are cleaner, there are no traffic jams, the streets are safer, and theres less pollution in the air. as we all know that cars are sometimes important to us to get to where we need to get but is it really that important to us to have a car not really because if we would stop being lazy and just get up from our couches and walk, bike, or skate to where we needed to go well see that having a car is not as important as we used to think. in colombia two other citizens joined the event and found that these people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing broders. so really one program can change the whole world if people just joined and saw for them selves what a huge impact it can be on others. more parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city and there are more smooth sidewalks and restrictions have dramatically cut traffic. different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a longterm cultural shift. new york also started there own program which is this bikingsharing program and its skyrocketed bridge and the tunnel tools reflect those new priorities, and of course a proiferation of carsharing program across the nation. in some cities you have to take a car like in san francisco because everything is so far away and you can not walk to where you need to go it will take forever to get there walking which is understandable. but in other cities or places were everything is close to you then theres no point of taking a car instead of walking to the place you need to go to. cars waste a lot of gas which means that gas prices go up way to much because of the usahe of cars instead of biking, skating, or walking. you get more done when your walking, biking, or skating because you are less worried about running out of gas or having to push the car to the nearest gas station.