freedom without a car around the world in different countries millions of people live life without a car. they either walk, run, jog, ride their bikes, or go on the subway just to get to work or go somewhere. here are some facrs to know why life without a car is the beat way to life. first, having a car is wonderful by choice if you want it. a lot of families are so much better without a car. one women from vauban says in source  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. so not having stress is one of the ways that you wil get rid of and not having your blood pressure up. lets say if you wanted to buy a house in germany, you have to pay for that house monthly and on top of that have to pay an extra , just to park you car. thats a same that you just bought a house and have to pay for a parking place and dont froget about cellphone bills, morgages, water and electric bills, and much more. without a car will bring less money out of yor bank account. also, to having car payments you have to pay for gas too or your going to be walking to work while your jag sits at home in the garage. diesel fule has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline in france. if you have a car that doesnt run on diesel the sorry hun you have to go somr place eles to get you gas. car traffic... who doesnt like coming home from a long day of work and then have to wait in car traffic for longs of period of time. you are actualy waisting up all of your money and gas just sitting there waiting for traffic to move. last, maybe in the future there will be not that many cars being made. studies shows that americans are buying less cars. in source  it says that americans cant afford new cars and with so many people not able to work and people getting into car accidents who knows they might invent moder bikes. with the government asking for so much on us and with the prices of gas getting up to . a gallon people want to save their hard working money. and without emassive amounts of money coming out of your bank you can maybe plain for a family vacation that doesnt cost as much as a car payment for  years. in conclusion, to my perspective i dont want to pay for a car thats going to be more than what my house costs. without a car i can go on long walks and be adventureous. see something that i havent see since i was in a rush in the car. you never know what or who you will see when you are living free without a car.