even through driveless cars are coming people maybe quick to think like what if the car get into a accident? or what if something bad happens?i do feel that people today may take advantage of the fact they dont have to put they foot on the gas.any crazy person would find they self putting they full trust into technology like that,like falling asleep while the car is still moving. now i would tell you why a google car is a good car and many ways. first i will start off by saying a car that can drive on its own is a great car that anybody can come up with. then when you think about it it takes alot for a person to modified toyota prius uses position estimating sensors on the left rear wheel a rotating sensor on the roof,a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror four automotive rador senors and more. a google car also have cameras to while you watching the road the car is watching youso it say in paragragh  last sentence. it aslo have a seat vibration when the car feel it need its extra help when there is traffic problems or road damage.the car aslo have a brake that brakes on its own when the car feel that its to close to a another car or any object. as it say in paragragh  last sentence it say the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel.when they ask why would anyone want a drivless car that still needs a driver? i feel if that was the case to where you really was that lazy you should really think about riding in a cab. i really dont see what the problem is when there are people that are driving cars getting into accidents and you think that a automatic car wouldnt do good while the driver is sitting in the seat doing anyting but watching the road. finally,i say that people want so much from a car. they get to speaking crazy stuff like we all do know that we are talking about technology and not a real human brain car.the only thing i could say is that i feel a car like that wouldnt last because all it take is for a senors or something to go out and that car can go out of control. thats why i say its a good car something to try out but never put your trust into technology never put your life on the line like that because you will never know what could happen.