for many years scientist and mechanics have been trying to create a car that drives on its own. over the years, they have come close to creating that car, and soon theyll have is made. i personally feel like its a bad idea to create this car, even though there are some good points to it. i get car sick, and im sure many people in this world get car sick too. i have found that when i drive, i dont get car sick, one reason it that im keeping my mind busy and focus on driving. with self driven cars i would not be driving, so ill get car sick, i would rather walk to my destination, than get sick and dizzy because of driverless car. however, youre probably thinking i dont car sick. so letting me move on. everyday someones computer crashes, phones freeze, or their eletronic devices battery runs out. what does this have to do with the car? well, im glad you asked. if this is a driverless car it is a known fact that itll be electronic. so imagen youre driving in the high way when youre car manlfunctions and shuts down. if you cant get youre car under controll quick enough youll crash right in to the person in front or beside you. technology is known to fall apart and malfuntion all the time, so most likely this driverless car will cause more accidents. this idea of a driverless car is not all bad. there are some good things about it too. for example, texting and driving will be less dangerous, drunk people will be able to drive home without worrying about crashing, or if there is a traffic jam, you dont have to worry, because the car will provide entertainment for you. its the future now. of course everyone wants to take things to the next level. i just dont think were ready yet. in conclusion. driverless cars are a bad idea because theyll cause more car crashes, make people lazier, cause many people to get car sick, including myself, and itll do more bad than good. the car can help with many things as well . the future is bright, the next level of future things is driverless cars. but, for right now the future is doing just fine with drivers driving a car.