the advantages of limiting car usage is a good thing because some people might feel stress out when they are behind the wheel but thanks to the limitied usage of cars people can just walk and keep a calm mind and stress free. also there would be more space becaues the car garge can used for somthing else like making stores. then there will be less greenhouse gas. then we will more money. finaly that is some advantages of limiting car usage. one advantages of limiting car usage is the lack of tense or stress you will feel when you are walking instead of driving. when you are driving you feel so stressed out because you are nervues that you might hit some or might crash on the side of the road. then you will have more of your time instead of rushing to get some were you will feel calm chilled and relaxed becaues you are walking the stress away. next you will be able to spend more time with your friends and talk to them more instead of texting them and get in a reck. finaly that is my advantage of limiting car usage. second reason why is do to the lack of parking lots garages there will be more space for something more need a hospiltle or a store for food. then we will have space for more homes so it will cut down the amout of homless people on the street. also the lack of parking will help decress the amout of death in some because there will be less people starving on the streets. then there will be spaces for resetraunts,fast food,and other places were people can work at so there will be more jobs avaiable. finaly that is another advantage in the lack of car usage. third reason is there will be less greenhouse gases in the air. then do to the lack of greenhouse gases there will be less polution in the air causing people not to get sick. then do to the lack of polution the will survie longer and our omdoem layer will start to repair it self. then we will be able to breath better and live longer. finaly that is another advantage of limiting car usage. inconlusion that are just a few possabiltys do to the lack of car usages. one you will be less tense. two more space for important places. three the lack of greenhouse gas. that are noly just some advantages maybe there will might be more i the futer.