limiting car usage can be helpful to people and the earth in a variety of ways. although cars are helpful to a numerous amount of people and can help one get from point a to point b, there are reasons why it can be harmful and why reducing the use of cars can make a huge impact on the world. first it can lower air pollution, it causes less traffic congestion, and lastly it reduces greenhouse emissions. these are some important advantages on limiting car usage. one way that reducing car usage can be beneficial is that it lowers air pollution. some countries have already took advantage and began to limit their usage of vehicles. in colombia, bogota several cities have had a car free day. according to source , businessman carlos arturo plaza says that its a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. municipal authorities from different countries came to colombia experience this event and were extremely excited. reducing car usage is proven to help the world out. getting to work can be a pain, simply because of long, time wasting traffic jams. this can cause people to be late to work, functions, emergencies, and even important interview. it may even cause them to miss it completely. lowering the usage of automobiles can be pivotal mainly for this reason. in source , robert duffer states that congestion was down  percent in the capital of france after five days of intensifying smog. this is a important advantage of limiting car usage. another way that decreasing the use of cars is that it cuts down the greenhouse gas emissions. according to the first source the author states that passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and up to  percent in some car intensive areas in the united stated. this is an big reason on limiting car usage as it is shown that it can help the earth it is evident that limiting vehicle usage is pivotal, and the various advantages of what it can lead to. factors such as lowering air pollution, less traffic jams, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. these are reason why we should limit car usage