how scared would you be if you looked to your right and you saw no one at the steering wheel of the car next to you? well many car companies are working on driverless cars for the public. this technology although imperfect at the moment has been around for years. it stated in a article that, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . however, driverless cars are dangerous and should be banned because they are not completely driverless, legal issues if there was a car crash, and the technology is still too insufficent to be trusted. first, the driverless cars are not completely driverless. for example in an article it stated, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. with this information we can see that driverless cars are still not completely driverless. this can make it dangerous if the driver is not paying attention, when attention is needed. this could be fatal if the driver failed to get to the steering wheel in time. secondly, the legal issues that would be created by this new form of car would be catastrofical numbers of laww suits. the question of who would be responsible is a difficult one. in the text it stated, ...if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? this question does raise a lot of legal issues. many states in fact have already banned this car. it stated in the text,  as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars, california, nevada, florida, and the district of coloumbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semiautononomous cars... as you see many states have banned these self driving machines, obiously for good resons, because of all the law suits, legal issues, and because they are dangerous. finally, the technology is still too insufficent to be trusted with the lives of innocent people. when the technology is still not fully tested, and cant full keep passengers safe then they shouldnt be trusted. in the text it stated, the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. this shows how insufficent the technology is today. if the technology cant drive the car by its self, then it shouldnt be trusted, because drivers are distracted as it is. so these self driving cars would almost never need human assistance, and the moment they did drivers would be so distracted they would not be able to react in time. in conclusion, these dangerous driverless cars should be banned because they are not completely driverless, legal issues if there was a crash, and the technology is still to insufficent to be trusted. maybe in the future with more advances in technology these cars could be trusted. the legal issues would cease if the cars were certified they were safe. so maybe, in the far future we can trust cars that are completely diverless with our lives, but at the moment driverless cars should be banned.