venus is considered as earths twin, so why not explore it and have information about it, right? allowing the people on earth to be educated about space life is incredible and would probably do so much for us. the author of the challenge of exploring venus supports his idea very well by educating us of the idea that venus may of had life on it at one time, explaining to us that we need to chase our imaginations and telling the idea that venus is basically the sister of earth! life on venus. that may of been the case a long time ago according to many astronomers. the article states, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. if venus once had the ability to support life, it might have that ability again! if we take the risks and time to explore venus, we might not just have to choose what country or state to live in. we could possibly choose what planet! being a day dreamer or someone who thinks often could give you a whole new world. what if we literally had a whole new world though? according to the passage, our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. to imagine the population on earth becoming smaller because of people going to live on venus is amazing and wild. venus is the closest planet to earth, referring to size and density. the author mentioned astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. if that is the case, then we should explore it to make it the twin of earth. life on mars was very well thought of, but now venus has come into the equation. the author of this passage makes his thoughts very clear that venus is a risk that would be well taken by, implying life may have already been on venus, imagination can get the best of us and we should let it sometimes, and venus is identical to earth, so we should at least try.