in the making mona lisa smile article, the author introduces the new technology facial action coding system. the article states that this system allows computers to identify human emotions. the six basic emotions include happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. in my opinion, i think this use of technology would be extremely valuable for reading students emotions inside a classroom. this technology can detect emotions of people that not everyone will be able to point out on someone. in paragraph five lines , the author states that dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. dr. huang has a similar software that has similar values. if this software was used in a classroom, it would be able to detect precise emotions of students, whether they are confused or understanding something. in many schools, students often use computers. in paragraph six, it goes into detail of what it would be like for this system to be put into use. if the facial action coding system were to be put on students computers, it would be able to help get a better understanding of were the students are at. for example, if this system shows that the student is bored, this can tell the teacher that they need to make the assignment more hands on or active. another example would be in the student is conveying the emotion of confusion. this can show the teacher that this particular student needs more help and a better understanding of the topic. if the student is showing the emotion suprised, it could show the teacher that the student learned something new or is interested in the topic. in paragraph eight, it describes what a false smile looks like. the article states that in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using zygomatic major and the muscle risorius. later on in the article, it says how these movements are able to detect whether someone is being honest or not. in a school or classroom, this can help take on more of a disobedience act then being able to detect if someone is confused or not. if a student is not in the right state of mind, whether that be depression, anger, etc., this new technology can help the school figure out a way to reach out to the student and recieve them help or guidance. the article making mona lisa smile goes into depth of ways the new technology, facial action coding system, can be valuable in detecting human emotions. at the beginning of the article, the author starts off by giving an example of this technology being used on the mona lisa painting. the author gives the percentages with each of her emotions she is conveying in her portrait. the author then states this technology is able to detect the six basic emotions happines, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. by putting this into classrooms, this can help the teachers, administraters, principles, etc., get a better undertsanding of their students and the environemt they work in on a day to day basis.