have you ever wondered what it would be like to have technology in your classroom, not just any technology but technology that can read your emotional expressions? i mean some of us older students would be completly against this whole technology argument. i am completly against this facial action coding system, i mean it could be a great idea for younger kids but honestly who would want a computer to basically figure out what their emotions are for that day? honestly i think its going to be a waste of time and honestly a waste of money lets just be honest! what type of school system is going to buy this technology. the world of technology changes everyday, it changes when youre not even thinking about it. we use technology everyday from phones,to cars, and so many more. this is taking technology to a whole other level, this computer can detect rather youre happy or sad, depressed,mad. the crazy part about this whole situation to me is it feels like youre being watched. in pararaph , second setence, it states this for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. it continues to say but if you frown the next ad will be dufferent. the fact that a classroom computer can tell all of this information is just unbelieveable! the fact that a school would be interested in buying this technology but wont by proper school supplies to help their children is also unpredictable, very unpredictable. i am just thinking what if, you know the feeling you always get in your gut when something isnt sitting right with you? yeah that feeling .well what if this whole technology is a good turn out but could end up being a scam, what if the whole server gets hacked, i mean i can go on all day about this technology. im now worried about the kids. but its only my opinion and i can only voice so much about this whole facial action coding system. i also feel like this system isnt fit for schools, especially if they are considering puttin this in an elemetry school. maybe they should put this in a collegeuniversity, a hospital so that people can get inspirational quotes. so there are pros and cons about the whole technology, but for it to be at a school with minors im just going to have to pass and be against it. some students just like me or even younger might completly disagree or agree about my argument. i mean it do have good things about it such as detecting if youre happy or sad, but the con about that is how will a kid even understand exactly how they feel, yeah everyone knows how they feel and everyone know their own emotions, but to have a computer detect it for you? what since does that make. and to even furter it in my opinion its putting psychologists, counselors, doctors out of business if this computertechnology can do all of this, than whats the point of wasting money to see a professional? yes, i am against it.