with the article i have read it tells me many interesting information and facts also oppinion and it also tells me the mesege the writer is trying to send me about carfree cities. for example in source   in german surburb, life goes on without cars  it talks about how there is a place over there that you can not have cars it is in vauban , germany . in that article it tells me how many people that live there today have had to sell their cars just to live in that residents community and if you do own a car you have to pay , , along with the home your buying in that residential area it is completely carfree except for the main thoroughfare, where, the trm to downtown freiburg runs and a few streets on one edge of the community. and some of the oppinion from the people who live there are really positive for example mrs. heidrun walter said when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. many experts say is a huge impediment to current effort to drastically reduce greenhouse gas are responsible for  pecent of greenhouse emissions in europe .... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. another example why some cities are making carfree places for example paris has band driving due to smogs. even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine  american dollars paris typically has more smog than other european capitals. another intresting source is source  carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota. bogota , colombia in a program thats set to spread to other countries millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. this program has been on for three straight years cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in that capital city of  million their goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines. some of the peoples oppinios of this is it is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution said businessman carlos arturo plaza and for the first time in three years two other cities of colombia joined the move like cali and valledupar. these articles have really gave me alot of information i reallly didnt know about carfree day or places and tehy are pretty interesting and i really feel that the writer has giving me the messege he wanted to show when he made this article with so many good information and evidence from different places of the world and honestly my personal oppinion on this is that i really think it is god that some places have that because it shows how they care for thier community and i think they should fdo thhat in america but they did by changing the type of car that dosent use gas but it would be really good if we could get the carfree day in america because thatt would help our air our community and our bodies it would make them healthier.