cars have always seemed to be a necessity to people, but did you know just how bad cars can be? there are plenty of other modes of transportation you could choose from besides a car. limiting car usage has plenty of advantages! one advantage to limiting car usage is it improves safety. safety in a community is what we all strive for and by taking this step, we can improve peoples saftey immensely. by having less cars on the road, there is a lesser chance for fatal accidents to occur. as well, you will improve your own safety by not getting into a car as much. it will lower your chance of getting into a fatal accident yourself. if you choose an alternate mode to transportation, you may also just increase your mood. in elisabeth rosenthals article of in german suburb, life goes on without cars, a man named heidrun walter said that when i had a car i was always tense, im much happier this way without a car to drive. driving can lead to a negative mood, but mix that with danger and the results could get terrible. another advantage to limiting car usage is by not using your car, you can save money. lets face it, cars are an expensive thing to keep running. it costs you money each time you go to refill your gas, costs money every time you have to go in to see a mechanic, it costs money to wash your car, and dont forget about buying the car or a new one if your current one has too many problems. now with that in mind, just think about how much money one can save by not using the car as often as one does now. by not using your car, you can save yourself money and time. more importantly, by limiting your car usage you can help reduce the emission into our atmosphere. as said in elisabeth rosenthals article the end of car culture, transportation is the second largests source of americas emissions, just behind power plants. by using a car daily, we emit a massive amount of carbon and other terrible gases into the atmosphere. mixing those elements into our atmosphere can lead to smog and a destroyed atmosphere. paris had to ban car usage for a few days just to clear out the global air arund them due to days of nearrecord pollution. we can save our environment, just by going the extra mile and choosing a different mode of trasportation. by limiting car usage in our communities, it can lead to a healthier, happier, and safer community as well as a money saver for all of us. its understandable when you are to go a lengthy distance to use a car. daily travels are usually close by, maybe try walking or taking the bus to your location. you may never know just how much you may like using that mode of transportation rather than driving your own car.