driverless cars? would there be more accidents or would it take away most of the accidents happening now. how will we know if it is safe or not? only way to know is by building the driverless car and taking it for a test. either way, google cofounder sergey brin, imagines a time in the future where no one needs cars. the driverless cars in my opinion are no different than any other actual car. they both really have all the same parts, but maybe not all. the driverless car has to have sensors, speed sensors, certain types of brakes, and a video camera on the rearview mirror plus more. these cars are worth so much, but could also cause tons of problems. not only for the driverless car, but for the other cars driving, and the people in them. however, the passage says, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . these cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but as being said, google cars are not truly driverless. these driverless cars still need a person controlling them. helping them in construction or near wrecks. sergey brin believes if these driverless cars can make it through all the trouble making sure they are save to yourself an to others while driving they will fundamentally change the world. with that being said, no one is really worried about how the car may be or look, but if it can follow the laws of keeping others safe. lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. therefore, the smart cars need someone incontroll of them. making sure if the smart car doesnt sense a pedestrian is crossing the rode, the driver can easily take controll and let the smart car proceed with its driving. mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by . to end my conclusion, with all that has been said automakers will continue to search an bulid more interset into these smart cars. until then safety is what they are aiming for and will take on that challenge of making the smart cars a better and a more saftey car for everyone. all the problems ahead of the automakers will be solved.