wouldnt it be nice if we could know the percentage of each emotion a person is feeling? with this new software called the facial action coding system, that is now extremely possible. the use of this techonology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classrom is indeed valuable because it can help sutdents express empathy, help them improve in class, and overall help teachers understand emotions when they cannot fully reognize them. there have been a plethora of conversations regarding empathy and how important it is, and the facial action coding system causes empathy when we can clearly see what emotion a person is feeling. according to the article, empathy may happen because we unconsciously imitate another persons facial expressions, so with this new techonology, we can improve the way we read others emotions, and this can trigger a sense of emapthy within us to know exactly what emotion they are feeling. for students in a classroom this is beneficial because a teacher can understand the ranges of emotion their student is feeling, as well as help the students recognize the emotions of their fellow classmates. with this innovative technology, empathy could be something far easier to produce. along with producing empathy, the facial action coding system can even aid students in ther performance in the classroom, because according to dr. huang, the technology can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored and this helps because it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. which can immensely help the student to become more engaged because the lesson becomes more interesting. dr. huang also notes that most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, and this is significant because a student may not voluntarily express that they are disinterested in a lesson, but the computer could recognize that anyways, and it is important for it to read the nonverbal communication the student reveals. therefore, techonology can rapidly increase the performance of students by reading their emotions and engaging them into the lesson. as well as improving the performance of students, this technology can improve the relationship between a teacher and student, becuase it benefits the teacher to know a students emotion when they cannot fully recognize them. as an example, the article states, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face although, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc., which shows that us humans have trouble actually matching a facial expression to an emotion. although, with the facial action coding system, this computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code, which is significant because this code works to portray specific emotions. so we humans can better understand them. therefore, in a classroom setting, this is important because with the technology, it allows teachers to be aware of what their student is feeling, creating a stronger studentteacher relationship. overall, the facial action coding system would build a better relationship between students and teachers in a classroom setting, help students improve in the class, and produce empathy with both students and teachers. nonverbal and emotional communication is incredibly important in human interaction, so this technology can help explain emotional responses, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. a software that improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others could potentially be greatly beneficial to students in a classroom, because of its complex ability to help humans express emotion better, which also helps the communication between computer and human. the facial action coding system would be an incredible additon to a classroom, and would bring about major change and impact among students.