facial action coding system. you may ask what is that? well its a new computer system that can detect emotional expressions of students. some may ask how it works and other might be like that sounds stupid. well this system like in paragraph  stats it constructs a d computer model of the face and detects your emotion. this software could be really good in the stat to read what peoples emotions are in the since of having someone as a prisioner and they wont speak. another good thing about this would be if someone cant speak because of an illness so you could us this to see emotions. there is also a bad side in using this software. in paragraph   major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. so if one of your muscles is not in the right spot while this software is running whos to say it wont work, or wont be able to detect what you are expressing. another bad thing about this software is in paragraph  it stats in fact, humans preform this same inpressivecalculation everyday. for instance you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on there face. well like the passage says, if humans can already tell how someone is expressing on there face by looking at them, the really why would we need to use this program to find that out for us. also in paragraph  for example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. well thats great that it will be a more interasting ad but ads have been around for a very long time, and everyone would just have to say, they would just rather have no ads. so this program might make the ads more interesting to your need but no ad out there is going to keep someone intertaned for the full  seconds. another disadvantage is at the top of paragraph   your pc cant handle the complex algorithums used to decode. like this sentence is saying the software might not even be able to recconized what you are expressing because it may not be prgrammed into the software or might not have ever seen you make that expression. therefore, the facial action coding system is not really the best thing to use to find out the expression someone is giving you. reasons being, humans can already figure out the expressions, and it might not detect what you are expressing. for these reason the facial action system should not be used to find out expressions.