in the article, the challenge of exploring venus, the articles inform that venus can be seen shining in a night sky on earth. most people can see venus and is often called the evening star. throughout the years, it has been very hard for anything one to land on venus that included spaceships. the author of the article, the challenge of exploring venus, things that nasa should study and persue any investigation on venus despite the dangers. i agree with this statement. it was clearly stated in the article that venus and earth share some common features. it was explained that there are mountains, craters, and valleys in venus. this are common things that are found all around erath. the crater in yellowstone, and the great canyon are sightseeing places that could also be found on venus. also, nasa predicts that venus had once was covered with oceans and supported any form of life, this can be found in paragraph . if even there was a small chance that a planet had life, we should try to investigate and find new things that could help our planet and the future. researhers are trying to find a solution to be able to land on venus safety or even galce from above. one solution researchers came with is a blimp like vehicle. by creating this vehicle, we can view the venusian landscpae and its features. we could find more evidence that venus had some sort of life just like earth and find new features that we have not seen before. in paragraph , the articles says that this vehicle will be hovering above venus so that means we will be able to get informstion on the weather. for example erupting volcanoes paragraph , powerful earthquakes paragraph , and lightning strikes paragraph . the third reason that explains why venus is worthy of persuing is the idea of electronics. in paragraph , it was revealed in the article that nasa is testing electronics made of silicon carbide. these electronics have been tested in chamer simulations to see if they can withstand the conditions of venus and so far they have lasted for about three weeks. nasa and scientists and use these electronics to find a way to get to venus. for example these electronics can be dropped down from a spcaeship and record many differents things. one of them would be the air quality. this can be useful because these electronics are more resistant to pressure, heat and other forces, paragraph . the last reason would be that we might be able to visit venus and it would help us see if we can actually live in venus in the future. by doing such, we can see if we can withstand these dangerous weather for example lightning, errupting volcanoes, and earthquakes. we experience all of these things above here on earth but the real question is can we survived these on venus? that is why we should study venus, it was mentioned that it most similar with earth and that it has some similar feautures. the author of the challenge of exploring venus persues that studying venus is a worthy pusuit even though there are dangers present. i agree with this statement because by doing research, it can help our understanding of venus better and also find better ways to land. one reason as to why presue this is that venus and earth share many things in common for example, volcanoes. another reason would be that we can discover new things that we have not seen before. for example evidence that there once was a form of life. also, researchers are trying to study electonics so that they can be use in any way to help establish an understanding of venus. these electronics are more reistant to pressure, heat and othe forces, paragraph . with these conditions, these electronics can be used to bring back information from venus and that would lead us to new information and a better understand of a approach on venus. researchers and nasa are trying to find a way to land safety and see if people can actally live on venus. to see if people can withstand many dangerous siuations. this should be a worthy persuit for study venus even though dangers are present.