have you ever wondered what it would be like to cross the atlantic or pacific ocean? have you ever wondered what dangers could happen while at sea? have you ever thought about how the work done as a child can benefit how you are as an adult? well, if any of these questions has even came to your mind than this essay is perfect for you. crossing the atlantic and pacific oceans would take a long time but i would say that it is worth it. luke bomberger traveled across the atlantic sixteen times and he crossed the pacific twice. you should join the seagoing cowboys program so that you can travel across the oceans too. while onboard a seagoing cowboys ship you can have baseball and volleyball games, you can have pingpong tournaments also known as table tennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and playing all sorts of fun games to pass through the days onboard your ship. there are so many advantages to joining the seagoing cowboys but if you arent sure if it will be safe then i will write about the little disadvantages of coming onboard. so, your wondering about the disadvantages of joining the seagoing cowboys? well, one day luke bomberger was working at his job as a night watchman and he had to check on the animals on board every hour. one night luke slipped on a latter and he cracked his ribs. luke started sliding toward the edge of the ship where a small strop of metal kept him from flying overboard. so if you think almost plumaging into the deep, dark sea is a disadvantage then there you go. just because something dangerous could happen doesnt mean that it should hold you back from doing something that you could enjoy though. if you never try out something than you will never know if you will like it or not, so i suggest joining the seagoing cowboys. kids are always wondering why they have to do so much work. the reason is so that the work that they do as a child will benefit them while they are older. luke bomberger had worked on his aunt katies farm as a little boy and it had prepared luke for hard work to be done at sea. you need to be able to work hard if you are going to join the seagoing cowboys than you need to work hard at work worth doing quoted from teddy rosavelt. if you like adventure than the seagoing cowboys program is perfect for you. remember that this program isnt just about fun but it is also about working hard. there may be danger while at sea but its a low chance that the danger will affect you. so join the seagoing cowboys and have the time of your life!