electoral college  even the bestlaid defenses are wrong dear, state senator the electoral college process as you know ,consist of selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president, ant the counting of the electorial votes by congress source . under the electorial college system voters dont vote for president, they vote for a slate of electors that in turn elect for president. some may think what the problem with that it seems like a simple process but thats not how it works. imagine the small states, no canidate is going to spend time in a state where they have no chance of winning making it unfair to voters. theres is also the chance of many segregationists where they dont even take into consideration on who their voting for only basing it on race and or ethnicity. electoral college is a disaster factorsource .many thing can happen in the mist of this selection where the results can end up in a tie which would cause worries. electoral college is irrational, unfair, and outdated and shouldnot be as a system anymore. this system is unfair to many places across the united states. no canidate would bother going to spend time in a state where they have no chance of winning making it unfair to voters. during the  campaign, seventeen states didnt see the canidates at all, including rhode island and south carolina, and voters  ofthe largest media markets didnt get to see the canidates at all including rhode island and south carolina, and voters in ofthe largets media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad source .seventeen states didnt even see canidates making it a harder decision for those states causing somepeople to not even bother voting. some may think it isnt the canidates faulty that those people didnt vote but yes it is the statement is also on opinion and not facts so its not look into carefully. there you go its finally the day to find out the winner and then out of know where you dont find out you know why because of a worry that is a tie. when there is a tie it completely