have you ever seen those movies will the smart cars that drive by themselves? like the bat moble in batman? those arent just cool but also really safe and may be the type of transportation in the future years. i like the idea of one and id buy one. the development of driverless cars is brilliant because it will change the world, it will cause less accidents and is the new trend. sergey brin, google cofounder, belives that driverless cars will change the world. how? they would use half the fuel of todays cars and be more flexible. technololgy is improving everyday and this is good because all these new things are being put on the market and making cars safer. sebastion thrun, founder of the google car project, stated there was no way, before , to make something interesting. the sensors werent there, the computers werent there and the mapping wasnt there. this shows that technology is imroving by that driverless cars will evolve the world. driverless cars cause no accidents. google has had cars drive independently since  and have been driven half a million miles without an accident. isnt that incredible? a lot of car crashes are caused by drunk driving, and texting but ow that the driver wont driving wouldnt that mean no accidents are going to happen as much now? automakers have been working with sensors and within  years they have become more advanced to respondikng to danger. these sensors would stop the car if it were about to crash into something. the sensors have a better response and control than a human driver. drierless cars will be the new trend because everyones going to be wanting one, and it will be safer. how many times haveyou seen your favorite actress wear something, and you were like  oh i want that!? almost everyone has said that at least said that, i know i have but the point is that all the celeberties will be have one them and that would make up want to have it too. i mean look at the adavantages of a driverless car. i believe that driverless cars are brilliant because they are the new trend, it will change the wolrld and cause no accidents. if you havent seen a movie with one of these driverless cars then you better search one up and watch it because they really are facinating.