did you know that venus is a planet? venus is the secondest planet from the sun. their are three things that the author suggest that studing venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. they are venus vison from earth, venuss atmosphere, and scientists discussing further visits to its surface. so its going to talk about venus is a worth pursuit. first, is venus vision from earth. scientist are having trouble seeing or examing more closely to venus. venus and earth are mostly like the same thats why people call it earths twin. it hard for a spacecraft to survied on the planet just for few hour, because humans are so curious about the world. but scientist are concern why people has not went to venus for a long time. one example from the test is  each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecrafty survided the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venuss reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us. on paragraph two. secondly, is venus atmosphere. what venus are facing is theres clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. venus temperatures are very high than ours. but people also say venus geology and weather present impediment. one from the article is beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and weather prensent additional impediments like erupting volcaneos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. in paragraph three. finally, scientist discussing further visits to its surface. astronomers were epressed how venus use to look like beck then. like people say that earth and venus are twins is becasue long ago venus had it oceans and could supported life. but now venus has changes over the year. people want to vist venus, but their are some concerns about going into venus. for an example in paragraph four says the value of returning to venus seems indisputable but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive.. so yeah those the three answers that supports that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it has. they are venus vison from earth. they both lokk different. secondly is venus atmosphere. the temperatures are different from earth. finally scientist having a difficult time going to venus. due from atrononomers going into space long time ago.