positive aspects of driverless cars is that thes cars had driven more than half a million miles without a crash. they also still help alert the drivers to take over when they are pulling in or out of the driveways or when dealing with complicated traffic issues. such as road constructions or accidents, when building the smart cars they put sensors into the car. for example in the s, the automakers used speed sensors at the wheel in the creation of antilock brakes. within  years, these sensors had become mor advanced to help detcet and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids of rollovers. the sensor cand also help cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. there has been further improvements in the sensors and computer hardware and software to make the driving safer. it is also leading to the cars that handle more and more driving tasks on their own. all cars are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills. such as navigating though work zones and around accidents. so this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. i agree with the development of these cars because if you are an older person driving this car can help you drive. the will help you alert when there is a traffic issues or accidents and more. these cars will let you know when you have to take over. so once again if you are an older person or getting old these cars can help you in the near future because automakers are still continuing their work on the assumption that problems ahead will be solved. there is a person name telso who has projected a  release a car capable of driving on autopolit  percent of the time you driving. there are more car brands such as mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan also plan to have their cars drive themselves by . so once more these cars would be helpful for the elder and the people getting older.