driverless cars are important but will be more important in the future as they are being improved. driverless cars exist and it is important that they make laws for them. not everyone should be allowed to drive them, they should always required a human to control them in any type of way. they could be dangerous in hands of inresponsible people .they could change our lifestyles and also the way we see the world, they are helpful if the right person uses them. if they get improved, it would be best for everyone. it is important to have laws for them if they get approved anyway as stated in paragraph , if an accident occurs, who would be blamed? and not only about those laws but a law that makes the manufactures of the driverless cars make every single person pay attention to the road and what he is doing because as said, the car could have a problem and the driver could possible not know abput it. it should be legal to drive a driverless car, not only because it could prevent accidents but because sometimes we get distracted when we know we should be focous on the road. the number of accidents would be lower with driverless cars even if some cars dont work as well. is as if the driver is getting help from the car, the car is helping the driver just in case the driver messed up in a case. not everyone should be allowed to drive a driverless car. some people are not responsible enough to get a car like that. often, teenagers are very inresposible just because they are with their friends. they could think that the car is going to do everything for them and in the worst case the car doesnt react that theres something wrong and it crashes, what if the teenager dies, shouldnt the teenager had to controlled the car even though he knew it could control itself? people with a certain level of maturity should be allowed to drive driverless cars. driverless cars could be so helpful if the right person is on the wheel. the driver should always concentrate on the road, no matter if their car is driverless. it could change society if they actually used them right. traffic would be different, we get stuck into traffic sometimes because a person drives too slow, because a person drove too fast and caused an accident, and many other reasons and with driverless cars it could sometimes prevent this, not all the time but it would lower the risk of getting in an accident. manufactures should try to improve them at their best, not only because some people wouldnt use them right but because people sometimes messes up too. driverless car would be the best to improve a lot of things such as traffic and accidents. if the majority of us had driverless cars, things would change for the better. they are helpful with the right drivers and with the right laws. not every company should be allowed to drive them but companies that are being supervised and companies that are trustable. only responsible people should be allowed to drive them since they would actually just be using the help of the car and not using the car to do everything for them. they also shouldnt be a lot more expensiv. people driving them should always take the same preventions as if they were driving a normal car as said in paragraph , it requires human skills.