all my life i have seen seen movies with cars that drive themselves, and as it turns out there are people out there trying to create this vision to come true. it was in the late s when people first started to even try this concept of having a car do things on their own without a driver. according to the passage in the late s there was a company that created a car to run on a track on its own. there has been millions and millions of dollars spent of this new concept even though there are already cars out there that we as humans can drive. the people who are working on this are still a long way on getting a car to do everything a human can already do. many questions are still in place on the many things that would need to change when these self driving cars come out. if there are already cars in this world that function well, and making these cars have been such a problem, then what is the point of having them? to begin with, the cost in developing these cars is ridiculous. according to the passage one company has spent around  million dollars on a self driving car. yes i do agree that something needs to be done to help enviornmental issues, but i believe that this money can be spent on other things. those  million dollars could have gone to the research on medicine, to try and find a cure for cancer, the national debt, or to even help with all the people in this world that are starving to death. in developing these cars many things would be needed to change, such as signs, laws, and roads all things that will cost even more money. robots are slowly taking over what we as human are capable of doing, for example these cars. there are people out there trying to make a car to do something that we can already do. what is the point of that? the reason that humans are reckless and self driving cars can be safer is not true. there are multiple videos on line showing a car without a human being tested that have failed, and have hit a person. in the passage it states that there would need to be new laws set in place in case of an accident. who would be at fault? would it be the owner of the car, or the person who made the car? many conflicts would arise from figuring out who will be at fault for the person that the car may harm or kill. as a child we are all super anxious to start driving, and what will happen when the kids of the future generations dont have that opportunity? driving today develops responsibility in teens. they have to know when to fill up their gas tank, to not drive in certain conditions, and to work hard to earn or buy their car. if we start to rely on robots to take over what we can do soon we will not know how to do anything or to know responsibility like we do now. the passage states that it will not be until  for some companies to even release their self driving cars. by then many more millions of dollars will have been spent, and possible accidents will have occured from testing these cars out. we hear about all the problems that occur daily on the news, the time spent on these cars is not doing anything to solve that. let us spend our time and energy on something that will make a difference in making this world we live on a better place, and not on something that serves little purpose. we can already drive a car ourselves we dont need a car to do that for us.