driverless cars seems like a futuristic thing that should be happening decades from now. but it is possible for it to happen soon. maybe not completely driverless since the smart cars are going to be able to need the drivers alert. driverless cars can be a very big change to the world. sergey brin, google cofounder, envisions a future that will be able to have a publictransport taxi system with driverless cars. the cars he imagines to be able to happen in the future would use half the fuel of todays taxis. and would be able to offer much more flexibility than a bus could. sergey bin says that this could fundamentally change the world. google has had cars that could independently drive themselves since  according to the article. googles cars arent truly independent because they still require a driver to take over under certain conditions like pulling in and out of driveways, dealing with the complicated traffic issues, or navigating through any accidents on the road. the self driving cars from google have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. safety will be soemthing very important for the driverless cars if these were to happen. car crashes happen oftenly among adults and teenagers that have the opportunity to drive. the causes for the accidents are mostly because people often wnat to be using their mobile devices while on the road. texting is a problem while driving. it will obviously distract you from watching the road and cause you to be in an accident or just cause one. manufacturers are hoping to be able to put cameras into the driverless cars so it makes sure that the person taking over the car is watching the road, and car is watching over the person so they can be alert when they have to take over. driverless cars seems like a good idea. it can make a big change to the world. half the fuel can be used which is a good thing since the fuel from cars harms the earth since it causes greenhouse gases. with less fuel being used, the greenhouse gases can be avoided less. driverless cars can bring upon much more safety since the cars google has, have driven more than half a million miles without an accident. which is good since accidents will be less likely to happen with these driverless cars.