there has been an argument saying that the face on mars is a ancient civilization. well they are wrong because it is an old landform. my three reasons of why it is a landform is because the planet mars cannot support life. also because it is just the lighting forming the eyes nose and the mouth and it is just a landform. i know it is a landform that has just eroded over hundreds of years. on mars there is no oxygen no water or life that is because the planet cannot support life. the planet is compleltly dead. if there was a civlization then they would of had to of built a house with airlocks just to survive. even if the aliens did not need air to breath they would have gotten to hot and they need mosture to survive. and you would think that we would have found a civilization or something that would have kept them alive by now. in the text it says it would be cool if there was an ancient civilization. the landform looks like it has eyes a nose and a mouth but really it is just the lighting reflecting on the landform. if the sun is hitting the landform then it will cause a shadow to creat the look of eyes a nose and a mouth. but after many years the landform has eroded to form a face like look. sense the planet mars has allways been the closest to the sun. it is alot hotter than earth so there is allways heat waves so that is what caused the erosen on the landform. in the text it states that the eyes nose and mouth are just an illusion. this is a landform because the planet is completly dead. mars cannot support life because it is too hot and it gets heat waves. also the light refelects off the landform and creats a shadow of eyes a nose and a mouth. the landform has had many years to erode. in the text it states it is just a martian mesa common enough around cydonia. only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. it would be cool if there was aliens that created the landform. we could see how they adapted to surviving on the planet and its harsh conditions. they might help us addapt to mars and we can help them adapt to our planet. but nasa would become more famous than what it is today. because they would want to have all the land marks for artifacts and it would probably make the aliens mad. the landform on mars was not created by aliens because we would have known by now. also because mars cannot support life the lighting on the planet creats the eyes the nose and the mouth like a illusion. and for all we know it is just a landform. i know it is just a landform that has eroded over hundreds of years.