have you ever had an opportunity to go to europe and help people in need? first,some reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys program are, getting discoverd. for example,if your  like i was you could be drafted for military service which means you would be able to help the world and have a great job. another reason, you should join is because,you can discover some amazing things. for example, you could see places like europe,china,italy and greece. also you will be helping a lot of people and animals because,you will be doing things for the benefit of there need. all of these examples show reasons why you should join the seagoing cowboys program. next,but for me being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure.it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. just like it made me look at the world diffrent it might be the same to you or even an acheivment you have accomplished. their are some reasons you might be scared to go. for example you might be scared of failing or being flown over board. but as long as you stay together with the person your with and do what your supposed to you wont fail. another good reason of going to the seagoing cowboys program is helping people. world war  was over in europe and many countries were left in ruins and if you want to help all the people in ruins you could join the seagoing cowboys program. unrra hired the seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses,young cows,and mules that were shipped overseas. so from what the unrra said that means you probly would be getting paid. even if you dont get paid its still a good thing to do to help people that need help. all of these reasons state why this is a good reason to join the program. in conclusion,all these reasons i have stated will really help people. helping is what the seagoing cowboys program is about and it will make you more aware of things like other countries in need. if your not  yet and you want to be drafted for military service join more than once because, the more you join the more your helping the people,animals,and enviorment. i hope from all the reasons i have given you,youll join the seagoing cowboys program.