in the article, making mona lisa smile, author nick dalto informs readers on a new type of facialanalyzing technolgy. this software is known as facial action coding system, or facs. dr. paul eckman, a wellknown psychologist, created the program based off of human expressions. six basic emotions joy, sadness, surprise, fear, anger, and disgust can be identified through the movement of  major facial muscles. specific muscles move parts of the face, and can be associated correspondingly with emotions. the software was practiced on the mona lisa, a famous leonardo da vinvi painting. the woman displayed in the artwork was revealed to be, ... percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry dalto . the technological advancements made with this software is being introduced to educators, such as prof. thomas huang from the beckman institute for advanced science, located within the university of illinois, as well as prof. nicu sebe from the university of amsterdam. these teachers have been given the opportunity to take a look at the system, using it to, developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate dalto  . because of the softwares introduction to educators, many may wonder if this kind of technology could be brought into college, highschool, or even elementary classes. is this ethical, or should emotions be valued personally, rather than publicly? there will be and already is a ruckus of controversy over the extensive and still growing use of technology in schools. tech has multiple benefits, which many schools choose to see. the benefits of technological advancements tend to outweigh the negatives, which is why so many schools are seen introducing technology as early as preschool. current students, grades prek, will grow up with and eventually work in some way with modern technology. understanding how to use it is an necessary skill to have. however, the use of a facial recognition technology is more of an ethical question than a necessitybased one. the facs system could be used to detect signs of unnatural emotions in students, such as prolonged anger or sadness. it may be able to, as it advanced, prevent emergency situations for students, especially those in highschool. these situations include abuse, suicide, threats to general student safety, and similar situations that should not be taken lightly. this program may not only be beneficial to teachers, but students as well. an understanding of a how a student is feeling may lead to the discovery of an unfortunate situation, or the case of a student in need of help, yet not sure how to ask for it. currently, depression is found in  of  teens, and  out of  of those cases go undiagnosed. teen suicide rates are rising, especially in females of highschool age. if there is a system that can prevent lives from being lost, a trial run may not be the worst idea. overall, the introduction of a facs system into classrooms woudl serve as more beneficial than negative, and may assist with emergency instances for both teachers and students. this system is extremely valuable to the quality and worth of saving or improving a life. with consent, the software can take the information it collects in order to further update the modern technology we use and share all over the world. the program not only has the potential of bettering the lives of people, but may continue to bridge the gap between human and technological connection, capability, and understanding.