have you ever wanted to be apart of nasa or a scientist? scientist get to explore many parts of the world, even outer space. have you ever wanted to travel to mars known as the, red planet? mars has a long history, however some nasa scientists say that in  they saw a face on mars and some people thought that aliens created it. twentyfive years ago from this date may ,  a spacecraft called viking  was circling around the planet mars taking pictures of possible landings for the sister ship named viking . as the spacecraft was circling around the planet mars, it saw something very odd which was, shadowy likeness of a human face with and enorumous head nearly two miles from the end it seemed to be staring back at the cameras from a region on the red planet called cydoina. soon scientist figured it was just another martian mesa, however this one had unsusual shadows which made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. as nasa looks at the images the caption said huge rock formation. the mars then started to reveal images of a face such as the, eyes, nose, and mouth. mars has now became a famous planet. the planet mars has starred in hollwood flims, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even in a haunted grocery story checkout line. the agurment now is weither or not the face was made by aliens and the answer is no. in passage seven, it says, and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, micheal malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orgional viking photo. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing... a natural landfrom. there was no alien monument after all. i believe if i was in the nasa or if i were a scientist i would use passage seven to back my answer up. it gives all the details about why the aliens did not make the face on the planet mars. even though everyone would not be satisfied with my agurement, i now have proof that it was not created by aliens.