the author thinks that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. venus had previous missions that were unmanned. there would be no spacecraft that survived the landing for more than a few hours. these issues would explain why not a single spaceship would land on venus in more than three decades. venus is a very challenging planet for us humans to study it. first of all, what would be more challenging would be studying the clouds of its highly corrosive sulfuric acid. these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest part of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. this means that with any condition that the venus is having they would be very extreme. venus has the hottest temperature than any other planet in our solar system. secondly, since the national aeronutics and space administration have an idea of sending humans to study venus. they have to make sure they are safe and that they are aware of what the humans are going to do. peering at venus from ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmostphere. researchers think that seeking to conduct a mission to understand venus would have to get close to our planet. also, when the sientist had approached on studying the venus they had simplified some electronics that made silicon carbide. these have been tested in a chamber stimulating the chaos of venuss surface. striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. once the scientist had finished their research they have found their conclusion. in conclusion i think the author is right because we have to be aware of what is close to our planet and if its dangerous or not. the venus was very challenging for humans to study. it had many things that would confuse the humans while they study. venus is just another normal planet like ours but it has its own differences. venus is a hotter planet even though mercury is closer to the sun.