everyday new thing are breing created because of the advances in technology. in the artitcles diverless cars are coming the author talks about the goods and bads of a diverless car. although the idea of a diverless car hasnt been fully develope, they predicted that it will be by the year . in the my perspective i think the idea of a diverless car is bad because of the many problem it could cause. a diveless car is not exactly diverless. in the ariticles it said,  the car can handle driving funtions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel...human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over. this tells us that a diver still need to keep hold the of wheel and stay alert. the human still have to be on the look out and take over when their is a problem. a diverless car is not safe because it can bring technology problems and failuar. it said in the articles,new laws will be needed in order to cover the liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe diver or the manufacturer? this tell us that even if the diverless car is developed their will still be flaws. as it was mention in the article if someone got injured who would be at fault? if the person got injured they would blame it on the company and their would be problems. rule are their to keep us save and if it change it could cause many danger. in the aritcles it said,  traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all time. this is agreeble because its better to be safe then sorry. things can happen when driving a diverless cars, so it way safer if that person was in full control of its car. diverless car can bring many accident if it is not fully developed or safe. it can bring disagreement between people if their was an accident and it is safer when the person is in control of its vehicles. driving is already unsafe for most people and if diverless car is develope it can be more unsafe.