wow! the use of the technology can read the emotional expression, the facial action coding system is amazing. some new computer software can recognize people expression. computer can recognize our facial movements by using express how we feels. the author described basic emotions, by characteristic movements of the facial muscles. the action of muscular indicate between a genuine happy or smile and pretending to be happy. the author support that how much technology can do. first, the facs new sofeware would be helpful for psychologists doctor. the facs will help them to tell how their petients are feelings and know what they need to improve in their life. the author indicated that whom are experts at technology, find a better ways to communicate humans and software technology. the expression of our facial can be predict. next, computer can recognize facial movements how we express our feelings. in the article, the author described movements of our facial muscles called action unit. how the movements of facial muscles work is for example, celebrity is not happy in inside but shehe can pretend to be happy and smile in front of her fans. the musculer movement work is like pretending and force to be smile but not movement of facial muscles only expresses emotions, but can help you to produce them. finally, in the article the author decribed six basic emotions. the basic emotions are happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness each of them related to movements of the facial muscles. for example, someone who surround us, we can probably tell how their feels by looking at them. the author explained, movements of facial express are all about muscular action units. according to facial feedback theory of emotion can make you actually produce smiling and creating emotions. in conclusion, technology can read emottional expression of humans by the facs. muscular action units indicate the difference between a real smile and forced one but making a fake smile can help you to produce them. the new software, facial action coding system identify human emotions by looking at them. the author support, technology can develop humans and computers to communicate better ways. from the article, we can tell that technology can do much more than we think.