limiting car usage can seem like a far fetched idea, but in reality, it helps us more than hurts us. limiting the usage of cars helps reduce pollution, reduce smog, and reduce the amount of obese people in the world. by doing so, its not a bad idea to limit car usage. pollution, the cause of the ice caps melting, is an ongoing battle that we seem to be losing. as it states in source one, passenger cars are responsible for twleve percent of the green house gas emissions in europe and up to fifty percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. if the cities in the united states had these limitations then our percentage woul rapidly decline. in europe, they have already taken notice of their percentages of pollution and have started to have experimental towns in which there are car limitations put in place. in the town of vauban, as written in source one, there are only two places to park, the large garages at the edge of the development, where a car owner buys a space for fory thousand dollars,along with a home. this is a good way to get rid of all the pollution, by having no where to park and if they want to park, they will have to pay for their space. it also states as a result, seventy percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and fiftyseven percent sold a car to move there. the people that live there most of them are carless so they dont spend their money on a parking spot, meanwhile some people sold their cars to either to avoid paying for a spot, or to join in the experiment of limiting the usage of cars. smog, is a citafect of to much pollution in one area. smog has gotten so bad that paris, accordinto souce two, enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air. the ban was partial as in the article it says  on monday motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a twentytwo euro fine thirtyone dollars and the next day it would apply to the odd numbered license plates. this caused almost four thousand drivers to be fined and twentyseven cars were impounded, acoording to the article. smog is a problem that can be fixed just like how paris got rid of their smog by car usage limits. car limitations dont just help the enviroment they can help us as well. humans have become very obese in the last fifty years then they have been in any other time period. you can blame the fast food, but you can eat fastfood and stay healthy. car limitations make you walk or ride a bike which can get you healthier. im not saying go out and be usain bolt or lance armstong but it can help people to be healthier at the same time as being helpful to the enviroment. car usage limitations are a great idea, although most people wouldnt enjoy it. it helps reduce pollution which is the biggest threat globaly. it helps dissolve smog from highly car populated areas. the limits can even help humans by having them ride bikes or walk. the thought of limitations are not accepted by most people but if this is what we must do to keep the earth healthy then we have to do it.