the use of this technology in the classroom would be valuable. it would help keep students happy. teachers would know if students are enjoying their lesson or if they should change it up so students are happier with it. students will be more engaged in classes. i will being by talking about student emotions. firstly in school students emotions are always changing. the article said, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. in a school classroom students are always going from happy to sad to bored. so if a computer can detect when that is happening and can tell the teacher to fix it then students would be happier. the article also said,then it could modify the lesson, like an effective humand instructor. if the lesson is changed until a student is happy with it they will undersatnd the subject more and get better grades. it could also be useful to teachers. another way this could be helpful in classes is by helping teachers. if a teacher is informed that some students arent happy with the way the teacher is teaching they could change the way they teach. a good teacher would be able to use the data the computer sends them by giving those students who arent focused as much in class more attention. teachers could also use it to help them make better lessons that all the students in their classrooms will enjoy. the article says,they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. so if this technology can detect fake smiles teachers will know students are really happy and can fix their lessons to make students happy. i will now go to my final reason why this technology would be useful in a classroom. a final way this would be useful is by getting students more active in the classroom and want to participate more. if a student is enjoying a subject they will want to answer questions in class because they know the answers and are confident about their answers. if teachers were using lessons students enjoyed and wanted to listen to they will become more confident in that subject and want to be active in classroom talks. students being more involved would make school less boring and make the atmosphere less stressful. students wouldnt be scared to go to school because they dont know if they will understand the material. they wouldnt be worried because this technology will tell their teachers they are confused and their teachers could help them. in conclusion this technology would be useful in the classroom for a couple of reasons. this technology would help keep students happy, let teachers know if they need to change their lesson, and get students more involved in the classroom and more confident in their schoolwork.