if you think about it, going on a ship could be dangerous. you could end up risking your life. do you know how many ship wrecks there have been. that could be bad when you only graduating in high school. you still have,  more years of your life to explore, discover, try, and build. and maybe he could do it but sleeping on a boat? wont that be uncofortable. ive never slept on a boat but going through all the waves, the boat moving side to side, the sound of waves hitting the boat. you wouldnt get some good sleep. some people get sick on the boats. and you have to go through that every single day. the article said it took about two weeks to get across the pacific ocean from the eastern coast of the united states and a month to get to china. thats like sitting in vomet for a month. what would you have to eat every day. you cant keep food on a boat for a month. the boat would only be filled with food. unless your going to have the same thing every day. that would be boring. i wouldnt do that! there had to be a rainy day or even a storm at one point in that month. what would you do all day? you have no internet, you cant really play unless your playing cards. if its raining then its going to be very slippery. so you would have to stay in place for a while. and when the rain stops, you still need to be cautios that you dont slip it says in this article that, luke had to serve the night watching for animals. will you get any sleep? will you fall asleep on the job. what im trying to say is you need sleep. i couldnt stay up all night and then stay up all day. i would have to take a nap. now the reasons i would join the ship. it says that luke had fun on the boat, the cowboys played volleyball games. they also had table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling,and games also helped pass the time. if i had the choice to become a seagoing cowboy, i wouldnt go. i would miss all my friends and family. and yes you would have a lot of fun but, you couldnt see your friends. you couldnt see the people you wanted to see. and im happy where i live and where i go to school. i never want to leave. but for luke it was something i guess he wanated to do. he said, he knew its was a opportunity of a life time. luke cound not say no.