cars in this century are being band for multiple reasons. to most people, cars are a hastle and a pain to deal with. advantages to limiting car usage are the less parking areas and more community buildings, the reduction of smogpolution, and more exercise for americans. most cars are getting better with the limitation on gas and more on battery, but we should still limit cars in general. if you walk along the streets in new york, you will see that along every sidewalk there is a parking strip and around every corner there is a parking lot. what if those parking spots were gone? we could have larger and more store then we have now, plus we could have larger sidewalks to bike and walk on. in vauban, germany, generally street parking, driveways, and home garages are forbidden. the house owners are allowed to own cars, but transportation is limited due to the limited parking areas. suburban inhabitants mainly use a source of public transportaion because of how cheap and easy it is. smog is a fume that comes from cars and lingers around that area. it makes the whole area fill up with gas that it looks like a huge fog bank. china is the worst contributor to smog due to all its factories which make cars. paris is trying to limit the amount of smog in their area so they restricted the use of cars for five days. after the five days, paris cleared up and the people there were able to see a lot clearer. america is known to be a fat country. all the people in american sit around and eat everything, are really lazy, and rely to much on machines. if we cut down on machines, including cars, a whole lot of americans would lose a lot of weight. larger sidewalks would help a whole lot for bikes. bikes would give you exercise and help you be self relient instead on relying on the car. a professor at the university of michigan has a son who lives is san fransisco, who he says has a car but never uses it. he always uses the public transportation, and whys that? more than likely it is becuase in san fransisco the traffic changes rapidly and you dont know if you will hit bad traffic. also, san fransisco is a beautiful place to be, and he may want to enjoy the view in that area. cars have taken over the united states in many ways that we know about but dont care or dont do anything about it.. america and everwhere else could have a lot more stores and get more exercise if parking lots, parking spots along the sidewalk, and some cars are gone. smog is not a good gas to have lingering around where a whole bunch of people are walking and living. cars are great, no question, we can live a healthier life if we didnt have them.