before reading this passage, i had no idea of anything being trully driverless. i couldnt imagine a world with driverless cars, but i guess its going to happen sooner or later. i think that it is a big step in the industrial world, but i dont think its practicle for day to day life because it is dangerous, it will cost a great amount of money from who knows where if the government funds it, and it will cause a lot of problems between the manufacturer and the costomer. my first reasoning for this project to be dangerous is because no one knows how long the computer inside can stand doing all these things for the human driver. the driver might not know whats really going on with the car or how to use it. something may happen between the computer in the car and the driver wanting to drive it. the driver may be incapable to drive a such advanced car and might not know what to do in a dangerous situation that might occur. thousands of bad things can happen with this new invention. the computer may go dead and the driver or passenger may get hurt badly, and this goes for my third point. the cost of these new cars has to be very expensive. if this does take off and is a very popular thing, the more of these cars that are made, the more money will have to be used to make them. if the government goes for them and tries to fund and support them, then the citizens of this country may have to pay a great amount of tax dollors to support the making of all of these expensive cars. if people are not happy about this happening, and it does, and their money is going to that cause, then more problems will arise from that. i think that would be last thing that anyone would want to happen. if we do have to start paying tax money towards that and they fail, a big outcome from that might happen, and even more money could be lost in result. my third and final point is that it could cause great problems between the consumer and the manufacturer. if something were to happen while the driverless car was in control and the driver wasnt really involved and that person got hurt, someone will be to blame. it was either the customers fault for not paying attention and taking over, or it was the machines fault for messing up in the first place. the whole point of these cars is to make the roads a safer place by making the driving perfect, so there shouldnt be any doubt in anyones mind that these automated cars would let the customer down. this arguement could go on forever if this really happened. it could very well happen, and it could be a very scary outcome. the things that are happening in this time with inventions and upgrades are un thinkable. no one from three decades ago would imagine a world like this so advanced in the technology we all have, and to think that there would be a driverless car on top of that. in the end, its just an opinion on whether this will fit now, or if its just a mess up waiting to happen. soon enough, these cars will end up coming, and whether you like them or not, youll still be amazed by what people are doing today.