in nick daltos article, making mona lisa smile, he talks about a new technology called the facial coding system that enables computers to identify all kinds of humans emotions. this could be a very valuable tool for classrooms, but it also sounds scary that computers are consuming more and more of students time. in some ways the technology to read a students emotion can be very helpful, but there are also many cons to the technology, which should make so it should not be used outside of the classroom. the facial acting coding system is and will be helpful in the future to students learning. while a student is using the computer it can tell if they are learning and concentrating or bored and tired. also, if a student seems intrigued by a certain assingment or video, the computer can see that and produce more that are like it. lastly, if a student is struggling, but he does not want to admit it the computer can see that and communicate with the teacher of the classroom. even though the computer is helpful, there are many possible problems. first of all, just like the article said, humans can already tell when other humans are happy, surprised, angry, discusted, scared, or sad. if we can already read humans emotions why do we need a computer to look at one another to read their emotions? just by simply looking at a friend we can tell if they are having a good day or if they are struggling. we have lived without this technology for many years so why do we need it now? it seems like humans are only wasting their time trying to create new technology like this for example. students and their parents alike should fear these computers. if parents want time with their kids, and if they want to help with their kids emotions these computers will ruin the parents chances. the facial action coding system is helpful now, but in the future it may take away from family time, and the students might go to their computers for help instead of their parents. this system could create a disaster in the world if people do not go about it the right way. finally, with these computers humans would not be able to hide any of their emotions. some emotions are meant to be inside and stay that way. not everyone needs to know all your deep dark secrets. especially a computer system does not need to know your secrets. the facial action coding system could be used in many different ways. if the technology is not used right then the world could be changed for the worse, although if it is used only in the classroom the right way then it could be very helpful to students who struggle. overall there are pros of the system, but we need to be cautious with the new technology and make sure that it is used in only beneficial ways.