technology has done amazing things. it has even changed the way society goes about their dails lives. for example scientists today are trying new and creative methos to get children andor kids invovled with what theyre learning in the classroom. they are even going as far as making it to where computers can read your emotions. this is a good way to teach students based on the fact that some students may not be good with asking the treachers questions, or they may not be good with speaking out if they dont understand the lesson. this way they wont have to, and the computers be a tool to help them stay intrested in the lesson and also move foward to the next. now some people may be thinking that this wont work, and that how not everyone shows there emotions the same, and yes even though that is correct the scientisit made sure to have a variety of emotions. even including the mixed ones, such as the painting of the mona lisa. using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face of in the painted face of mona lisa. by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions as in da vincis masterpiece.. the fact that da vinci studied human anatomy makes it easier for the scientists such as dr. huang to collect data, andor use the emotions they have based on the painting this man painted. his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. this is also a good way to talk about the fact that people can even most of the time read emotions based on what youre friend is doing, or the face that theyre making. not only are all of these emotions universal but these emotions were also tested by the way the face muscles in humans bodies change when a different emotions occurrs. meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis ocuil pars palpabraeus make crowsfeet arounf your eyes. but in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic majoe and different muscle, the risorius. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politican or celebirty isnt being truthful. using computers to help us teach students is a goos idea. people frown apon technology a lot but in some cases, such as this one, people are only trying to make the lives of the future society become easier then it is, andor better then it wouldve been without technology. this will later help us improve as a society and become better with all the things we do in our daily lives.