dear florida state senator, the electoral college is an unamerican, and unfair voting process. in america we believe in the people living in our country having the right to vote for their leaders, but what if theyre not directly voting themselves? the electoral college is an inacurrate way of determining the leaders of our country compared to the other actually accurate way of voting, a direct vote election. the method of the electoral college cannot always be controlled by the voters from their state, and is unfair to states with lower populations whereas the population of that state might not understand what exactly theyre voting for. this doesnt seem exactly the way things are supposed to be in our nation since ...over  perecnt of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now.source , does it? though it is highly unlikely that a choosen elector from a state would not vote towards the chosen side their state decided and voted upon, they still have the opportunity to. this opporitunity is unfair to the voters of the state as they are not directly voting for the president, such as how things are in a direct vote. a direct vote allows the candidate to be choosen and voted for directly by voters knowladgebly voting, then the highest popularity perecentage from votes are then to have the candidate be elected, not by a group of people that have a chance to be bias from the voters in their state. this problem can occur by things such as state legislatures picking electors that may not vote in favor of the states populations choice, but their and state legislatures choice. even though ...almost all states award electoral votes on a winner take all basis,..source  not all states electors must do so. they can and have the chance to choose whoever they want as the power to pick is in their hands, and out of ours. in smaller states such as hawaii and alaska they are only given a total of  electoral college votes as their population is not as large as somewhere such as california, new york or florida. this does not only matter due to the low number of votes awarded, but it also effects how much they may know about the candidates running for the position. a lot of candidates only choose to go to swing states california, new york, etc. in order to recieve more votes in the electoral college. ...candidates dont spend time in states they have no chance of winning,..source  this causes a lot of people in areas not visited to be unknowledgable about eligible candidates in the voting process, and what they could be voting for. these swing states help candidates reach their goal of the winning  majority votes out of the  possible.  may seem like a large number but compared to the population of the united states its not really all that large of a group of people. the population of our nation and the votes of our voters is much more larger then the decisions of  electors. now hopefully it is clearer to see the many problems of the current electoral college system, as it is unfair and irrational. our nations voters are the ones who should be voting in a direct vote in picking the president compared to the electoral college. as the method of the electoral college cannot always be controlled by the voters from their state, and is unfair to states with lower populations whereas the population of that state might not understand what exactly theyre voting for. these are only a couple of the large problems caused by the electoral college. as far as these problems i believe as bob dole said abolish the electoral college! sincerely, anonymous student