i agree driverless cares should be used because it is useful and can be stress free. the driverless cars can reduce fast speed racers and crinimals that drive away. the driverless car can do many thing to help the environment.the car would stop crime, follow the speed limit and can reduce stress. the car can do many things but those were the main ones. the driverless cars can stop crime becuase when you look at the news there are people driving away in high speed races and crashing evrywhere. if we had driverless cars this wouldnt happen at all. the car would only go at a specific rate of speed and this way this can reduce car crashes. people tend to drive fats where they arnt suppose to and later on get killed in a car crash.this car there isnt a way you can get in a crash. the car itself can follow the speed limit. some people ignore the speed limit and it can cause major injuries. the driver would always want to speed up and not pay attention but the car it will react faster and go slower. in the text it says, that only the driver can have control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. driverless cars can be tested but it would be difficult becuase you need to put all the road rules in the cars system. this can helop and cause some issues. the driverless cars can reduce stress to the driver on the wheel. if an important call happens adn thier in the highway she cant answer it becuase she would get it into a crash. if she had the driverless caar the car can go on autopilot and drive itself so she can answer the phone. if the driver has somehting wrong with him while hes driving the car,the car will drive itself by just a pushing button. in the text it says, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. if the technology fails and someone is injured who is at fualt the driver or the manufacturer. people would think anything will go wrong but no one will now until we try it. driverless cars can really be benificial in peoples lives. they can be trust worthy and reliable. it can stop fast speed cars, follow the law more often and reduce stress on the driver. the driverless car can be the next big thing if it works. most likely it would work becuase of the technology we have today. people sometimes dont wanna drive and this can help with that. let just for say the people int hecar were drunk.the car would drive them home no one would go to jail.