have you ever thought about life without cars? in vauban, germany the people have given up their cars and there streets are car free. in paris, they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. in bogota, columbia millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during car free day. in the united states, the environmental protection agency is promoting car reduced communities, and legislators are starting to act, if cautiously. in vauban, germany  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter. as you walk verdant streets where you can here the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drowning out the occasional distant of motors. in paris, diesels make up  percent of vehicles in france, compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe. on monday motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a  dollar fine. almost , drivers were fined. in bogota, columbia there goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced a  dollar fine. being car free is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. parks and sport centers blooming, no traffic just people and there everyday life. the united states is the birthplace of the model t,the home of detroit, the place where wilson pickett immortilized mustang sally. presidents obamas ambitious goals to curb the united states green house gas emission is slowly working. the number of miles driven per person is nearly  percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in january . new yorks new bike sharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do a proliferation of car sharing programs across the nation. in conclusion, life without cars keeps life fresh. cars are destroying the earth from smog. we will be much happier people with out cars. having to see all the children and all the wonderful people actually having a good time with there families. cars are every where but if we can reduce the amount of cars being driven maybe we can save the earth from air pollution.