in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author believes that studying the planet venus would be a rewarding endeavor. the author presents his claim and supports it very well through the knowledge he already has about the planet, the knowledge that the exploration of venus might uncover, and persuasion through relating to his readers. this allows for the author to very clearly and precisely get his point across to those who might read the article. it also creates a strong way for the author to connect to his readers. when the author uses the knowledge that he already has about venus, he is trying to convey that what information we have on venus is already important. in paragraph , the author presents the idea that venus may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. when the author introduces this concept, he also describes the surface of venus to be rocky and includes similar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters,. becuase the author presents the idea that venus might have been like earth and then goes on to describe this, he strongly supports his claim of how rewarding studying venus could be. he is also trying to spark an interest in his readers regarding the study of venus. in paragraph , the author suggests that researchers need to get closer to the ground. when he says researchers cannot take samples...from a distance, he is urging scientists to find ways to get closer to venuss surface. to support this he also presents that scientists cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else without getting closer. he uses the curiousity of man to lure them into what he wants them to. this proves to be strong support for his main claim. this also leads right into the persuasion aspect of his support. the author uses persuasion throughout the article, but in paragraph  it is used excessively. near the end of the paragraph, he introduces the idea that our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts.... when he uses should not in that sentence, he is adding a strong opinion to his conclusion. in doing so, his opinion also contributes to the persuasion factor. this allows for him to call out to the reader individually and emotionally affect them. using persuasion made way for the author to support his claim very well and influence the reader to think the same way as him. overall, the author has a very well thoughtout way of supporting his claim that studying venus would be a worthy persuit, despite the dangers. the author hits the brick wall head on by first presenting the knowledge he already has. this allows for the readers to have a little bit of foreground to play on. then, he introduces the knowledge that could be gained by studying the planet, giving the readers a clearcut example of how studying venus might present important information. finally, he includes persuasion, making it possible to influence the readers one by one. in conclusion, the author supports the claim, studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents, very well.