advancments in technology is the future for the st century. technology is being improved everyday wether it be with phones, cars, or house systems. the development of driverless cars is inevitable, and its a big step towards greater technology then what is already there. the making of driverless cars is already in production because its a way for technological companies like google to improve their technology. to discontinue the making of these cars would be to hinder the improvement of technology. there have been no reports of accidents to show that driverless cars are a danger to drivers, passengers, or pedestrians. the use of driverless cars does come with some risk factors because these cars arent completely driverless, but they are being improved upon with test drives. there will be some controversy of the dangers of alert drivers when using driverless cars. to conteract these risks the cars come with built in alert systems such as vibrations of the driver seat, or flashing lights on the windshield to inform the driver when the car needs human assistance for the road ahead. of course its not the best safety precautions, but with continued use of driverless cars the technology can be improved upon. the most benefit of the development of driverless cars would be the money gained. with car manufacturers like mercedesbenz, audi, tesla, and nissan interested in the production of driverless cars, these cars would make high profits in sales. new technology comes out everyday, and the appealing aspect to buyers is that they need to keep updated on whats new. the selling of driverless cars, new inovative technology, would appeal to buyers because it would be considered different and new. the continued development of driverless cars would have to have new regulation laws put into place for use on open roads and clarity on who would be held responsibe in the case of an accident, but theyre appealing for profit and advancement in technology. these cars would boost the technological and economical world. it would be a waste to stop the production of cars that havent even been given the chance to really be used on open roads, especially if they have no reports of accidents or death. driverless cars arent a serious danger risk, and with continued production the problems ahead would be solved. the production of these cars is helping the advancement of technology and can bring in high profits. the dangers that the driverless cars could present would be improved apon with the continued use of these cars.