alot of people may think that aliens created the face on mars but i dont think it was. i think that it is just a natural landform made by a storm or a meteor. photographing the rock formation was a huge priority for nasa. some scientists say that aliens didnt make it because they dont exist. they decided that it was another martian mesa which were common around cydonia. a few days after, nasa unveiled the image for all people to see. when they released the photo, the caption was huge rock formation. some of the scientists say that the rock formation looks like a face. they said formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. an author later decided that the face would be a great way to get the publics attention and attract them to mars. after the face was released to the public, it became a pop icon around the world. the face appeared in hollywood film, books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery store checkout lines. in the passage it says, some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. this is evidence that nasa wanted to hide from the public. some say that the defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. on april , , the mars global surveyor got close enough for a second look. garvin says, we had to roll the spaccraft  degrees to center the face in the field view. he also said, malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. in  each pixel spans . meters. compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. even though the scientists did not find out if it was alien who made the rocck formation or not, they tried very hard to try and find out. people are saying that the formation looks like the martian form of butte or mesa. other people ae saying they look like other landforms around the world. some scientists might think that aliens formed the face becuase of what it looks like. other scientists might think it is a natural formation. both answers could be correct, but they still dont know.