driverless cars are the wave of the future. some people may be skeptical of this futuristic idea, and it may seem abstract to some minds, but we need to put away our fears of change and embrace the innovation and technology that is continuing to drive us through the st century. we will be seeing driverless cars in the very near future and its important to hop on the bandwagon in order to help progress our generation. the devlopment of driverless cars is important for the convenience of everyday life, progession of technology, and increased safety while driving. driverless cars will bring so much ease and convenience. no longer will we have to worry about finishing work and having to eat a quick breakfast while driving, or having to manage children in a car while simultaneously paying attention to the road. further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. the advantage of not having to constantly be paying attention to the road could significantly help the driver by allowing them to focus more on whats going on in the car, and less on whats going on around it. while some people may be less afraid of their own car driving than potential mishaps of cars around them, smarter cars also have functions that quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. this would allow people to go about their business, but help us to be aware of whats going on around us when its necessary, overall making driving more efficient and convenient. another positive aspect of autonomous cars is the overall progression of technology. in the s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes and not too long before that cars themselves were developed. with the current rate of innovation and invention and cars being able to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves already, theres no doubt that eventually we will have cars able to drive  percent by themselves. these types of groundbreaking ideas coming to reality, pave the way for other such inventions and tehcnology to surface. there is no reason to stop the development of driverless cars because it would only be slowing the development of the human race. humans are an easily distractable species and the emergence of smarter cars would not only be more convenient and groundbreaking, but also ensure more safety of drivers while on the road. sensors are what make driverless cars able to drive on their own, and they allow far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. this is a huge advantage to our safety because a quick glance away from the road could mean missing something fatal and sensors are able to alert you the second something goes awry. this is done by use of headsup displays and such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take oversomething not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. cell phones and more importantly texting while driving is one of the main causes of deaths while driving and to allow people to be occupied while driving could mean the difference between life and death. the displays shown when something is wrong on the road also ensure nothing is being missed by the eyes of a driver. all in all safety of passengers is the largest issue car manufacturers deal with when designing a car, whether people drive it or its driving itself, and the responsibilty that these driverless cars are able to take on is monumental, and we should continue to let it grow to further ensure the safety of people everwhere. as i see it, the positives of the devlopment of driverless cars much outweigh the negatives. they bring convenience, technology, and safety into a world that thrives on all of those things. we dont want to sit back and stop history from happening, but be the ones who help to drive it forward. driverless cars are the thing of the future and embracing their devlopment will only better our lives.