when it comes to driverless cars there are many good points and bad points. for example when a driver is running late for work and dosent have time to get dressed, his car could take over and give them the time that they needs to do so. also if a driver is incapable of driving the car can do so untill the time where the driver can take over. there also a few draw backs from the driverless cars. first is the fact that computers break and in this case could lead to serious injury if not death. also at this point the cars themselves are not completely driverless, they still require some human interaction in cases like parking, accedents, and construction. then there is the fact that with less skill needed to be had in driving it could lead to less responseable drivers. also if a driver is texting while driving the driver wouldnt be able to see the notification that they need to take over. next is the fact that when a driver and or the car injures someone else whos fault is it the driver or the people who made it. that of whitch could lead to some problems later down the line. finnaly the problem with upgrades and updates how do they plan to send out the updated requirements for road safty. there are some facts that are still good for the driverless cars. first is the fact that all drivers get distracted at times and, with the driverless cars this could lead to geting rid of most of those human errors. next is the fact that this could lead to more reliable public transportation. allowing more stops to be made at the same time but, at different locations. also alot of the safty features allow for better friver safty withthe antilock breaks and the motion sencers that pick up alot of what humans cant find for themselves. that is the pros and the cons of driverless cars. first is the fact that less skill is needed to drive and could to less responsable drivers. then was the fact that computers break and glitch. after that was the safty features that come with the driverless cars to keep the drivers safe. finially was the safty of drivers when they get distracted.