dear state senator, most people in this country may argue that th electoral college is well layed out system in which according to source  in defense of the electoral college five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing a president the winnertakeall method of awarding electoral votes induces candidates to focus their campaign efforts on the tossup states, which means presidents are always looking for support from small states, which is based on population, to be voted for because in the big states little to no votes are accepted by the electoral college. i disagree, i believe that this method is wrong and unfair for the peope so i argue against it. to begin with, according to source  the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. because of the winnertakeall system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races on the swing states, this means that in some states one candidate might have a better chance of winning than the other candidate and even though a candidate is at disadvantage because the other takes all the votes because of the electoral college that candidate might win and the people of that state will not even know who is this winning candidate until they see him on tv as an actual prsident, which probably means that the winning candidate wont help that state because he does not know well enough about it. additionally, acording to source  the electoral college requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. so a solid regional favorite, such as romney ws in the south, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his plularity in states that he knows he will win, this means that in order to win the presidency a candidate must get to know other regions but because in this case mitt romney vs. barrack obama, obama was the regional favorite for the north romney was at a disadvantage, which is what the electoral college ultimately wants. to conclude with, i think that the method of using the electoral college to elect presidents is wrong and unfair. furthermore, according to source  its official the electoral college is unfair, outdate, and irrational. the best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality this means that the electoral college is just not fit for the modern democrat world of today and mostly people argue against it.