biking for a change by proper_name cities have come to the realization of how much pollution is being released into our air by motor vehicles. many cities and countries are taking part in this attempt to clear the air, such as germany, paris, columbia, and the united states. smog is hanging over many cities in a dull cloud, blocking the citizens lungs from receiving clean air but cities are starting to come to an understanding of how dirty our world is becoming. in a small town with the population of ,, vauban, germany, the streets are completely carfree, which does not include public transportation and certain roads meant for driving. if one wishes to own a car, they must purchase a car space with their home, costing a whopping ,.sourceparagraph this automatically discourages homeowners to purchase a car because of the steep price. the attempt to rid the air of pollution is gradually becoming more and more successful.  percent of vauban families do not own any motor vehicles, and  percent sold their cars to move to the small town. the united states environmental protection agency approves of this movement and is promoting car reduced communities. although this is occurs in the suburbs, it is hoped to spread into the cities as well. sourceparagraph paris came to the smart decision of a driving ban once their air was replaced with a filthy smog. all motorists that owned license plates with evennumbers were required to leave their cars at home for the day, or they would be fined. the same rule would apply to any motorists with oddnumbered plates the next day. evidently, it did not seem as if the people cared about the wellness of their planet, since , drivers were fined in a single day.  people were so furious with this law, their reactions cause them all to have their cars impounded.sourceparagraph the pollution was catastrophic enough to have paris challenging china for the record of the most polluted city in the world. after one day of a carless city, the smog cleared enough to revoke the ban for oddnumbered plates the next day. in an attempt for worldwide change, bogota, columbia creates a day without cars in the capital city holding  million inhabitants. many citizens partook in this act. they hoped to promote alternative transportation such as buses, biking, skating, hiking and walking to reduce pollution and have fresh air to breathe. any violators were to be fined a fee of . sourceparagraph this campaign began in the s and has resulted in the construction of  miles of bicycle paths, which is the highest amount of alternative transportation in any latin american city, according to the city mayor. sourceparagraph bogota has seemed to make the highest impact of cleaning out air pollution, and resulted in a more positive effect on every persons life. the motivation of people trying to clean up the human act of pollution and waste is abundant and consistent throughout the entire world. we are changing the daily enjoyment of our lives, animals lives, and the cleaness of the earth one step at a time. a study last year showed that driving by young adults decreased  percent between  and , which is a huge accomplishment on our part, compared to the earths well being in the past  years. sourceparagraph if we remain focused on the wellness of our planet and ourselves, the world can be a better place.