there are good arguements that you can have to be against the developement of driverless cars and for them. there would be benefits going either way but there would also be some downfalls. in my opinion, i argue against these cars. first of all, the developement of these cars requires a lot of money and time. the manufactures of these cars could be using that money and time much more effectively. a lot of these cars require new special roads that use magnets or electrical currents. these roads cost a lot of money and would replace regular roads that are perfectly fine. not to mention, most people would probably still have normal cars so the roads would only be for the few who get these self driving cars. another important issue is safety. self driving cars arent always going to accurate. technology isnt accurate all the time and driving is something that i feel like shouldnt be left for technology to do. people should have to be aware of their own surroundings and drive their own cars. i feel like people wwould get used to just having technology do everything for them and eventually people wouldnt even have to learn to drive to have a car. these self driving cars are not able to drive in work zones, construction sites, or any type of accident which is where you need to be the most cautious. not to mention, these cars allow you to do other activivties while youre driving since you dont have to be actively driving the car at all times. people could text or be on their phones or do soemthign else that distracts hem completely. having a signal might not always be effective. people might also have to wait periods of time to drive themselves and this could cause people to get bored and start to get tired. if someone fell aslep at the wheel and then needed to direct the car, it would just cause an accident. while on the subject of accidents, those could be a problem as well. it could cause many legal problems if there was some type of accident in the car. people could say that it was the person in the car driving or they could say it was the cars fault. once you blame the car for the accident that brings in the makers of the car which starts a whole legal mess. in my opinion, these self driving cars arent a good idea and peopleshould just stick to driving the cars themselves. i think that they would do more bad than good in the long run.they could cause problems with safety, legal issues, and finacial issues. we should just stick to driving the cars like we always have.