in the passage, many examples were given why venus is so dangerous to study. even though the neighboring planet may very dangerous to study, the author supports the idea that venus is a worthy pursuit by describing the reasons why scientists would want to study the planet, and the different ideas that were created to help scientists gain more information. the author has given many examples of how earth and venus are alike. in paragraph , it stated, astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported carious forms of life, just like earth. scientists would want to study venus because there may be forms of life on venus that no one might know about. the paragraph also stated, today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and icludes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. not only does venus may have different forms of life, but the planet also has features that planet earth has as well. scientist would want to study more to see how those formed and how that might lead into more information about the planet. paragraph  also mentioned, futhermore, recall that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frams of space travel. during different times, mars and venus can be closer to earth. scientists are already studying mars, and with venus being so close, they would also want to study it too. for the planet being so close, it would not take that much time to travel. the author of the excerpt has also given information of how the scientists could reach their destination, venus. in paragraph , it said, nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray...just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hover venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. this is an idea of how scientists could study venus. the author also compared the technology that people have down on earth can help create a solution to get up in space to study. with hovering over the planet, temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit as stated in paragraph , the pressure would not be as bad. the pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. even though the conditions are still not that great, the survival rate of humans going to venus would be higher. the author also gave other examples of how people can study venus. in paragraph , it said, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the choas of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. the author of the excerpt is explaining that nasa has tested an idea that may work out for research of the planet due to the conditions. with the silicon carbide electronics, they may be able to help gather information without burning up right when it reaches to venus. the paragraph also mentioned, another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. the reason that they would use old technology because it deals with older materials, levers and gears. modern technology would be more delicate in space. the author also mentioned, by comparison, systems that use machanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. the author explained why using older technology would help with the other project the scientists are working on rather than using modern technology. with the challenges of the pressure, heat, and other factors that venus has, the planet is still worth studying. the author have put it into perspective that even though things may be challenging, there are ways to accomplish what the people want. by explaining how venus is compared to earth, it will put more determination of gathering information about venus that no one has figured out before. the different ideas of how people can get up to venus is another way to present why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it has. with the dangerous factors that scientists face with venus, it is still a planet in the sky that is worth studying.