the evening star, while being a planet it still shines bright in our solar system, and it has the heat to back it up. while being the closest related to earth out of the rest of our solar system even refered to as earths twin, paragraph  , it still is nearly unlivible to most if not all forms of life in its current state. some scientists however believe that venus was very life sustaining a long time ago, it is believed that it even had oceans! all of this and people still believe that we should make this endeavor and try our hands at getting there and getting back alive, and it is possible while being extremly difficult. the author of the passage the challenge of exploring venus also believes that we should do our best to get there despite all of the challenges. while venus is a very hot place, the author lists ways to overcome this obstacle. in paragraph  the author talks about how the national aeronautics and space administration nasa has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. their idea was a blimp like vehicle that would float above the fray of many of venuss obstacles such as the helllike heat. the blimp would put the vehicle  miles above the surface making the tempature only  degrees fahrenheit, instead of a boiling  degrees fahrenheit. this vehicle would also help stay above the hazardous ground conditions. making this a reliable vehicle and a good point to make in the authors passage. the author points out in paragraph  how similar venus is to earth, and how it is sometimes the closet planet to earth out of the universe. this point it helpful because it points out how venus used to be very inhabitable, and how it still could be today with some help from modern technology for life. so for the author this was a very helpful point to include for the arguement. the author also included how the landmarks on venus point towards it used to having oceans, and this is amazing because so far it has been extremly if not impossibly rare to have found water in other places in the universe. in paragraph  the author states that long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. this is a very compelling point because it proves that venus was hospitable at some point in its life time, poking at the curiousty of the human race. having said all this i believe that the author made a very compelling point towards exploring venus. even though there are many dangerous obstacles in the human races way, the author believes that it truly is possible to explore this beutiful planet. in paragraph  the author states our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. this part of the passage i believe came from the authors heart, and the arguement made throughout was truly a tremendous one.