driverless cars should not be coming. some people may think that this is a cool and fun idea, but it is not safe for the driver or pedestrians. there are many flaws to driverless cars that should be addressed and taken seriously. this situation could be very dangerous. the driverless cars cannot even fully function by itself. having the car be driverless someone could fall asleep from being bored or they are expecting the car to do all the work and not need their help. if the car ended up needing human assistance, because they are not totally driverless, the person would be asleep and not take over, which could cause a wreck. they could hit a pedestrian and get arrested or get charges pressed against them. even worse the person wouldnt have even been aware of what was happening beacuse they were asleep and that could have gotten them injured as well. another flaw to these cars is that it can cause people to become very lazy. everyone would get used to not having to drive themselves around so they would start expecting to not have to do even more things. they would become very dependent of other people and things around them. it would teach children to not learn to do things for themselves and become independent. they would expect everything to be done for them by their parents, siblings, teachers etc. in the passage it said they would have taxis as the driverless cars and then no one would have to have cars anymore. if they make taxis the driverless cars and they do not need any drivers that would result in job loss for all of the taxi drivers. not everyone has a college degree and can get a big job so being a taxi driver is all they can do. if that is taken away from them they are left with no job and no way to pay bills or provide for their families. this would cause their families to go into debt and suffer just because there was now driverless cars. driverless cars are not something that the world should have. they can make people lazy, are dangerous, and could cause job loss. just because it seems like a cool idea, does not mean it is a good idea. other people around the world have to be taken into consideration and all of the consequences of the cars have to be looked at and taken very seriously.