the face on mars is in fact not created by aliens, but a natural land form. although you and many other people believe the conspiracy theorists and their ideas, they are simply untrue and illogical. i hope that my evidence will convince you to stop believing in what is untrue. first off, when the face was discovered, it was a surprise among mission controllers back at the jet propulsion lab when it appeared on their monitors. however, the sensation was short lived. scientists figured out that it was just another martian mesa. martian mesas are also quite common around cydonia, the region where them face was discovered. although photographing cydonia became a priority for nasa, very few scientists actually believed that the fce was an alien artifact. on aprril , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking  photos. when the first image appeared on a jpl web site, it rtevealed nothing but a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. since not everyone was satisfied with the images taken by the mars orbiter camera team, because of it being the cloudy winter season on mars, on april , a cloudless summer day in cydonia mars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. in the article unmasking the face on mars jim garvin says, we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to the center of the face in the field of view. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. each pixel in the  image spans . meters compared to the  meters per pixels in the best  viking photo. the same article also claims that even after all of that work, the picture actually shows the martain equivalent to a butte or mesa. finally, buttes and mesas are not only common in cydonia, but also common in the american west, disproving that the face was was created by aliens. in the article mentioned before, jim garvin states that the face reminds him of the middle butte and the snake river plain in idaho, which is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. ultimately, with all of the research scientists have done on the face, all of the images taken, and the evidence shown, you can clearly see that the face is not an alien monument, but only natural landform that just happens to have an odd shape.