we should keep the electoral college its a good process and it keeps us from having the problem of elections in which no candidates receives a majority of the votes cast. like in  with nixon and in  in clinton were they only got  percent plurality of the popular votes but with the electoral college which invariably produces a clear winner. the electoral college method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no chance of carrying their state democrats in texas, an idea of this is like a republicans in california. the electoral college needs a presidential candidate to have have trans regional appeal like south,northeast,etc. with the elecoral college is un likely than a dispute over the popular vote. it happened in  because that the winning candidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. a example is in , obama received . percent of the electoral vote compared to only . percent of the popular votes cast for him and romney. the electoral college is widely regarded as a anachronism, a non demorcratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overpowered by declaring the candidate who get the most popular votes the winner. the advocates of this position are right in debatingthat the electoral college method is not democratic in a modern sense it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. when u vote youre not voting for the presidential u pick yorre actually voting for a slate of electoes. both party each selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee but that trust is rarely betrayed however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. the electoral college is good to stay. the electoral college helps with certainty of outcome, everyones president, swing states,big staes, avoid run off elections. a tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total of numbers of votes are  is an even number but it is highly unlikely. the new president will have no regard for their interests,that he really isnt their president. the most thoughtful voters should be the the ones to decide the election. so other being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign tham a samll state does. voters in a presidential elections are people who want to express a political prefernce rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.