i am against driverless cars,because even though they said the car will alert the driver when the car cannot complete an action. you still have to think about the fact of if the car doesnt stop in time to let the driver get ahold of the wheel. in paragraph  it said even if the traffic laws change, new laaws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident., because what if the computer system crashes and the driver gets into an accident. it also says in paragraph  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? driverless cars may seem like a perfect thing but in reality theres still flaws to the cars, they may not be big flaws but those flaws even tiny onescan cause a big accident. what if the car alerts the driver that there is something ahead the car cannot navigate itself through and the car doesnt stop and the drivers not paying attention and they get into an accident. whos fault would that specific crash be? the drivers or the manufacturers? itd be hard to decide, because of the fact of the car not stopping and the driver not paying attention to the car and its directions and warnings. plus the car still needs human skills to navigate through work zones and difficult areas that the car itself cannot navigate through on its own. in paragraph seven it states that the human driver must stay alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires them to. it also states that gm has developed seatsthat vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into any object, and its states that none of the cars developed yet are completely driverless so the human driver needs to stay well aware of his or her surroundings in case of an object being behind the car or difficult areas in front of the car. so what if the car messes up and causes the human driver to get into an accident even though the driver was paying attention to the road and the surroundings around him or her,attempting to get control of the wheel. in the end of paragraph seven it states that while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. while that may seem like a good thing you still have to think of the fact that the car can still make minor or major mistakes while driving the driver around. even though the driverless car may seem like a wonderful idea i still disagree with them and say its a very bad idea,because the computer system could make a mistake just like any human driver could. so therefore i still highly disagree with the driverless car idea.