ever wonder what someone is feeling? are they mad? are they sad? there have been many cases in which i could not tell how someone was feeling. but new technology has been created to predict a subjects emotion state based on muscle position. acording to this creation, the mona lisa is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. does this creation the facial coding system work? could it be benifitial? i believe using this technology to read students emotional expressions could be very benifitial because it could read peoples emotion status, it could detect threats, and it could be used to force information i believe it is benifitial because it can read emotional states. for example, students in a classroom. say one student could be happy and another could be tired, but theres that one student who is frightened and needs help and wont ask for it. with this new software the teacher could recognize the students failure to understand and help. in the article it says, if you smile when a webcam appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this text evidence suggests that the software can calculate dislike and like emotions and correct them if needed. i believe it is benifitial because it could detect possible threats. for example, fight in a classroom. in the classroom keeping student under control is a big must in a public school, but with the new software it can pick up any form of anger and will notify the teacher right away. students are prone to violence because they do not know right from wrong and it can be very dangerous without proper control. in the text it says, the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. what this means is that the new software could calculate a precise d image and determine someones emotional state. i believe its is benifitial because it can be used to forcefully remove information. for example, student who cheat in class. during test it can be hard sometime to catch student who cheats, and when you confront them they refuse and say they didnt. with the new technology and software it can detect any fear or another emotions to prove if they cheated or not. in the text is says,  the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang, even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression like not smiling as broadly. this means that even though each smile, frown, or other muscle movement is universal and can be detected by the software. in conclusion, the software can be very useful. time will continue to grow our technology and soon we wont have to worry about guessing peoples emotions. so students can be unpredictable when it comes to behaving and learning, but with the new software it can predict almost about anything about the student. i believe using this technology to read students emotional expressions could be very benifitial because it could read peoples emotion status, it could detect threats, and it could be used to force information.