the reason i think the the rock that resembles a face is a natural landform is because. we have never seen aliens and we dont know they exist. another reason is as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bugger than the pixel size,. the last reason i think it was a natural landform is because what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. the first reason i think that the face is a natural landform is because. we have never seen aliens before and have no idea that they exist. some supporting details for that statement are there was no alien monument after all. another supporting detail is if theyre were aliens we would have of found them by now. thats my first reason why i think that its a natural landform. the second reason i think that the face is a natural landform is because. as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size,. some supporting details are so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!. another supporting detail is each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo.. thats the second reason i think the face is a natural landform. the last reason i think that the face is a natural landform is because. what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. some supporting details are landforms common around the american west.. another supporting detail is it reminds me most of the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho,. thats the last reason i think the face is a natural landform. those are the reasons i think that the face on mars is an natural landform. one, we have never never seen aliens and we dont know that they exist. second, as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size,. the last reason is what the picture shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. those are the reasons i think the face on mars is an natural landform.