venus is an unknown planet, despite being so close to us. it is hostile, and no human could survive on its surface. but some think it is possible to reach the surface and study venus up close. it has many dangers in the way of progress. its clouds contain sulfuric acid, and its thick atmosphere is made up of almost  percent carbon dioxide. the pressure on the surface in  times greater than that of earth, and temperatures reach over  degrees fahrenheit. it boasts the hottest surface tempuature of any planet in the solar system, and has erupting volcanos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent bursts of lightning that impeade probes and rovers exploring the surface. but some think it is still a possiblity to go to the hostile planet. the author of the article believes it is possible to reach and explore the surface despite the danger. the author supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers in presents by explaining that it may have once been earthlike a very long time ago, that it is the closest planet to earth for exploration, and how scientists are now testing ways to get on the surface without any casualties. the author gives support by explaining the fact the surface of venus was once earthlike, and that it had many of the features that earth has on its current surface. it is amazing to think that such a unsuitable planet could have once been eathlike, but being near as it is to earth, it is not entirely impossible. the author tells how many have made comparisons to earth based on its current surface, astronomers are fascinated by venus because of it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system....today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. the feature the author talks about are very earthlike, so the possiblity of it once being like a utopain planet are not dim. he point out the valleys, mountains, and craters that can be seen around the surface. maybe the craters were the cause of the hostility on the planet, and its inhabitent were wiped off the planet by a imbargement of asteriods and possibly comets. and the crashs caused climate change, thus shifting the planet into its demise for supporting life. but if it is so close, couldnt this be true, that venus was once in the goldilocks zone, and while earth formed, venus was the planet of life. after all, it is our neighbor. the author continues to support his ideas of exploration by pointing out the fact that venus is, at most times, the closest planet to us, mars being a bit more distant. it is often called our sister planet, as we have very much in common with venus. the author explains how closly were related to venus, and why we chose to explore it, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of desity and size.....futhermore, recall the venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. it is about the same size, and relativly close, so it is one of the obvious choices. it is also noted that in space, time matters. if you dont get to the planet quick, your ship could lose oxygen, your could run out of food, or you might miss the planet when it goes through rotation, making harder to get home and less likely to reach the planet another time. although it is hard to make the surface of venus, it is our closest option and is more like us, thus making it more suitable. the question for scientists is how. this question may not be solved for a long time, but already, scientists are making advaces toward the next landing on venus. the author also supports his idea of venus exploration by showing ways that people are making advaces toward a possible landing. new technologies and old technologies alike are being combined to make the landing last, and for futher exploration. the author shares some of the developments made by scientist recently, imagine a blimp like vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitide to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground condition by staying up and out of thier way. another advance includes using new material the protect electronics and other computer equipment in the hostile environment, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the choas of the venus surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. nasa has made significant advance in the pursuit of getting onto the most earthlike hostile planet in the solar system. new discoveries continue to be made, and soon the expedition for venus will be underway. the author has supported his claim throughout the article that studying venus would be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by explaining its likeness to earth, its closeness in proximity, and how scientists are advancing closer toward the goal of landing. humans have done things like this before. the  moon landings, for example, were thought to be impossible, but through human drive and motivation, we achieved this goal, and now we are faced with a new challenge, venus. but with the same human drive and motivation that put man on the moon, people will explore our twin planet, and uncover its greatest secrets.