imagin waking up to a peaceful sound, which means that there is barely cars outside. no traffic, no noise. would in you like that. many people probably have desired this. people would wake up in a more relaxed, joyful mood. since there is bearly cars outside. you could get to work or somewhere else faster, without traffic being the isue. you could also walk or cruse the road without any accedents. yes, i think that they should limit the car usage. to begin with, cars have a negavite effect. in source  it states that in previous bills,  percent of appropiations have by law gone to highways and only  percent to other transport. which this means is that more money is going to repair highways. instead of this money going to other couses like to student education. i n source  it says after days of near record pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. cars are cousing air pollution which is bad for the envirenment. pollution is bad for the air. the air becomes toxic, that one day we will no be able to breath in it. also in source  cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. this is one of the ways that car pollution is effecting the earth and its atmosphere. the plants will start to die because the air toxic. this does not just effect the plants or air it also effects us and animals ina way. we are used to breathing clean air that when its toxic, our lungs will not function right, and we could also die. moreover, in many places they are using programs. in source  in a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a carfree day yesterday,leaving the street of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. avoiding cars is a good thing because instead of driving everywhere, they can finally enjoy thier surroundings. they would just go to the place they need to go and back home. that was their life. with that one day they can realize that they are missing out on a beautiful day. in source  new yorks new bikesharing program anhd its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new prioities, as do a proliferation of carsharing programs across the nation. thes programs can help them by doing new things. instead of their regular rutin. trying new things can open your point of mind. in the other hand, no, i think that they should not limit the car usage.