everyday technology is becoming more and more elabrate. some of the things humans are creating are phenominal, and some of the creations are junk. all the new idea flooding out of our minds dayley are deffinatly changing our tomorrow, but one in particular that could change us forever are driverless cars. scientist are slowly creating cars that will no longer need a driver. they are creating sensors all around the car that detect anything comming twoards them. they have yet to perfect these cars because they cant get the computer to understand the skills of driving in traffic, or anything unusual about the road like road blocks. also many states will not agree to even let them test these vehicles there because the law states the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. p l personally i do not think this creation is one of our better ideas. i do not like this idea because i love driving. i love being able to take control of my car and make it go as fast or slow as i want. driving is a great responsiblity to have. i just dont see how letting a machine do everything for us is fun. also these driverless cars are something that was simply too expensive to be practical p l all the money put into these cars would make them nearly impossible to buy to about anyone who is not rich. many other people will deffinatly disagree with me, and they might say that this will be a much safer alternative. yes, it could be much safer because we would not have to worry about texting and driving, drunk driving, or any type of reckless driving. what happens if that computer in your car stops work that one time, that time that you had your face burried in your phone or you were drunk. i am deffinatly not trying to say that these cars are a horrible idea because i see how they could come in handy. i just believe that technology like this takes the fun away during everyday life. i believe these driverless cars could not only be taking away from our fun, but they could possibley even take away from our safety. we never know how well these computers will work, and if they fail to work it might be devestatlng. we are not just talking about the machines getting damaged anymore we are taking about us, humans, becoming injured or even dead.