in the passage driverless cars are coming, there are many faults, but postive details as well. i am against the driverless cars idea ,because i feel like it has many fault,not really a driverless car,and is not prefected enough. i am against driverless cars, because its programming has many faults. in the passage they say thatthe sensor werent there the computers werent there , and the mapping wasnt there.. that shows that the cars still need a lot of work on becoming driverless persay. not only did they have technology issues it has cost issues. the prompt paragraph  states that radar was a device on hilltop that cost  million dollars.it wasnt somthing you could buy at radio shack. the technology that you would need is not cost effective or ready to hit the streets until they get some of the kinks out. my second reason for being against driverless cars is , because the car is really not driver less. in the passage it says in fact, none of the cars developed are completely driverless. the cars need actual humans to assist the car because the car is not programed for traffic or road blocks. even in the passage it saysthis means the human driver must remain alert and be able to take over when a situation require. you can not simply take a nap and the car will get you to where you need to go you have to say awake and pay attention incase of rerouting. thirdly i strong am against the driverless car because its not perfected enough. the car doesnt abide by the united states laws in more then one state in the passage it states the in most states even to test a computer driven car is illegal. california ,nevada,florida and even district of columbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semiautonomous cars due to the fact of driving laws. the main idea of the laws are to keep people safe and not in accidents and hurting others. even if they were legal it says even if traffic laws change,new laws will be needed in oreder to cover liability in the case of an accident. in conclusion driverless cars has many faults, not really a driverless car ,and isnt perfected enought to put on the rode. if the technology fails and somone is injured. who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? could you live with creating somthing and somone dies at your fault? its up to you you have to decide.