in this new age people are starting to realize that drving car is really bad for the enviroment. they realize that there is a better way to get to point a to point b. alternative transportation. for example in vauban, germany residents of this city has made this city into a car free city. they use bicycles or they walk to their destination. this has reduced the air pollution of their area immensily. this has been a growing trend in europe and it has been getting heard about around the world. they call it smart planning. in paris, france the population has reached record high polution for the amount of driving. paris enforced a partial driving ban to try to clear the emmisions and pollution of paris. on monday people with even numbered liscence plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or pay a  dollar fine. the same would apply the next day to the odd liscence plates. this was very effective because about  percent of traffic was reduced in paris andafter a week or so the smog was reducing and the city of paris was becoming cleaner. another example is in bogota, colombia. they have a catr free day every year where evrybody in the capitol city would not be allowed to drive a single car except for city buses and taxis. every body was crowding the streets with bicycles or walking to where they had to go. everybody seemed happy and relaxed. other neighboring major cities in colombia had started to do it to and it is sparking a revolution across the whole continent to make a free car day. many recreation centers and shopping centers have risen and flourished. new sidewalks and roads have been reeplaced with new even surfaces and it just keeps growing every year. as a result there are many ways to change this unsafe enviroment of car pollution. and reducing car emmisions will be a huge difference in our enviroment. but everything starts out with ourselves to make a change in the world and if we can work together to make this change the world will become a better, and safer place for us.