researchers, scientisits, car makers, they all have been trying to make a car that has special features such as drivless cars. sure it is great to have a car that just drives by itself rather than someone driving it, it can also be very dangerous. almost every sngle person has their own crazy, awesome ideas, and when they have that idea, of course they want to create that idea. in this case smart cars that do not require drivers. although google is already making new cars that have smart and futuristic feautures, they still have not developed a car that does not require a driver, yet. we all know that technology has been rapidly developing today, and without technology, it is has do imagine todays world. what will we do without cars? will we walk  or  miles? no. so to think about it, it is hard to do what we do without technology or without someones crazy idea. in paragraph , it says that people started trying to develop their own ideas on cars since late s. such as electrical cable cars or cars that use magnetic feilds to move, it worked out fairly well but it was too expensive to cover the costs. i think it will be the same for driverless cars, it might work out well but it will be too expensive. to make the driver less carm it will either take few years or it will take decades to make them. now for people who do not like driving, driverless cars be an advantage for them. we all know that driving can be tiring or boring sometimes so having a driverless car would be nice and driving will be more fun to have the car to move itself just like dr. werner huber said. however, if people are going to make of one these cars, it has to be safe, safety is a big concern for everyone. as today, people are trying and making cars that move by itslef and when the driver wants to drive, it can be turned off. although automakers are still trying to make an ideal car that moves by itself as soon as they can, i think that it is wrong to make this kind of car. to safelt drive a car, i think that the driver should drive the car, not just autopilot driving the car as in the traffic law. but to really make a choice, i think that it is better to wait for the automakers to make the car and have them test it so we all can make our choices.