the author of the challenge of exploring venus suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. from the dangers said in the article, its more supporting the reasons as to why scientists shoud not pay a visit to venus. before a reader can make their decision, the last point made in the article has said that dangers should not limit anyone pursuing a goal. while that statement has been said, there is more mention of the pessimistic side thorughout the entire article. said author has supported the idea of exploring venus in poorly way. at the beginning, it has introduced venus to be peaceful on the outside. as the author describes the weather conditions beyond the clouds, danger lies ahead. readers will think to themselves that the article is trying to pursuade them not to visit venus. in the article, each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades,  the author has described the risks all the way until paragraph . it isnt until the ending of paragraph six when the author tries to start pursuading to the reader that there are solutions hastily. beginning or paragraph seven in the article, the author wrote about the new technology that could advance if scientists were to visit venus. while this can be pursuading, only new technology and knowledge will be found. according to the article, just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin,  it will be difficult if venus has melted the robots sent there. if the author had been more pursuasive when they mentioned the possibility of creating new technology, then the negativity would have been beneath. last of all, paragraph eight has the smallest paragraph out of all. the author explains that curiousity will drive scientists to meet the challenges of venus. it can be infered to the readers that the author has made little pursuation upon taking on venus. in the article, ...human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors, the author did not support their idea for this section. reading the last paragraph is not enough to truly support the idea of exploring venus any further due to the lack of motivation. author of the challenge of exploring venus has not supported the idea thoroughly. with too much description of the weather, their pursuation not enough to support their idea, and their lack of motivation, the readers can infer that this article is not well supporting the main idea of visiting venus. readers can misunderstand the message at the beginning. the author could have lossened the negativity and add more reasons as to why visiting venus is important.