although it seems that the main reason for trying to explore and study venus is just to learn more about the planet, however the author does have another reason. they believe that exploring venus will allow the human race to conduct more dangerous missions. the author mentions several improvement to our technology and methods of exploration that are proving to be more usefull in trying to learn more about venus. firstly, the author mentions that venus is the planet most similar to earth, however, it is more dangerous. in paragraph , it is mentioned that the planets surface temperature can reach  degrees fahrenheit and the atmosphere is almost completely made of carbon dioxide making it inhabiltal. yet, the author mentions several ways that nasa is trying to overcome these obstacles. to begin with, in paragraph , it is mention that nasa believes that a possible solution could be creating a vehicle that would hover about  miles above the surface. this vehicle would allow astronauts to remain near venus without having to stay on the planets dangerous surface. however this idea wont actually help astronauts study venus, since the dense atmosphere wont allow any visible sign of the surface without getting closer. although unable to help astronauts to actually explore venus, this vehicle can be used as a type of station or base near venus to collect research or as shelter to the astronauts. this vehicle could be used on different planets as well eventually, there could be a base on any planet that is too dangerous for mankind. this could be one of the many possible ways to improve our abilities for future space travel. improvements like these are why the author believes that the human race should continue to try to study venus. more important changes for space exploration are the improvements in out technology. in paragraph  it is mentioned that our current forms of taking pictures and videos cant be used unless close to the ground however, the materials for these devices would melt if theyre too close to the surface. for planets similar to venus, with hazardes surfaces and inmense heat, a possible solution can be using old technology. looking back at the article, in paragraph  some simplified devices last longer in conditions resembling venus. another use of simplier and older technology can be the use of mechanical computers to send and collect information. since these computers dont require electronics to work they can be built of stronger materials that can overcome all the challenges found on venus. like mentioned in the previous paragraph, these new changes are why the author believes that mankind should keep trying to explore venus because it will all help in future explorations to similarly dangerous planets. in conclusion, the author supports the idea that studying venus is worth persuing despite the dangers because it can help in trying to explore similar planets. the advances that are made in trying to explore venus can change the future of space travel in ways never seen before. these new explorations can lead the human race to explore the entire galaxy and maybe find life within the stars.