have you ever wanted to get away from home, see the world, and have the amazing opportunity to help others? if you have, this is the job for you! sign up to be a seagoing cowboy. you can travel the world, meet all kinds of people, all while helping many people in need. have you ever wanted a way to fill your service time, without actually having to fight? becoming a seagoing cowboy is the best way to do it! i served two years in service before i was discharged, without ever stepping foot near a weapon, battlefield, or military base. while others risked their lives, i was taking care of horses and cattle, seeing the world, and helping others without ever having to be in dangerous situations. another reason i was happy to have joined the seagoing cowboys is, like ive said before, i had the rare and amazing experience of seeing parts of the world i would never get to see. i saw places such as europe and china, but what really was special was seeing the acropolis in greece. i was also breath taken when i took a gondola ride in venice, italy, as i called it a city with streets of water. i also got to tour an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on my way to china. without becoming a seagoing cowboy i never would have had any of these amazing experiences. besides helping out with others, getting to see amazing places, and filling my service time, i had fun on the trip itself! i enjoyed tending to the animals and this will be especially fun for people who love or appreciate live stock, we had tabletennis tournaments, we fenced, boxed, whittled, and played many other games. of course you could bring books or board games along with you as well! on the return trip after we had already unloaded the animals we could play baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where the animals had been housed. perhaps the best part about this is that when i signed up, i was a normal boy with a highschool degree and working two parttime jobs. i didnt have to have any certification, degrees, or even a full time job. i was completely average until i signed up. if you wanted to, you could sign up right now without a degree or training. last but not least, this job will make you aware of how lucky you are that you have the opportunites you have, that your country isnt war stricked, that we arent completely devastated. joining this really helped me and my family realise this fact. to recap, there are many different reasons to join the seagoing cowboys. get away from home for a time, while visiting places like china or italy, have lots of fun playing games on deck and tending to the animals, all while filling your service time, plus you dont have to have any special qualification! the whole ordeal really made me happy of my current life it helped me realise how lucky i am. for all these reasons i think joining the seagoing cowboys is the quintissetnial thing to do.