cars are becoming a dying trend all over the world. more and more people choose to walk, ride bikes, take busses, or use alternative forms of transportation. car companies seem to be losing business also. with more and more drives becoming pedestrians each day, it seems that private automobiles will soon be replaced by the old method of transportation, walking. this new option of transportation seems to be becoming a trend everywhere. less cars means less polution. major cities that are filled with cars seem be becoming more and more polluted each day. big cities such as paris have taken major action, such as to temporarily ban driving, to reduce smog production. an article from the chicago tribune statesafter days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. pollution is becoming a big problem all over the world. alternative transportation is one way you can help stop the pollution all over the world. more exercise is allowed without cars. withour cars, people are forced to get up and move to their destination instead of just sitting down your whole life. obesity is becoming a big problem now all over the world but it has a very big impact in america. more people need more exercise and getting rid of cars is an excellent solution. even with riding a bus, you would have to get up and walk to the bus stop. alternative transportation could be the new big thing in exercise. you can save money without a car. due to inflation, cars cost a ludacris amount of money in modern day. people spend their whole lives trying to pay off an automobile. not only do you have to pay off the automobile itself but you must also pay for the gas, parts, and tools that come with it, which price continues to rise. it is also getting harder to find money and jobs as unemployement also rises while many salaries fall. it is very important to save your money and current day and maybe spend it on something more useful than an automobile. as automobiles begin to become scarce among many counties, more and more benefits come with alternative transportation. the benefits of being able to save money, the ability to get in physical shape and to exercise more, and the ability to be smog free are all extremeley important in todays society and enviornment. automobile businesses are even thinking of partnering with other companies that produce products such as bikes, busses, or even making more sidewalks for pedestrians with alternative transportation. our economy may be falling but our enviorment is flourishing. giving up cars and alternative transportaion may be the next big thing. use alternative transportation to save our earth and for the benefits that come along with it.