cars are very important to the life of a modern person. the car gets you where you need to go in the time that you want to go in. there are ways to limit car usage and still get your transportation to where you need to go. there are some advantages to not using cars all the time. one advantage is that if we stop using cars, then pollution will drop drastically. another advantage to us not using cars is that we get plenty of excercise while we do other things than just sit in our cars. paris, france. known for being the city of love, but doesnt have a certain love for cars. they banned car usage after days of nearrecord pollutionsource  paragraph . in order to make sure that the residents dont use their cars still the placed a euro fine  for anyone still drivingsource  paragraph . after only just a few days, congestion was down almost  percent in the capital of france source  paragraph . in the united states, most kids these days arent driving as much as they used to. they are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses each year source  paragraph . if this keeps up, then alot of sociologist think that this will have a huge effect on the environmet, which will lead to the end of pollution problemssource  paragraph . this advantage of having less car usage will not only help the earth, but it also will help the things on the earth including us humans and animals. the final advantage that limiting car usage is that we will have plenty of excercise. a mother of two that had a car but the sold it in germany said  when i had a car i was always tense, im much happier this waysource  paragraph . she usually walks down the street to and from wherever she goes. excercising is great for your health and you can just start by walking, biking, skating, roller blading and many more ways to get to where you need to go. in bogota, columbia millions of people hiked , biked, skated, or took buses to work source  paragraph . its good oppurtunity to take away stress... source  paragraph  said businessman carlos artura plaze when he was asked about the banning of cars for the third straight year in germany source  paragraph . stress isnt good for your health and excercising is great on removing that stress from your body. excersisng is a great advantage to limited car usage because you reduce stress, work out, and feel better all while you get to where you need to go at the same time. the advantages that everyone gets from limited car usage is that the pollution will go down, and you get better excercise. if pollution goes down then you will have a better earth for everyone to enjoy, but you cant enjoy the earth if its congested with polutted air. you also get great excercise when you walk, bike, skate to wherever you need to go instead of sitting in a car to go to your destination. these are only some of the advantages that you get when you choose to limit your car usage, but there are plenty more that you will experience as soon as you limit the usage of cars.