dear fellow citizens. having a car could sometimes be great, whenever you want to go somewhere really fast a car can be really convenient, or sometimes your work can be really far and you need that car to go there sometimes quickly, but then theres that traffic and the aggresive drivers who want to kick your butt because your honking the horn at them to move faster, then they come at you with a baseball bat and their waiting for you outside of your car for you to get out, then they start hitting your car with the baseball bat cause you didnt come out, then you start driving off as fast as you can away from that crazy person when you see a cop car in the corner and they turn on their sirens for you to stop the car they come up to you and tell you to give them your licence and registration. you convince the officer that your gonna be late for work, you tell him about the aggresive driver story but he doesnt believe you cause hes one of those curropted cops and gives you not only a speeding ticket but also a ticket for having the lights brokn that the aggresive driver broke with the baseball bat. then you go rushing to your work when you see your boss looking at you all disapointed, he tells you to go to his office. when your in his office he tells you to pack your stuff cause your out. then you go home really depreased cause you dont know how your gonna pay the tickets not only that but you have no work and you have to pay the rent next week or else your out. then you have nothing to pay the rent and your out of your house homeless with nothing and you go to jail for not paying the tickets. see how much problems someone can make for having a car. driving can cause a lot of stress with the traffic or it can be really tense like it said in the article. automobiles can be really dependent for people and it can sometimes cause trouble. reducing car usage can also effect your health in a possitive way, just like vaubans city,  of people do not own a car, most walk or use bicycles which is really healthy you could be more social and can hear the chatter of wandering children said in the article by heidrun walter, and according to her, life could be more happier without a car. cars causes polution, it makes the air much dirtier and creates smogs. and it affects peoples health, we shouldnt be using cars as much as we do today, im not saying we should ban cars forever but we need to do something about this, there should be a rule or a program like the carfree day thats in bogota according to the text. or have a day in which the government announces numbers in a cars plates and those cars that have those numbers in the plate cant drive or else theyll be fined. something like this have worked in colombia, and other countries were amazed. with modern technology, i find cars unnecessary if you want to go to a friends house just to talk to him, when with the technology you could just text them or call them with your cellphone, theres already social media for that. in the article it says that , theres also virtual jobs where peoples work are in their own house and they dont even have to go outside, maybe if we increase those types of jobs people wouldnt have to drive that much and cause that much polution and smug.