trying and studying new things can turn out to be good even though there could be negative tihngs about it. in this article the author tell us on how studying venus can turn out to be good even though it has some dangers in it. he talks about how venus is almost identical to earth and why we should try to study it. in the second through third paragraph he mentions on why he says scientists dont like to really study venus. he mentions how the planet is hot for us too study and how  of it is covered by a carbon dioxide atmosphere. also he mentions how our spacecraft cant last more than a few hours. he says that none of that should stop us from studying venus because there is lots of good things about that planet. he mentions how venus was once a earthlike planet in our solar system long ago. he also says how venus was probably covered by ocean and had life in the planet just like earth. he mentions in a praragraph on how some venus has some analogous features just like earth. in prargraph  he says  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and crates. also he says how venus could be our closest option for a planet visit because it is right next to earth just like mars is. in other paragraphs he mentions how nasa is trying to send some humans to go out and study venus by sending them there. he mentions how they can use a hovering vehicle to stay out of the storms to be albe to study the planet. the paragraph also says how it would be  degrees fahrenheit , but the pressure would be close to sea level on earth. it also says how the conditions may not be be easy, but it could be survivable for humans. studying venus could turn out to be a good thing for all of us humans. there could be new things to learn about the planet that could probably help us here on earth one day. even though there is some critical conditions on the planet it shouldnt stop us from studying it. so all we have to do is give venus a chance for study.