having a limit on car usuage has many advantages to it. this limitation mainly benefits the people and the enviroment. a major advantage of the limitation is to help the people. many of the people like not having cars avaliable. in in german suburb, life goes on without cars , a family says  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way.rosenthal not having a car takes pressure off of the people, because they dont have to worry about filling up on gas. they also like it ,because it encourages more excercise. instaead of driving to the store or the park you can walk or take a bicycle. in the artcile carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota, some of the staticstics show that parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughtout the cityuneven, pitter sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks rushhour restrictions have dramatically cut off traffic and new restutants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. this is an example of how progresive this change has made on cities. also metioned in selsky article  its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. most of the people say that not having cars takes alot of stress off of them. the positive impact on the people is just one of the many advantages of limited car usuage. anouther advantage is helping the enviroment. by limiting car use has really impacted the enviroment. rosenthal states that experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes.... passengers cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe. this just shows how much of an impact not using cars has been. in article two duffer explains why paris created limitation on car usuage. paris had a huge smog and to help clean it up and to prevent from getting worse, paris made a law that only certain number license plates could drive on certain days and if you drove on the wrong day than you would be fined. but this helped france get their fuel numbers lower. in selsky article he talks about how columnia has a car free day. on this day no cars are allowed with the exception of buses and taxis. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. alot of the people like to participate in this event. in amercia research has been found that amercians are buying fewer cars,driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by rosenthal.with this information we can be lowering our pollution on our own. many people did not like the limitations, but learned to like them considering the end result of a healthier enviroment. these two advantages of limiting car usuage is just a couple of the many.