to think that scientists have been able to program a computer to tell what emotion someone is feeling at that moment is pretty amazing. it would take a lot of thinking and considering to then finally be able to tell a computer when a person has this or is showing that, that they would be showing that certain emotion. however, part of me thinks its not all it is said to be. many people these days are very good at hiding their emotions and feelings. they may seem all happy and joyful to someone but on the inside they could really be hurting. or it may be the other way around. they could act very sad, but actually just be trying to trick someone. if you were to put a computer up to someone like that, i just do not think it would be smart enough to detect that. think about actors. they are one of the best people to hide true emotions. they are the ones that have to fake being happy or sad or mad or in disbelief. they can trick anyone into thinking that. on the inside though, we do not really know what it is they are feeling. in the passage it says that the computer detects the certain way the muscles in your cheeks are. it also is the way your eyebrows are. if your eyebrows are raised, this can show surprise. when your lips are tightened this can show anger. the computer has to be able to tie all of these things together. what if the person is showing all of these signs and it is their certain way of showing that one emotion. everyone has their own way of showing each and evey emotion. for example, if a person is angry they do not always tighten there lips or lower their eyebrows. they could keep their eyebrows and lips the same but still be angry. for me, i just do no think that these computers are going to be as accurate as what you may think. sure, it is most likely going to get a lot of peoples emotions but not everyone. it is talking about bringing it into classrooms to test people in a class emotions. it is going to be the same as doing it on the street. not everyone is going to show their true emotion and the computer is not going to detect each and everyone of them either. so for this new technology that these scientists have discovered, i think it could work and i think it could fail. it all depends on how smart the computer is going to be or if it is just too smart. for many i hope it works, but i guess we are jsut going to have to wait and see.