venus is our planet sister. saying that is way to tell that planet venus is near our to planet, but theres a difference between venus and planet earth and the differece is important to know its very important. planet venus, by reading the this article you might find clues about planet venus that you never knew before. planet venus also called by another name evening star venus is one of the brightest point according to the author it says  it light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. the author use this sentence to show how the venus planet or evening star shine. it also tell us that venus have an atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide. planet venus is also the second planet from our sun, which is very important to. the distance between venus and planet earth. venus and planet earth are close not really really close but they are close according to the article challenge of exploring venus the author tell us that  venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. that sentence that the auhtor use describe and also give us information about which planet is the closest planet to planet earth which is venus. by the reading the article its also says that venus was propable covered largely with oceans. planet venus also have somethings in common with planet earth. planet venus has a surface of rocky they also have valley and mountains like planet earth does. more about planet venus. planet venus and planet earth does not have the same temperatures, according to the author information it says that planet venus have a temperature average over  degrees. if we take our times to think about this sentence think about one hundreds  degrees, one hundreds  degrees is very hot but if one hundreds  degrees is hot think about  degrees it must be very hot in planet venus. reason why planet venus is hot, planet venus is hot because is close to the sun and we all know the sun is very hot and their atmospheric pressure is  times greater than we experienced in our planet must be very dangerous. this article give a lot of information and clues about it. it also give information about the wheater and atmospheric and it can be dangerous there.