have you ever read the article the challenge of exploring venus. it says that there are many reasons why it was alike and how it does not seem alike earth anymore. there are reasons of temperature the pressure on how it is not alike. they said venus was probably covered largely with oceans and had various life forms. how is earth and venus alike? in the article it said it is the planet most alike so i guess we are not that alike then. scientists thought maybe a long time ago that venus was like earth. they said that is was probably covered largley with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. it says that venus has a rocky sediment surface. that includes valleys, mountians, and craters. so if venus and earth were alike would part of venus be steep because of the oceans? venus and earth have some major differences. it has a ninetyseven percent cabon dioxide atmosphere blanket. which earths atmosphere blanket is way thinner but getting up there from all of peoples realsing carbon dioxide. the cloud in venus are highly sulfuric acid which is not good because if people lived there we would die from the acid rain and would not have any food to eat because it will also die. there would also be no water for us to drink. so no matte what we would most likely die there. venus and earth have a huge temperture difference. earths normal temperature is like high  degrees fahrenheit the low is like negative  degrees fahrenheit. in venus its average temperature is  degrees fahrenheit. we would be burnt to death. venus is also the hottest plant in our solar system even though it is the seconf planet from the sun. another thing that venus and earth are different in is the atmosperic pressure. i do not know what earths atmosperic pressure is but is no where near what venuss gets. venuss atmosperic pressure  times greater than earths. there are also things to think about because of venuss high amount of everything and is the size of earth what thing will do. like how rapid the weather will change will have to be cautious about it changing like in a split second or will it take over years for the weather to change. i wonder what the lowest temperature will be. does venus have volcanos? if so how bad will it affect the people living there. we also have to think about things like earthquakes and how the building will hold together if they happen. how many time will lightning strikein like a minutes. will venus have enough water to with stand people and grow crops. is it even safe to live there? what will be the days or even how long the day will last. scientists want to study venus so in case earth ever does stop working in the case rotating and obiting the sun we have somewhere close in distance to travel to. there are many dangers in traveling to venus, but there are people out there will to risk the lifes for our future to see if we can live in other planets. in conclusion, i do not think that we should send people to somewhere that we know is not safe. there are no many reasons why i do and do not like venus. i also think we should send people there to see if humans can with stand all of it. my main reason i think that we should not is because of water, food, and the acid rain. i also think that it will be fun to discover another planet. i always wanted to go to venus when i was little. i remember always arguring with my family of what planet was the sister planet of earth i was alway right even as a little kid.