isnt interesting when your computer can detect your exact facial expression without telling it what expression youre making? image going to school or out somewhere with that kind of technology and detecting what expressions or feelings your friends or family are having. dr. huang and his colleagues have figured out a way to do that with the facial action coding system. the facial action coding system is a computer that contructs a d computer model of the face. using the  different muscle joints that a normal human face could make. the facial action coding system can classify six different emotions such as happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. when a new emotion is shown then it associates itself with the different muscle characteristics. then, by weighting the different units of the face, the software can detect mixed emotions. mixed emotions are when you are feeling two or more emotions at once. making it more challenging for anyone to figure out how someone is feeling. this kind of technology makes it easier to figure out how people are feeling, and it would help humans understand the situation more if the knew what kind of emotions were going on. the value of how far technology has gone is going to change society for the better good. the facs facial action coding system could go to schools, organizations, busnisess, and etc.. for example, if the new technology went to schoold nationwide then the teachers could detect whether a student or some students are confused or unhappy about the lesson they are teaching, and then the teacher can look at the system and find a way to improve hisher lesson so every student can understand what is going and maybe even enjoy the lesson. by doing that schools could increase there graduation percentage and more students could succeed in school, and less people would drop out and actually finish their education to get the kind of future that they need or want. another example of how valuable this new technology would be is in a business organization. for instance sales are something you have to show alot of emotions in so the sales person can persuade the consumer to buy what they want them to buy. by using the new technology it can help the new salesman out by giving him pointers on how to improve hisher speech that they are giving the consumer to make it sound better or maybe even more reasurring to the buyer. therefore, it will make the sales person more money, fullfill their job and keep their job longer. i mean, that could happen in any kind of business, its a promising application for any industry in the making. in conclusion, this new software can be helpful in many ways, not just for scientist to create and use in their experiments, it could help the whole entire nation and even help the economy or even politcs. there are so many new opportunities and open doors with something like that to help generations after generations. the value of this software is priceless. each facial expression and emotion are universal, so why wouldnt you want some small computer to help figure those out for you.