what would the world be like with autonomous cars? cofounder of google, sergey brin, belives the world would change completely. television and movies have also been interested in driverless cars for the longest time. now many manufacturing companies, such as mercedes, toyota, and nissan are investigating this possibly innovative technology. driverless cars could prove to be a great solution for the environment, driver saftey, and world innovation. as sergey brin invisions, driverless cars could help the environment immensely. the driverless cars would be much smaller and more flexible than the buses mainly used for public transportation today. these new cars would have the ability to replace this bulkey public transportation. also, since noone would have the need to buy a car, less cars would be on the road. this would cut down on the fuel used today by half since there are not as many cars. with less overall cars on the road there will not be as much greenhouses gases released into the air, conserving the ozone layer and help correct global warming. not only would driverless cars provide helpful to the environment but also to driver saftey. most traffic laws focus on the necessity for driver, passenger, and pedestrian saftey. with the driverless cars that have spinning sensors on the roof, named lidar, the car would be able to detect pedestrians more quickly than a intoxicated, distracted, or drowsey driver. the cars would alert the driver, if a saftey issue it could not deal with arose. this would keep pedestrians safe and possibly prevent many crashes caused by human errors at the wheel. driverless cars could also help by being a world innovation. since the human race is so curious and determined, if a world innovation of driverless cars occured, it could prompt anyone to make the next big thing. it has already brought major compaines like google, benz, nissan, mercedes, and telsa into a phase of competition to create the fully capable driverless cars. also on the way to this new invention, some company might stumble across a another world innovative idea. the invention of these driverless cars might help in uniting the world for one purpose as well as continuing the human goal to always improve. driverless cars are a very new idea. with so many people working on this world innovation, it could possible be the next big thing only to lead on to more improvement in human technology. these driverless cars also provide an alternative option to decreasing the greenhouse gases in the environment by eliminating the need for so many cars on the road. saftey would also be improved with the creation of driverless cars so people who are impaired by alcohol, drowsiness, or emotions, would not cause as many crashes. allowing the creation of driverless cars has so many benefits for the environment and saftey the world will be changed forever, for the better.