imagine a life without cars....there would be no noisy horns blowing, no polluted air, less car accidents, etc. i can give you a million reasons why the world would be a better place without everyone driving a vehicle. we constantly try to make the world safer and go green by recycling, planting trees, clean up parks and beaches, drive hybrid and electric cars but we need to do something different like drive less and walk, carpool, or ride bicycles to get where we want to go. it will make the world more efficient , peaceful, and reduce stress among the people who wake up late and rush to school or their jobs. as you inhale and exhale, your body takes in the air around you, which is filled with bacteria, cigeratte smoke, gases, oxygen, etc. we would make the world cleaner if gas wasnt polluted in the air. the gases from vehicles destory our trees which provide oxygen to us human beings. you wouldnt want people to get lung cancers and lung diseases from them everytime someone tries to take a walk outside just to enjoy the view of mother earth. driving less will allow the air that we breath to be safer and less polluted. so, what happens if people drive more and forget about health? well, eventually our ozone that protects us from the sun will break down and it will cause something that is called the greenhouse effect. on the daily basis, there are car accidents and non survivors of a crash. it breaks my heart to see a family die because of a drunk driver on the news or someone crossing the street is hit by a car and the driver drives off as if nothing has happened. if people drove less, the rate of car accidents and deaths by hit and runs will decrease. when people drive they are unprepared for anything that might happen under the wheel, that is why seatbelts and airbags were created but a seatbelt and an airbag may not be reliable when a car is flipped over and a person cannot get out of the car because their seatbelt is locked and sometimes the car may explode. you will have no worries if you drive less and walk or ride a bicycle more often. being happy and in peace is better than being stressed out. driving less will take away stress from your daily routine. going for a walk or riding your bike around the neighborhood will make you feel revied and youll get to enjoy the pulchritudinous nature around you. youll even want to ask yourself where has this been all my life?...god has created the world so precious and i know he took his time making it. people take hikes, vacations, and trips to the beach to enjoy the views of world. it would be best to take a break from driving. you can get plenty of exercise if you walk to work or school instead of driving. think of all the obese and lazy people that do nothing for themselves and drive around thinking that it is okay to not exercise at all. walking or riding a bike will decrease stress, and your chances of getting heart disease. most people in america die from heart disease and cancer. just by taking a walk or a ride on a bicycle, you may save yourself from the ugly illnesses. finally, the advantages of limiting car usage are allowing the air to be safer and less polluted, decreases car accidents, takes away stress, and allows you to get the exercise you need everyday. if people take time out of their day just to take a walk they will be wanting more and better things for the earth. all the people of the world will be proud to say that theyve done something great to save what weve got left. driving is a privlege not a priority. so, the next time you decide to drive think of all the good things youll be able to experience and how much youll be saving the world from disaster.