cars were invented by harrison ford to allow humans to have easier and safer access to transportation. cars and automotive vehicles were designed to enhance safety and allow passangers to efficiently arrive to their destination. cars were engineered to be driven, powered, and handled by humans, not to be self automated devices. humans as a whole should not have automated cars. having a trasnportation vehicle that is soley reliant on detectors is not a safe way to travel from place to place. whether the distance is near or far, accidents are always prone to happen, and those chances only increase with a human not in complete control behind the wheel. the article states that the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires, but can this really be achieved when the driver has the ability to become more distracted, stop paying attention, or even fall asleep when the car is being dirven for them? having a self driven car allows many more opportunities to be distracted while on the road, and it is not garunteed that the driver will immediatley snap back into attention when human control is needed. if the car is unable to handle itself in dangerous or unknown situations, should people really be letting the car drive on a road where there are many unpredictable factors? the article says flashing lights and vibrating seats will notify the driver when danger is near, but this is simply not an efficient or probable solution if the driver were to be asleep or distracted, which would give anyone a slow reaction time. ...safety is best achieved with alert drivers. haveing a self driven car would simply make the driver much too reliant on the vehicle they are in. the world is becoming too dependent on technology, and if we allow ourselves to be driven by an object that was invented for us to drive, we are only furthering this conflict. becoming too dependent on technology has made us oblivious to the world around us, so just think how worse that could be if we allow cars that give us room to be side tracked while on the road with a countless number of individuals. if automated cars become a reality for everyone, what other things will we let do the simplest things we can do ourselves? the text states can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore? this statement simply is not true in the context of self driven cars. we will still have cars, we will just fail to know how to use them ourselves. cars are a widely used object world wide, but not everyone can afford them. the cars we have today are expensive, so what will the cost of a new, self driven car will be? if the goal is to ...release a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time becomes reality, there will only be a select demographic of people who will be able to afford these cars. the more cars companies and manufacturers make and the less cars people are able to buy, the more in debt these companies will be in. neither party will be benefiting from self driven cars. some individuals would argue that we as a society and race need to push ourselves forward and take advantage of the new technology being invented so we can take the next step into achieving greatness. this is a very broad notion that can only pertain to certain inventions and situations, the automated car not being one of them. allowing all technology and inventions to take over our lives will only result in the lack of knowledge of how to take care of ourselves and the people that surround us. we need to learn to become more independent on the things that are handed to us in order to keep the humanity we have. this is what seperates the living beings from the computers we come in contact with everyday. others would even argue that the self driven car is safer to handle and will enhance the protection of others, but how can this be true if faulty technology is inevitable? faulty technology will also result in confusing and frustrating lawsuits, as demonstrated in the article. if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? we simply cannot rely on computers to do all our work for us, it is impractical. in conclusion, having self driven cars would only hinder our development as a society and lead us further into a future where independence of technology is greater than what anyone can handle, and will ultimatley lead to the decimation of the individuality of humans.