venus is a simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proven a very challenging place to examine more closely. since venus is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. to despite all the dangers and challenges from venus we can gain more information about it. it has proved that it is a challenging more than a danger place to examine more closely. also nasa could be studying old to new technology. putting the danger away in foces more on what inforamtion we can all gain on. to understand how this plant venus is very difffrent from others in the solar system. in the passage states its nickname is misleading since venus is actually a planet from our sun. known how venus got its nickname evening star. also how venus and mars our neighbor, orbit the sun at diffrent speeds. in the article states that venus is sometimes right around the conerin the space termshumans have sent numerous spacevraft to land on his clouddraped world. venus is know for its danger instead for its challenge. in the article states that numerous factors contribute to venuss reputaion as a challenging plant for humans to study, depite of its proximity to us. venus is not any other plant in the solar system caused by its temperatures averge is over  degress fahrenheit. in the passage states even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric aicd in venuss atmosphere. it is more as in challenge to learn and understand how this plant is diffrent from others plant in the solar system. tacking this as a challenge then a danger. on the other hand, old technology into new technology can safe and learn from other plant like venus. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus ther need electronic made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus surface. meaning nasa have been gaining new ways and studying what technology is best for venus. also old techology is been used for this project. in the passage states that another project like this is looking back to an old device called mechanical computers. with new and old devices they can studying new way to get cloeser and safer to venus by stusying venus. venus is a worthy pursuit depite of its danger if everyone tacks it as a cahllenge. by gaing more information about venus and tacking the challenge. how old to new technology is bening used. all the danger could trun into safely. with safely we can study all of the unanswed question. by tacking the challenge and getting closer to venus with safely caution. leaving all the danger in the past in foces mor eon hoe to get their closer and safer.