have you ever heard of the face on mars? well if you have do you think its was made by alien life or it is just a natural landform. i think it is a natural landform because there has been no signs of life on mars. also we have spacecrafts taking pictures on mars so if there we would know about it. this is why i think it is a natural landform. so if you think that this  face was created by alien life then you are wrong because i can tell you that there are no life on mars what so ever. we know this because we have spacecrafts flying around mars taking pictures every second of everyday of every year. this is why it is just a natural landform. it looks like a normal rock on earth just with a face that was created by the way it was formed. this is one reason that it is a natural landform. another reason that is a natural landform is because my good buddy garvin says that  what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the american west. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. which is a lava dome that takes the shape of an isolated mesa around the same height as the face on mars. im am telling this because land masses can form anywhere and look like anything. that is another reason it is a landform. my last reason it is just a landform that you can find anywhere is that the first photo was taken in , back then we didnt have the technology we have now. in  we had a camera that had the range of  meters per pixel, which is not good. now in  we had a camera that had . meters per pixel which is the best at the moment. the picture in  does look like a face but in the picture in  it looks like a normal rock with a lot of cracks in it. that is my last reason of how it is a natural landform. those were my reasons to try and convince you that the rock on mars is just a natural landform. my reasons were that there has been no signs of life on mars. my second reason was that it looks like every other rock i have seen on this earth. and my last reason is that we have a lot better technology then we did back in . you can believe what you want to believe but it is just a normal rock like anything else.