the discovery of the face on the surface of mars was thrilling for the public. as a scientest working for nasa, i am constantly debating with others whether or not the martian mesa commonly referred to as the face was created by aliens. many people think that it was created by aliens. however, i disagree with the fact that the face might have been created by aliens. it is simply another martian mesa located in the region known as cydonia. one of the main reasons the face was not created by aliens is because there are multiple martian mesas throughout cydonia. martian mesas are commonly found throughout cydonia, and it would be logical to think that the face is just another martian mesa. the only difference between the face and other martian mesas is that the face contains unusual shadows making it look like an actual human face. not only are martian mesas commonly found in cydonia, pictures taken by spacecrafts have proven that the martian mesa does not look like a face. although many people have said that the photo taken by the viking  in  resembles a face, unusual shadows made the martian mesa take the appearance of a human face. also, the photo taken in  by the viking  does not have very good resolution. in order to see the face, the photo taken in  by the mars global surveyor mgs had to be taken through wispy clouds which has led some skeptics to believe that the alien marking were hidden by haze. however, the photos taken in  by the mars global surveyor are much clearer and have much better resolution. these photos reveal the truth about the face it is just another martian mesa. in addition to the fact that the photos reveal the truth, it would be illogical for nasa to keep life on mars a secret. if nasa was to announce to the public that life on mars has been found, it would significantly help nasa. more people would support nasa and hope more would be discovered about the life found on mars and would encourage the government to provide nasa with large amounts of money to learn even more about life on mars. although it would have been cool to know that the face was created by aliens, there is too much proof to support the fact that it is just another martian mesa. with such advanced technology in use today, nasa will hopefully make huge discoveries in the near future.