the face on mars is  just a natural formation of rocks and sanddust. pictures show this, everytime nasa does take a picture of it there are the same results. plus if it was alien why would nasa publish the pictures. if this was proof of aliens it would put people into freak out mode. the first thing is that giant rock formations arent uncommon in the cydonia section of mars. in fact there are a whole bunch of different kinds of rocks just like the face, only that those are normal looking. they dont look like faces. the article even says that the picture actually shows the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. even garvin says it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, then he keeps going to say thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. the second thing is close up images. over the years nasa has been taking pictures of this formation. each time they take a picture of face, the face starts to look more and more like a rock formation. nasa even publicly posted pictures on the web, and all diferent kinds of media to show what the formation looks like. so, nasa must of been pretty confident in what they were saying the picture was. plus nasa is made of the top of the line professionlas. they arent made up of people who dropped out of highschool. they are made up of people who have graduated from some of the most advanced and instutionalized colleges. my third thing is if it was alien, why would nasa publicly show the pictures. in the article, it makes nasa look like they were trying to get people to get away from the alien idea. by the sound of it, i would take a guess and say if it was alien, nasa would do everything in their power to keep the images from getting out into the public. another thing is that at one point people were saying that the picture taken on april , , was not liable because of the fact that  was a cloudy time of year on the red planet. so, nasa on april , , took another photo in the year  and  was not a cloudy year for the red planet .the photo even further backed up the fact that the formation on mars is just another giant rock, not some alien face or artifact. so in the end why would this be an alien face or aritfact. nasa has publicly proven that it is just a formation of rocks and dustsand. plus if nasa didnt want us to know about aliens or anything of the sort, why would they publicly anounce and show pictures of the face of mars. that is why the face of mars is not related to anything alien at all and is just another formation in the cydonia sector of mars.