statement a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, response the ability to read students emotions is not valuable in the least. teaching lessons should be mainstreamed for a general audience, allowing formalleability and flexibility. sometimes its not even the lesson causing a students disinterest or boredom. and many childeren can have vastly different emotions based on not only being in school but about their day in general which have no application in the real world. school curriculums are fine tuned to be the best tool for teacher and student, they allow for order and organization. allowing a computer to alter that, even slightly, can have devastating effects. one computer doing so may not be an issue, but, allowing for every students computer is another question entirely. what is that question? it is this could we still maintain order throughout that? one little bug, one little glitch and a student could be so off track that his or her school wouldnt know what to do. keep the schools on track and organized. sometimes it isnt a lesson causing disinterest or confusion in a student. lets set up a hypothetical. joseph heard a dog barking outside, he tells his friends, they did not hear it. joseph is confused as to why they did not hear it. josephs computer perceives josephs confusion as confusion towards his lesson and alters it accordingly only to confuse joseph more as to why his lessons were changed. it start a cycle that loops in on itself again and again. joseph understood his lessons and was now thrown wildly off track. proving that a computer making a decision based off of josephs emotions alone was massively ineffective. many students have vastly different opinions on learning and have many different emotions when going to school. a computer sees the emotions but not the reasoning, whereas a human being can ask said student to understand himher. a computer cannot make sound judgement on a students emotions without knowing the reasoning behind such things. it can perceive a students anger and relay it to the teacher but now the teacher must confront the student about why he is angry. the student who is already upset will not want this interaction that the computer forced upon the two. all in all people need to be left alone to allow for them to learn how to handle their emotions, and furthermore they deserve the privacy of having said emotions to themselves. in conclusion, information on a students emotions is not valuable in the least, and allowing a computer to make judgement off of said emotions is ineffective and much too risky. teaching students should be mainstream and not alterred to fit the students emotional state. as with the case with joseph, a computer would not understand that joseph is not confused with his lesson and then cause more confusion instead of aiding it. and finally, students have too vast of emotions for one computer program to accurately interpret and furthermore human beings deserve the privact of their own emotions.