my position on diverless cars is that i believe that it should not be made at least not in these next  to  years. there for i am against the development of these kinds of cars.like it says in the artical brin says he believes ,believes such cars would fundamentally change the world.in what way will it change the world ? it will not change the world not even if he says that it will take up half of gas and oil but there will still be enough that would finish it.becuase so many will be driving them and so many will be useing up all those resorces .and also saying that in the artical that no one buys the cars becuase they wont need it anymore becuase of his new invention will it would put out hard working people into the streets and replacing them with people who know how to create those types of cars. now so far in his state ment the cars he has created have not carshed yet!! can still be crashed or into a crashed accident.and when its into a crash then who will the driver blam or sew for the damage that is done ? will the driver have to pay becuase he or she wasnt driving the car was. there for its bad to even think about these self driven cars without thinking all these possible things that could happen.and if there cars are so driverless then why do they still need the driver to be in alert ? becuase the car can not pull in or out driveways or deal with complicated traffic issues. as said in the artical beuse there still not driverless so why have a car that suposely can drive by its self if it cant even pull out or in or drive it selfs when there is a traffic issues.i mean might as will drive it youre self. now if these types of cars are made will then will new roads will have to be made? if so then wont that cost alot of money then that money will be taken out of our pockets and put into those roads.that some of us wont be able to use becuase we have no self driven cars. also this wouldnt teach the new drivers to be responsiable becuas epart of driving is the responsibility.and if these were to be made then many ppl will be out of busines becuase were are they supose to go for there driving licesenes if they dont need one becuase they have self driving cars .they wouldnt have to worry about them driving becuase there would be a hallogram driving for them.cars of today should be left alone and those cars that are being planed for everyone should be made  to ten years from now once its all thought about.there for i am against the development of these elf driven cars.