in the united states, people are very busy. with school, work, and extracirricular activities in the mix of everything else, americans rely on an efficient and preferably fast mode of transportation, and typically, their first resort is car. however, while cars are extremely convinient, they are also very dangerous to the enviroment. car usage should be limited because there are many advantages, including less smog, less traffic, healthier people, and reduced air pollution. to start off, when car usage is limited, smog and air pollution are drastically limited too. according to the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars, cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and up to  percent in the united states. this is a major problem in many different parts of the world, yet people still continue to always resort to cars, though they have many other options. transportation is the second largest source of americas emissions, just behind powerplants, and the pollutution that comes from it is most detrimental to the enviroment and ourselves. if we limit car usage, we will drastically reduce air pollution. furthermore, when car use is limited, it is better for humans. when people do not drive cars, they will sometimes walk, skate, or bike to where they need to be. this is exercise, so it is better for you than just sitting in a car. when people use other methods of transportation like walking, biking, or skating, they do not have to worry about being stuck in traffic for hours. limiting car usage also saves money. when you do not drive as much, you do not have to pay as much for gas, or paying for parking. these are huge advantages. in conclusion, there are many different benefits and reasons that we should limit car usage. we can walk, bike, skate, or even take a bus or carpool with other people. it will reduce air pollution, make people healthier, save money, and people can feel good knowing they are doing something good for the enviroment and themselves.