the article, making mona lisa smile by nick d alto is quite an interesting article. as it talks about how technology can detect ones true emotions. at the first glance, this article looked redicilous to me, how can a machine show ones true emotions but as i read more and more the disgust started becoming interest. and, now i am just fasinated by thid article. in paragraph , the author states shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. which shows how much technology has grown, now the technology can even tell us how and how much of a specific thing we are feeling. quite amazing, is it not? one cant specifically say that the machine is  percent correct but in future maybe the technology goes even beyond this. when reading this article, one may have had a few question about all this calculating emotions but in paragraph  many of the question that comes to ones mind are stated hold on! can we actually calculate emotionslike math homework? and how can a computer recognize the subtle fcial movements we humans use to express how we feel. after stating these questions the author gave us their answers and not just left us curious. recognizing ones feelings correctly is quite hard for even an human eye since someone may be trying to hide their true emotions, its not as impossible as it sounds now due to the technology which is a good thing about the improvement in it. in the article the authior states a couple benefits of having technology that can detect your actually feelings, one of them is in paragraph   a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify lesson, like an effective human instructor this one particular benefit of having something that can calculate your expressions, quite got to me. it can help so many students and teachers as it can lesson the burden on teacher to go to the specific person and help them understand and the student also would not have to wait for a turn. so for all the reasons that i have listen above and explained i would like the reader to understand the benefits of having such technology.