dear rick scott, controversial. this is the word that can describe the electoral college in recent elections. the electoral college is composed of  votes, a presidential candidate must acquire  to win the election. states with large populations get more electoral votes so say, rhode island. california gets  votes while the puny rhode island gets a whopping  votes. the electoral college has been debated since the  election, where al gore lost even though he got more popularity votes. many folks believe the electoral college should be abolished. i believe that the electoral college should be kept in the presidential elections, because it shows a clear winner, it ensures it is, everyones president, educated voters count in the swing states and it avoids runoff elections. without the electoral college, some elections may be hard to decide a true winner. no matter the situation, the electoral college will determine a winner, if the popular vote and electoral vote become tied, which is highly unlikely, the vote will be taken to the senate. each senator counts as one vote, so no longer do bi states matter. also, the electoral college ensures the presidential candidates have transregional appeal. it makes the votes count, the president chose is surely, everyones president, rather than a favorite in just northeastern states. furthermore, swing states are tremendously important to the outcome of the election. states such as florida, new york, texas and california have dozens of votes combined, winning all four of those states pretty much means presidency. the swing states not only have more electoral votes because of population, but because of their voters. on average, there are more educated voters in the swing states, they actually stay up to date, watch the news and know the means of each candidate. the electoral college also avoids the disaster of which no cadidate receives a majority of the votes cast. a good example of this is when clinton had only  of the popular votes won, yet he got a whopping  electoral votes, which made him president. the pressure of having a runoff election is nearly vanished by the electoral college. although others say that the electoral college should be abolished, because in that system, voters vote a slate of electors, not the president. well tough , the electoral college ensures a winner, and that is all that matters. the electoral college should, for sure, be kept in the presidential election system. it consists of  total votes, and  votes have to go to a candidate to pick a winner. although the votes may tie up, which is nearly impossible, the electoral college ensures another method to decide the presidency. the electoral college produces a sure winner, everyones president, is elected, educated voters are in the swing states and it avoids the disaster of a runoff election. from, proper_name