driverless cars? am i for or against them?. i believe that driverless cars could be fun for some. especially those who are lazy and dont like the complications that occur on the road. so, therefore theyd like someone to take over the wheel for them so that they dont have to deal with the complications of driving the a road that is just confusing and disorganized. sure, why wouldnt you want a driverless car. but, a driverless car can take som eof the fun out of actually driving for future drivers. first i am completely against the future of driverless cars because i would like enjoy the fun of driving with my hands. what i mean by that is that i would like to enojoy the feel of turning the wheel at the time i want and also putting my feet onthe breaks as i please instead of using voice comand and telling my car when to stop. to me the idea of driverless cars would seem just a little boring as explained in paragraph  when the authors claimed that  why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting for thir turn to drive?. second i am also against the future of drieverless cars becausehow would it have an affect on our lives in the future? how would it show off mankind? not just as a very smart species but a species that is very selfish and has took what was once given to them and changed it into something that has have basically been tooken for granted. i enjoy the cars we have today but whats gonna come next after driverless cars ?. are there going to be floating t.vs? lastly i am against the futre age of driverless cars because it just cost to much. some people who have a complete low income cant afford that much money on a car that is worth ober , dollars. some of the fellow americans today are considered to still be paying off there car debt from when they first got the car. therefore i wouldnt exspect driverless cars to be so big in the future depending on price. driverless cars? am i for for against them? i have explained in the following essay that i am against driverless cars because of the price, enjoyment that it can infict, and the way it has changed the minds of civilians today. i gave three reasons why i am against them and gave details to back up my reasoning.