selfdriving cars? are selfdriving cars actually smarter than we think? many car companies have started to invest their time and money into creating a car that is driverless  in the future. driverless cars are not reliable because it takes a lot of money to make these driverless cars, safety is a big concern with these cars, and if the car cant drive on its own then the human must take over the wheel when there are complications. car companies such as mercedes, audi, tesla and nissan have all started to work on driverless cars. these cars are very expensive to make and test out. sebastian thrun, the founder of the google car project said  radar was a device on a hilltop that cost teo hundred million dollars. it wasnt something you could buy at radio shack. sensors are the main idea and concept of the driverless cars but they cost millions of dollars. what happens if the sensors are not reliable? safety is the number one priority of anyone that is in the car. the driving laws are very concerned with this and need gurantees on the driverless cars that are coming in the future. in paragraph  it says that  presently traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all time. manufacturers believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliable. but the question we must ask is if the technology fails and someone is injured, then who will be at fault? it could go in many different ways and many conflicts can arise. there are postive aspects to driverless cars. one is that automakers are still trying to improve all the qualities on the cars. in paragraph  it says, automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. they are saying that they will not release the cars until they are reliable and ready to go. the cars are improving as the days pass by. more and more laws will changed due to these cars which will be for our safety. the biggest concern is why cant we fully rely on these cars yet. they are not reliable right now is because when there are complication or certain situations that can occur on the road then the human must take over the driving until it is safe again. google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. google still has many issues with their driveless cars that must must improve and work on futher. now we know that these driverless cars are coming for sure. many car companies are making the time and effort to make these cars successful. we know some of the problems they are facing. but we now know that they are not going to be releasing these cars now but in the future when they are ready to be safe, consistant, and reliable.