dear florida senator, i think we should change our voting system to a popular vote instead of an electoral college. i think this should change because the electoral college has many flaws in it with the way it is done. the popular vote is much more reasonable and practical. one of the main reasons that i believe we should switch is because of the disaster factor. i think that this really stood out to me when reasearching. according to source two,the american people should consider themsleves lucky that the  fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century the system allows for much worse. the author is onehundred percent correct. the state legeslatures are responsible for picking electors, and the electors can always deny the will of the people. this would not happen with popular vote because the peoples opinion translates directly to who they want as president. another reason why the popular vote is the better way to go is because you will never get a tie. with the electoral votes, a tie is possible becuase there is an even number of electoral votes across the united states. also, not one citizen of the unoted states wants a draw because then the house of representatives would have power and state delegations would vote for the president. the houses decision will almost certainly not reflect the real coice of he people. my last reason why i believe that the electoral college is unfair to voters is because the swing state votes. if its a tight race all the way to the end and theres only a few states that need to make a final decision, sometimes a small state ultimatly changes the end result of the precidency. with the popular vote, this would never happen. the electoral college basically says that some states are more important then others by giving them more say in who is president. popular vote counts every single person as one. so after reading my letter i hope you have come come to the conclusion that popular vote is by far better. electoral college is just old school, not fair, and can cause stupid issues that can easily be avoided with popular vote. popular vote will never tie, let others choose who is president besides the people, and would never let a swing state change the destiny of the united states of america. sincerely, timothy eustace