what would life without cars be like? cities throughout the world are practicing this idea, and seem to be doing fine without thier cars. cars are a great way of traveling from place to place. they are fast and time efficent but cars arent the best for the environment, they cause polution,bad air,smog and global warming. the city of paris has a partial driving ban becuase of the rise in smog they are experiencing. the ban was succeful in reducing the amount of smog and also alowed the puplic to use public trasportation free of charge. now if more places started doing this air polution would decrease and we would have cleaner air to breath in and less health problems from smog. in the city of bogota, colombia the residents have a car fee day each year. on this day colombians hike, ride thier bikes, skate, or take buses and taxies to work. doing this yearly activity has lowered traffic jams which allowed workers to get to work on time while they took buses or taxies. not only were traffic jams reduced but people get to exercise and commute with others while the walk or ride thier bikes to thier disired distination. limiting car use is not only good for lowering air polution and geting exercise, its also good for bussines. vauban, germany has been practicing this idea as well. they have a no car policy, if residents wish to have a car they have to buy a parking space from a parking lot. having a parking lot allows kids to play outdoors without the worry of having to deal with cars. as people walk to places they want to be at, they may find stores where they can do some shoping. store owners are now placing thier businesses along walk ways to atract customers as they walk by. not only are businesses blooming so are parks and sport centers. the city bogota have been building parks and sports centers as people are beginig to exercise more and are going outdoors. limiting car use can be great for the environment and for people. cars have been in our lifes for long time now, but it doesnt hurt to walk from place to place or to enjoy a bike ride to work.