driverless cars, once thought to be only a far off and unattainable concept, are now a realistic possibilty in our near future. already, manufacturers have developed working prototypes of driverless cars. with the possibility of them being an interactive part of our future, the topic as a whole begs discussion. are they safe? how do they work? will they ever be completely driverless? these are all valid questions, deserving of valid answers. while work is still being done on these cars, they are a safe, and should continue to be developed. driverless cars could bring an entirely new face to public transportation. the future of these cars hold not only the possibility of completely autonomous vehicles, but also ones that are more energy efficient. if the whole of a cities transportation system would go driverless, the system itself would be much more efficient. unlike a cab driven by a human, driverless cabs do not have to stop for lunch breaks or other trivial and very human matters. the text states, google cofounder sergey brin...envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a publictransport taxi system. the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. this quote from a leader in the field of driverless cars shows that driverless cars offer a real possibilty for a much more efficient and flexible transportation system. real possibilities stand in the horizion for driverless automobiles. as of right now, cars are not completely driverless, as the text states, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. however, given the amount of progress the company has made since they began testing independently driving cars in , it can be assumed that they will make more progress, and eventually develop a car that can drive completely independent. there is a real future in the field of driverless cars, and the only way to find out what it holds is to continue its development. the development of driverless cars will also be beneficial to more than just the industry of driverless cars itself. the technology used in the cars can be applied to more than just the cars. the text states, there was no way, before , to make something interesting. the sensors werent there, the computers werent there, and the mapping wasnt there. radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. it wasnt something you could buy at radio shack. all the forms of technology listed above are found in driverless cars, but they are also found in many other different areas of science and life itself. the technology that became available was not limited to a single use. no technology is. science is an inclusive, interactive, and widespread concept. no single concept in science is used in only one design. for example, velcro, developed for use on space suits, is now something used daily by ordinary citizens to keep our bags shut or our shoes tied. as new technology is introduced in the field of driverless cars, it will expand to horizions beyong just the cars themselves. as much as the development of driverless cars could aid our society, some people still have concerns about them. the biggest concept that concerns citizens is their safety. many people believe that a truly driverless car is dangerous, and could go rogue, malfunctioning and causing a wreck. however, even though people might not believe these cars are safe, they are. the text states, the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel...manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. cars may one day be  driverless, but right now they are not. a human is always in the front seat, ready to take control, and that means these cars are still as safe as a normal car. driverless cars, while they may only sound like a concept from a science fiction book, are a real possibility, and can affect our near future. their development is crucial. they could bring about more flexible transportation systems and new technology, and the progress made so far offers substantial proof that this isnt a worthless subject. they are a very real and immenent possiblity in our future, and they should be taken advantage of. if development of these cars continues, then development of our future as a society continues.