is the landform on mars created by aliens or just a natural landform. in the article  unmasking the face on mars, it talks about this landform on mars. some conspiracy theorists say that the landform was created by aliens. nasa says that they wish that there was an ancient civilization on mars. in my opinion, the face on mars is just a natural landform because it is not seen as much often, it is proven not to be created by aliens, and the landforms are common around mars. first, the landform can not be seen as often. in paragraph , it says that mission control scanned the planet and they rarely pass over it. mission control also took pictures of it. they took pictures to have a better look at the landform. in april ,  mission control used mars global surveyor to take more photos on maximum resolution because it can hardly by seen. so that is why the landform can be seen less than usual. secondly, the landform is proven not to be created by aliens. in paragraph  and , it says that on the scientists research they found that the landform is not created by aliens. it is not created by aliens because the landforms are common in that area. also that when they tried to find the answer, they used photos they took with maxium resolution on it. so that is how the landform is proven not to be created by aliens. thirdly, the landforms are common on mars. in paragraph , it says that the picture of the landform is common. it also said that the landform is like the middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho. in the text is says,thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa is the same height as the face on mars. so that is why the landforms on mars are common, not created by aliens. in conclusion, the face on mars is just a natural landform. there are many reasons or details that says that it is a landform. some reasons or details are that the landform is common on mars and that it proven not to be created by aliens. the reasons for this is the formation of rocks. so that is my opinion on why the face is just a natural landform.