the face on mars was not created by aliens, it is only a natural landform on mars. it is a natural landform on mars similar to a mesa or butte. the landform only resembles a face and was not made by aliens. scientists have examined pictures of it and concluded it has no alien decent. the face is a landform and was not made by aliens. the first reason the face is a landform is that the face is similar to an earthern landform like a mesa or butte. it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. nasa beleives this is a rock formation and not anything else. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. the mars face is similar to earthern landforms, thats why it cant be an alien produced object. in  the camera photos werent as good as they are now. the photo in  isnt as reliable as the  photo taken. in paragraph  it said, revealing a... natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. this shows that this newer photo from  shows more evidence than the  photo. more data can be gathered from newer photos to show that the face is a landform. if the face was an alien monument, then nasa would tell people of the information to get an exploration going. they would have sent out another mission to investigate the face. it said, we photographed the face as soon as we could get a good shot at it. this shows that nasa was as anxious as the people to try and discover new foreign life. this is why nasa would have investigated if the face on mars was an alien monument but it is a landform. some people might say that nasa is still lying about the martian face being alien related. conspiracy theorists would say things like the face is pure evidence of alien life. in paragraph  it said, the face is bona fide evidence of life on mars. the conspiracy theorists who say this are wrong because nasa has proven that it is a landform. this is why those conspiracy theorists are wrong. the face on mars is a landform. it is not alien related in any way. the scientists at nasa have proven it. nasa would not lie, they need money to fund anything so they would have to tell people. this is why the mars face is not alien related and is a landform.