the author suggest that studying venus is a worth pursuit despite the danger it presents because of many reasons. venus is often referred to earths twin. venus is the closest planet to earth in term of density and size as its listed in the article in paragraph . venus has a nickname, its usually called the evening star, it the brightest point of light in the night sky so thats why it has a nickname the evening star in the solar system that we have right now, venus is the second planet from our sun.  percent of carbon dioxide blankets venus. dispite the dangers it presents the author still suggest that we should study venus. theres some negatives and positives about studying venus. for example, some negatives are that venus has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters, as listed in the article in paragraph . scientist think of them as challenges, as said in paragraph . venus would be a challenge for scientist, it says on paragraph ,  since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. menaing this could be a problem they are trying to find out on how to handle. other necgative things that would accour is that the ttemperatures would be toasty. it would be like around  degrees fahrenheit. not easy conditions, but at a stage where humans can survive. as listed on paragraph , it says  solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. on paragraph , it says  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our planet. they are far more extreme than earths. venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even tho murcury is closer to the sun.  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. positive things that scientist have discovered that they can do is that venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. as well that the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. scientist have found a way to hover from a spaceship safely far above the planet. it can only provide limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard form of photography and videography ineffective, as said in paragraph . researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enought to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus, as listed in paragraph . nasa is working on different ways to approach venus. they are working on a old technology thing called mechanical computers. they are devices that were first envisioned in the s, and played a important role in the s during the world war ii. i personally think that nasa would work on approaching venus. like it said in the article, no spaceship has landed in venus in decades, so imagine a spaceship landing in venus again. what nasa is doing is good, that they are finding different ways to approach, as well as things that will help it get their, like for example, the old mechanical computers that was used during world war ii. nasa sould countine to do research so that a spaceship may return to venus.