driving a car that can control itself is pretty amazing. it might have its difficulties, but you have to admit its amazing! people would only have to drive like  of the time depending on the traffic. itll tell you when its time to take over too so youll have to be alert at anytime. everything isnt going to be perfect. in the article driverless cars are coming are about cars that drives by themselves which is spectular because its car that can drive for people. driverless cars are coming can possibly change the world. the driverless cars helps people save money on gas. people always complain about how gas is so high. if people get the driverless car, they save twice as much money. if the person who buys the car end up having kids, they can save the money theyve been wasting on gas and can finally spend it on their children. theyll also have enough money for a family trip! another example, the driverless cars went more than half a million miles without a crash. thats amazing considered its drving by itself. there would be times where the person might have to control the car like when its to much traffic on the highway or driving in and out of the driveway. other than that problem, it can drive on its own without any help and not get in any accidents. last example, the car will alert the person when it needs the person to drive by many different ways. first way itll alert the person by, the drivers seat that vibrates when the car is in danger of backing into an object. the other way, the flashing lights on the windshield and other headsup display. the manufacturers are thinking about using camers to watch that the drivers are paying attention to the road at all times. driverless cars are coming may have its flaws, but every single thing has their flaws. it may need you to take over at times, but thats all. the car helps people save money on gas and its also keelping people safe while theyre relaxing in the vehicle. hope people wouid consider buying the driverless cars. driverless cars are going to change the world!