people use them to commute around various locations and it releases harmful emmissions. the object that is being reffered to is a car, a car is beneficial but people should limit car usage because it cuts down on pollution of the atmosphere and it is not as bad as it seems to not use a car all the time, and limiting usage of cars is starting to trend. cars release green house gas emissions that affect the ozone layer of the atmosphere. that is a main cause as to why people shoul limit car usage. congestion was down  percent in the capital of france, after fivedays of intensifying smog...the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. as explained in the article paris bans driving due to smog . this shows that smog is caused a good amount by cars and has affected major cities around the world. it also showed that when less usage of cars happened there was a  percent decrease in congestion which is a big percentile. in paragraph  of the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars. it is explaining that automobiles are a big part of the suburbs and is a affect on the efforts to try in cut down on green house emissions of cars. its states in the article by elisabeth rosenthal, that passanger cars are responsible for  percemt of green house emissions in europe.... and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. some may argue that the percent of green house emissions produced by cars is not high, but in reality it is and the numbers keep rising. if people limit the use of automobiles the numbers can be cut down and reduce pollution in areas that have heavy amounts of smog, smog affects the health of people and is toxic. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. as atated in the article paris bans driving due to smog this shows that driving is a major contributor to smog and can be reduced by people limiting the usage of cars. limiting car usage is not so bad and can even promote a happier lifestyle as shown in the articles about limiting driving. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said a media tyrainer and a mother of two whos statement is said in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars. this shows even when the people of the community of vauban, germany, experince a fortuitous life style.  vauban, completed in , is an example of a growing trend in europe, the united states and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a move,ent called smart planning as stated in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars. this shows that limiting car usage is a trend and it leads to a positive outcome that affects generations to come. people around the world are also taking up the movement of limiting car usage, in bogotoa, columbia a buisness man named carlos arturo said its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. as referred to in the article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota thsi shows that not only the advantages of limiting car usage is decrease in air pollution but can also benifiet the individual. if the pattern persistsand many sociologists believe it willit will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment. as explained in the article the end of car culture. this is relatin to the pattern of how in america the buying of cars is going down since . which as result of that ocurring has benifited or will benifiet the enviroment. this shows how more and more peole are traveling less by car. the advantages of limiting car use far outway the disadvantages of not using a car. this means that people are duing more to commute less by car and more by eco friendly transportation like bikes. the limiting of car usage not only impact people now but will do so in the future of the world and if not changed will result in the mass pollution of the globe.