venus, a very powerful, interesting, planet that needs to be explored more indepth to ease our minds, to let the curiosity subdue. venus is absolutely a planet that deserves a our attention. why does it deserve our attention though is it worth our time and money? if it was not worth all these risks, why would it be a topic of matter? in the passage it states, venus, sometimes called the evening star, is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky, making it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. many wondering minds think about all the possibilities of what could be on venus and if it could be similar to earth. venus is our neighbor, or as paragraph  states, earths twin. venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. if you had a brother or sister that close to you yet so far away wouldnt you want to find out about them? venus should be worth the exploration because there are so many possibilies of what could be on venus. the passage states, venus still has some features that are analogous to those close to earth. the planet has a surface of rocky sedient and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. as crazy as it sounds, there is a chance that the sediments from venus, and other objects like rocks, are here on earth too. i believe that we have scientists already working on the break down of what is in these objects and how they got here. nasa workers have come up with the idea to send a hovering ship into orbit above venus. though the conditions are hard to work with, nasa has the capability to think of a way to let us receive information, pictures, and other objects from venus. towards the end of paragraph  it says,  solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. nasa should first send a demo rover out to venus,before you send our people out. we have already discovered the conditions, like the air, and surface, of venus. see if there is another object of surprise that could pop out of no where. make sure everyone is geared up and ready to go before sending our people out. once we have determined all the conditions and maybe an element of surprise, send a highly trained, willing, person out there. not on a long  day mission but just a simple few days to see what evidence and new opportunities that could arise on venus. the danger side is very important to look at as well before sending our people out there. like the passage says,  a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. this is one for the few risky obsticles nasa and its workers would have to overcome. another example is, the temperature difference between the two planets. in paragraph  it states, these conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. though there would be many obsticles we would have to overcome to get to venus, i believe if the united states could come together, we can go to venus! looking at all the great outcomes that going to venus could give us i think it truly would be worth our time, money, and attention. all for the amazing possibilies we can uncover though this fantastic project. despite the rough patches here and there, going to venus would be such a win for america! the author suggests going to venus is a  worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents, and his detailed evidence proves his suggestion.