the use of technology to read emotional expressions of students in the classroom is valuable. this information could help in many situations. this information could let the teacher know when a student doesnt feel good or is feeling angry or sad and maybe better teach the student or get the student emotional help. this could let the teacher know when the student is happy and help the teacher ways to keep the student happy and working hard. this information could help stop many bad situations caused by emotional distress in the classroom. facial action coding system is ver valuable in the classroom. this software could help you know when a student is angry or sad. this information could help a teacher find new ways to better teach a student. with just the slightest knowledge of how a student feels in a classroom could help a teacher find ways to cheer up the student and find ways of teaching that better fit the student. facial action coding system would effectivey open up ways of better understanding the student. the author says using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movement which could be a helpful way of determining students needs in the classroom. facial action coding systems way of understanding each students emotions can help with teachers keeping students on track and working hard. the software could help the teacher recognize when the student is happy. this information of the students happiness could indeed help the teacher come up with more ways of effectively motivating the student and getting them to work even harder. this software would better help the students and teachers to effectively make sure everyone is successful in the classroom. the facial action coding software could help stop situations in the classroom. this software could easily tell the treacher when a student is feeling extra sad or angrier than usual. this information could help the teacher get the student emotional help such as a therapist, counselor, or medical help. for example, in the cases of school shootings,  of the time the reason these incidents happen is because in the classrooms people dont recognize how a student is feeling and that student doesnt get help. with this software it keeps people aware of others emotions in the classroom. this could make it easier to get the student help and ultiately stop the possible outcome. in situations where fights break out, it is often because the teacher doesnt recognize a students anger and cant effectively calm the students down in time and prevent the fight. with the facial action coding system a teacher would be able to see when a student is angry or a bad situation is about to happen and the teacher could quickly make sure the situation is avoided. facial action coding system would be very valuable in detecting students emotions in the classroom. the software could helpe boost the students learning experience and help boost the students performance. the software could also help the teacher recognize students emotions and help find better ways to teach the students. this software could even be the one thing that prevents a major tragedy from going down. the facial action coding system would be greatly useful and effective within the classroom.