driverless cars are coming as technology evolves, there are better things that come into this world. not only are the positive effects from a great technology, but there is also negative effects. some technologies have more negative consequences than positive. one example of this includes driverless cars. although they have not officially come out yet, they are still working on it. tesla has projected a  release for a car capable of driving on autopilot  percent of the time. though it might be a great technology for the future, it might not be the best technology to release just yet. having a driverless car has way to many negative effects. these negative effects include it could cause an accident and no one is responsible, a person can not enjoy driving, and if we have driverless cars there will have to be new laws that have to be put on the cars that could take a long time and most people do not like waiting. a new technology always has consequences. one consequence of having a driverless car is that when an accident happens no one is to blame for the accident. in the world there is always someone to blame. that is just how the world works. one day a driverless car hits someone with an actual driver. the world will still have regular cars because not all people can afford such a luxory as a driverless car. who is the actual driver suppose to talk to if he or she gets hit? there might be no one in the car and what happens from there? if these cars get released, the owner should always be in the car just in case this situation happens. one might say that it is a driverless car for a reason. where is the car suppose to go if no one is in it? the car has no where to be unless there is someone going to another place. this is just one negative effect of driverless cars. some people really enjoy driving their car. the new car smell and the feel of how the car moves against the pavement. the thrill of the speed and adrenaline that the car has. no one can enjoy these feelings if no one is driving the car. driverless cars might have electronic intelligence, but they do not have any feelings toward what is actually going on. if the world switches over to driverless cars how is anyone suppose to enjoy racing? racing might be boring to some, but it is not boring to others. racing is one of the true american sports. people who drive cars for a living really enjoy driving. that is why they have the job. if driverless cars come out on the market, it will put millions of people out of a job and then they can not provide for their family. having a car that people can drive is very important and if a company takes the joy of having a car and a job away from people, that will be wrong. one more consequence of having this new technology will be new laws. everything great always has to have laws and consequences. just like anything else in the world, there will be restrictions. one important thing about passing a law is that it takes a long time to get it into actual power. time is what no one has. having patience is good, but in a society where everything is moving  miles per hour, this law will take to much time to get into action. these driverless cars will need to have many laws. these laws will have to state who is responsible for a crash the owner or the company, where these cars can be and not be, and who can actually be behing the wheel of the driverless cars. new technology can be good, but in this case having a driverless car is obviously not the best idea that america has ever had. in conclusion, having a driverless car has way to many negative effects and consequences. from this article we know that if we take away the joys of driving, people will be upset and maybe they will be without a job. we also know that if there accident no one will be responsible and that is not human nature. the world just not work in this manner. also, new laws will have to be put in place to keep the world safe and are own precious lives. laws take a long time to pass and patience is not one of the best qualities that everyone might or might not have. to have the power to put in a technology so great in society is awesome, but knowing that people could lose their lives and the enjoyment of having is car is not something society needs.