new cars that drive on their own, sounds fun right? well think again. diverless cars should not be used thoughout the world. diverless cars are not counted as driverless because people will still have to take control of them while in traffic zones, and during other occasions. not everyone will be able to afford one of these driverless cars so people who usually ride in taxes or buses will no longer have that option. also, cameras were thought of to be put in these cars to watch divers to make sure people are paying attention even though they are not driving to insure their safety if the driver has to take control, but that is invasion of privacy. why would you go out to buy a car that is driverless when you need to still have to drive it at any given time, and still have to watch the road? that defeats the whole purpose of having a car that drives on its own. in the article driverless cars are coming it says all are designed to notify the driver when the road requires human skills, such as navagating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. if driverless cars become the new car than many people who take the bus, and ride taxis will be unable to have rides to their locations anymore. especially if all other types of cars are got rid of. a lot of low income families rely on a taxi, train, bus, or even a subway as a cheaper way to get around because they cannot afford a car. that means they would be walking while higher class people are riding in a driverless car. the argument for supporters of driverless cars was the cars would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. still it does not change the matter that people would still have to walk to get to where they need to go if they cannot afford a driverless car. some people believe that diverless cars will be a good thing because it is a peak of our technology, they also think that the driverless cars will be able to help people stay focused on the road just as the article says most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. but that statement is not exactly true. if a person is put in a car that drives on its own they are going to get more distracted and choose to be on their phones rather than paying attention to their surroundings because a driverless car is made to, drive on its own. that is why driverless cars should not be made, or even thought to be created. in reality, they are a distraction, they do not fufill their purpose, and they would end up costing way more than they are worth.