driverless cars are soon to be the future of the world. people in this world have different views on the driverless cars. some people think it is a great idea for there to be driverless cars and other people do not think so. the writer of this essay does not agree with driverless cars. the driverless car seems to be a great new invention of the modern time. it appears to the writer of this essay that it is a wrong move for this generation. the move to driverless cars seems to be the wrong idea. the driverless car is not the best option for a mode of transportation. yes people are getting lazy and do not want to drive themselves, however, the car can only handle driving functions at speed up to  mph. the driverless car seems pointless. if people want a driverless car, then people need to think of ways to get around by not driving themselves. who wants a driverless car that still has to have a driver. it is meaningless to have one then. the only reason people would get one of these new cars is because of the new entertainment and information systems in the cars. the driverless cars are not allowed to even be tested is most states. in the states of california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia, they have allowed limited use of these new cars. it seems pointless to only have these in ceartin places if they are not even going to be driven that much. even with the few states allowing them, it would be hard for people to even get one with the new laws for driving them. with the new cars come new features of steering, sensors, and handiling. however is something goes wrong with the car and it causes and accident, who is to blame? will it be the owning company of the car, the driver, or some outside force of some kind? this would cause a heated battle in a court room. it should seem pretty simple. should company owners risk thousands of lives to make thousands of dollars, of should they not make the cars at all and carry on with the cars the people already have. in conclusion, the use of driverless cars seems pointless. the driverless car should not be produced because of the point of having a driverless car that still needs a driver. they should be taken out of production and testing to help possibly save the lives of thousands.