i think that the creation of cars that can drive themselves can have a mainly negative impact on the world for a couple of reason one is it would make many people jobless, if the car malfunctions a passenger can suffer a crash that is fatal, and if we needed a emergency ride how fast would it be able to make it thier to pick us up. these are all main concerns of any human being so do you think making these cars is a good idea? first, if the creation of these cars were to actually succeed in making the new public transport system then it would put many taxi drivers, bus driver, and trolly drivers jobless. if all of the taxi drivers and etc. drivers were to get fired then they wouldnt be able to pay bills making them most likely homeless wich would be putting more weight on an already existing problem. just for these cars being made it already makes a major problem even larger wich would degress america even farther than it was before. so thats my first reason that i think counting the progress of these cars would be a bad idea. second, what if there was a malfunction? would we still be safe? these are the questions that should be asked, if there was a malfunction in one of these cars would we be safe most likely not because there is no driver to take over if this happens and its because its a driverless car. accidents if there was a accident would the car company be held accountable or the passenger. there is already so many car related deaths just think how many these cars would add on to that. thats my second reason that these cars will be a bad idea to keep manufacturing. lastly, in the article it says that we would no longer need to buy cars because the driverless car will be a public transportation well, what if there was an emergency and someone would need to be rushed to the hospital how fast could it come pick you up and get there. not only that but if a another person was throwing up or bleeding in the car how many people would still wanna use it. diseases would be another problem it would cause more spread if somone were sick and in a car and then another person had gotten into that car later then they have a possibility of getting sick too. thats my third and last reason that making these cars are a bad idea. in conclusion though many people think this would be a step up for america or even humanity it wouldnt be mainly because for every problem it fixes it causes two more. those are my three reasons making tons of people jobless, accidents may increase, and emergency plus diseases.