transportation takes up most of our time. many of us sit in the cars waiting to get to a place without realizing that we actually spend more time in our car. transportation is the second leading cause for the emissions in the united states. carfree cities are starting to trend in europe. in the carfree cities you no longer have to worry about where to park. we need to lower the amount of emissions we produce on a daily bases, for america most of our emissions are from gas while in paris the emissions come from diesel. paris has been really polluted, there is much smog that they had decided to ban driving, whoever drove recieved a fine on that day. paris would take turns on the license plate number to determine if you could drive that day or not. a carfree day in bogota, colombia had many people walking, hiking and taking the bus. the streets were free or almost free from traffic jam,violaters who did not participate were fined. obama has recently announced that he would like for america to lower the emissions we produce. statistics show that less people are purchasing cars also there are less people getting their drivers license. in vauban, germany they do not just go a day without cars, it is a suburb where street parking are forbidden, it is an expermental site where people are to be without cars. people from there are much happier they no longer have to worry about traffic or congestion they just walk, ride a bike or bus.  of vauban families do not own a car. cars can cause us to be stressed and it even harms the enviroment. the advantages would be wed be more calm and relaxed people rather then trying to hurry and speed in a car. we would also have much clean air. the money that the city gets from the violators would be used to make the community a much better and clean place. although it is limited it does not mean you cannot use your car, but you may want to live in another area if you keep getting fined. many people if they choose to walk or ride a bike will become more fit and healthy. maybe we should consider it even if its just for a day it makes all the difference.