in the year of  nasas viking  spacecraft found a face looking figure staring back at the cameras. a lot of people have conspiracy theories that the aliens caused this. though, anyone with a decent amount of knowledge in astronomy and even geology, will know that this is simply a mesa of some sort. with a lot of people and few scientists still believing that the face was some type of alien creration or artifact, it became a priority for nasa when the msg arrived to mars. the mgs was ready to fly over cydonia to have a better look and get a better picture of the face. as they were flying over the face, michael malin and his moc team took a picture ten times sharper than the previous pictures taken by the viking  spacecraft. the pictures were released and all the people eager to see the pictures and everyone from nasa saw that it was nothing but a natural landform. though, people and few scientists werent ready to give up on their opinion. when they looked at the pictures they claimed that the time the picture was taken was a cloudy time. they believed that the clouds affected the quality of the picture. they also said that maybe the alien markings were hidden by the haze. so nasa reacted to these skeptical claims. on april , , on a clear day with no clouds, the mgs was ready for a second investigation of the face. the mgs rolled  degrees to the center of the face. the picture was amazing using the cameras maximum resolution. the pixels from the image from  spans ., while the vikings best photo had  meters per pixel. the picture was so amazing that if there was some objects like landed plains or small shacks you could see what they were. the face was an amazing discovery, though some people got carried away thinking it was created by aliens. though those conspiracy theories were invalid, it doesnt take away the merit from nasa findind this amazing landform on mars and taking high quality pictures. you never know, people might even be able to experience the face from an even closer look!