in paragrph  sentence  it says that somrtimes pluto is called evening star. however its nickname is misleading since venus is actually a planet. in our solar system venus is the second planet from our sun. while venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth , it has provide a very challenging place to examine more closely . in paragrph  venus is somrtimes often referred to as earths twin venus is the closet planet to earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closest in distance too. earth venus, and mars, are other planetary neighbor. a thick atmosphere of almost  carbron dioxide blankets venus. the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus atmosphere. on the planets surface, tempertures can average over  degrees fahrenheit , and the atmospheric preesure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. these conditions are far more extreme than anthing humans encounter on earth such an eviorment would crush even a submarine accustomsed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans . the nationnal aeronautics and space administartion nasa has one particuar compelling idea for sending humans to study venus. nasa is working on othe approaches that pluto might be a planet or a star. in the s nasa was still studyimg in the s during world war . the tought of compuetrs exisiting in those days ,but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electrions at all. nasa is striving to meet the challege presneted by venus has value , not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itslef ,but also because human curiosty will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors . pluto is a planet according to nasa. since pluto is a planet pluto is dangerous because pluto can cause problems to the atmosphere and it can cause harm to our sister planet and it can cause the sun to give earth more sun and really hot heat and we would have to turn the ac on high. pluto can be very tough to study as well because pluto can be a planet one momemt and a star the next and nasa somrtimes give us the wrong information sometime. earth has a lot of preesure ,heat and other forcers that earth is responbile for and earth cant do everthing by itself beacause earth needs backup from other planets. nasa also that cell phone and tablet acid or heat capable can burn a tin from only on the planet mars and pluto because its so hot in those  planets.