driving cars can be a tiresome chore. in driverless cars are coming, the author presents driveless cars. although there is not an official driveless car, there is progess towards making one. he displays both the advantages and disadvantages of driveless cars, but the advantages outweigh the disadvantages. the advantage of driveless cars is people no longer have to drive. without people in control, there could be less accidents, leading to safer roads. when driving, some people lose focus, become distracted, or even text and drive. with driveless cars, the computer in the car would control the car. unlike humans, the computer in the car would not have these issues. according to the article, google has studied cars that could drive independently. these cars drove more than half a million miles and they did not crash! the odds of accidents happening when driving half a million miles is high, so although these cars were not fully, driveless, imagine how safe a truly driveless car will be. in addition, newer technology is coming into place to make driveless cars safer than human drivers. several parts of the car are being enhanced. for example, sensors have been altered and advanced greatly within ten years.. sensors were used in  as antilock brakes, but in ten years, these senors had become more advanced. they were able to sense and respond to danger on the road. with the information from sensors, the car will be able to apply brakes when needed. according to the article, this allows far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. this shows that the driveless car will be safer than a human driving. driveless cars will be able to handle more and more tasks on their own with this new technology. with the progress being made with driveless cars, these driveless cars will be safer than cars driven by people today. in conclusion, driveless cars will truly benefit the world. although, it make take time to fully build and design a driveless car, it will be worth it. driveless cars will be ensure the safety of driving. it will be a much safer option than human drivers.