many people are not using vehicles anymore. it could be more alternatives for transportation are showing up, to lower air pollution rates, the goverment might be forcing citizens not to use their vehicles, the enviroment they live in, or simply citizens have no interest in driving. there are many reasons to not driving, but maybe there are advantages to limiting car usage. some cities have been built where streets, driveways and garages for home are forbidden, such as, vauban, germany. these suburban communities have used every other way of transpotation except cars, taxis, buses, and some even trains they pretty much use anything that doesnt have an engine. many citizen like not have to drive everywhere. in source , paragraph , when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two. many of the citizen that live in vauban give the same answer or just want something different in their lives. in france, the govermnent enforced a partial driving ban to clear smog in the city get rid of traffic. in source , paragraph , congestion has down  in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. the lower rates of traffic congestion helped a significant amount of french citizens to get to where they were going faster and less accident on the road. other countries have created a somewhat holiday called carfree day where millions of people hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during that day. the only vehicles on the road were buses and taxis. in source , paragraph , these people are generating a revolutionary changeand this crossing the borders. the citizens doing this are very open to this change and enthusiastic about it. it also helped cities renovate and rebuild themselves. in source , parargraph , parks and sports centers have throughout the city uneven and pitted sidewalks have been replaced by brad, smooth sidewalks. these change that this holiday has influenced helped the cities to become a safe place. in conclusion, the limits of car usage has helped bring great beneficial change to many countries of the world. it has provided us with altenate ways of travel, health habits, the reduction of air pollution and a great way to interact with others.