i feel as if the making and implementaion of driverless cars will benefit our society greatly. i do not drive personnaly but as someone who ha been picked up,an dropped off endless amount of times i have seen my fair share of the roads. upon these roads bad drivers and good drivers exist and they are all humans controling the cars. as humans we are not perfect at all and we have our flaws. an example of one of many flaws is our inability to truly multitask. texting and driving is something many of us believe we can do but it is the samething that kills numerous amounts of people a year shown from multiple statistics. in my opinion computers are more reliable unlike people. when they are bugged and have malfunctions yes its irratating and complex to fix them, but when there up and running there is no stoping the leaps and bounds they go through just to produce information efforetlesly. yes there will be those who belive that there is too much of risk of putting your lives in the hands of technology but on an everyday basis we do without realizing it. when you think about it everyday you wake due to the sound of your alarm, everyday you wake up to check your phone to stay updated with worldy and local topics, we also check our phones for time. what im trying to state is we wake up because of technology and we go to bed because of technology so why not get to your chosen destination by upgraded technology. one of reason i feel so strongly about the idea of having driverless cars is due to the idea of them using half the fuel of todays taxis. this could be so helpful in two ways one way is it could help everyone finacialy. with the price of fuel always fluxating from high to low, those that do use the driverless taxis would in theory pay less then what they would do now. also another great reason for driverless cars is there would hopefully be a lesser carborn footprint then what we have been producing. our abuse of releasing too much co has led unpredictable climate change which is having long lasting effects in parts of the united states let alone the globe.