studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. because even though not one spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. we can change that and learn more about its effects other than its simlarties. because even though its good to know that its very alike to earth. or that some of its things are. we can be learning and opening up more to what should be done or what could be done to be successful. and actully be able to land there. and explore it like for example we can learn of the kind of meteral that wont be much effected by it. or that dosent get effected by it and so on advance. and it will open up more doors and possibly arppounties for others who may be intrested or know a little about it. the author does very well supporting this idea. because he knows its dangerouse and that its not going to be very easy. and that he has to continue learning more and more. and make time for it . he also does very well discribeing the planet venus not just by its looks. but by its tempatures and its potentail. and its closure to things around it . i see why the author supports that idea. and his not wrong for standing for what he thinks should happen or should be done. its not only good for him but for everyone else here alive. if we can find a way to get there. and get there without a problem we can almost do anything. because if we could do it with that place. we can do it anywhere else. mabe not the sun or very dangerouse planets that are unsafe. but we can get into the ones that dont have anything that will melt us and stuff. but it will open up ideas possiblely even life. all of paragraph  explains that we as humans should go above our standards and grow together. not to benefit apon another planet. but it will beneft on stronger things like meterials. and more people motivated to go after there dreeams. because nothing is imposibble. and lastly that we all play a part in bettering. and makeing our place and each place a better place for each. and one of us. and for those in the next generations.