f.a.c.s this is a shorted word for facial action coding system this system can use a camera or webcam and look at a person and tell how they are feeling just by the expression on there face it takes there face and compares it to a neuteral face. this technology would be great in a classroom enviorment because students can get off track or get bored very easily. students arent very intrested in math or english they can get frustrated by doing the work. f.a.c.s could help with online learning very much by looking and rendering what expressions are happening and if they are happy and it doesnt seem like they are having trouble then it wouldnt change anything. if they have a bored or confused or even angry face then it would try and help that person by maybe changing lessons or even trying to teach it in a easier way. in the article in paragraph six dr. huang says a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored this means that the computer could take that emotion and flip it around by changing somthing. most teachers are good at spotting a child who doesnt understand or who is bored but sometimes they dont pay attention and dont see they have gone off but a computer could alaways tell if they are not getting it or are bored. a computer that could tell the way you feel from just looking at you would help alot of students it is sometimes hard to tell the way we are feeling especially when you try and hide it but the computer software would pick it up. dr. huang also stated most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, so computers need to understand that, too thus this technology would be a great and huge advancement because it could help out so many people maybe a student is sad and the computer picks up on it and it tells the teacher and that student could talk to someone or it could pick up on fear and tell someone about that and then they talk about that. this technology could teach the computers how to deal with so many things which is why it would be useful in the classroom.