the face on mars is just a natural landform. it, when originally pictured, may have looked like some sort of face or alien artifact, but with new highresolution imaging and d altimetry, we can see that this face is just a mesa. this type of mesa is commonly found in the region of mars where the face is located, called cydonia. these mesas are also commonly found here on earth, in the american southwest. the fact that these types of landforms are commonplace means that the face is nothing special. one piece of evidence that supports my claim is the new photos. back in , when the face was first pictured, the pixel size on photos of mars was  meters per pixel! that makes for a very blurry picture with not many details. when the face was photographed in , and again in , the pixel size was much smaller, at . meters per pixel. this means that objects on the martian surface bigger than  meters would be picked up in detail by the photo. this proves that the new picture shows it all a common, everyday mesa. a second piece of evidence that supports my claim is that nasa would not try to hide alien artifacts in their pictures from the public. this is because if nasa found life on mars through one of their studies, they would become very popular for the fact and would draw a lot of attention. they may have even won a nobel prize, so nasa would definitely not hide it. conspiracy theorists who claim the face is alien would be completely wrong because of this fact. nasa isnt hiding anything. the face on mars is just a mesa. a third piece of evidence that supports my claim is that nasa was excited about displaying this photo and wanted to learn more just like the public. they wouldnt have given all this trouble to the face just to lie about it to the general citizens. nasa was probably disappointed when they found out that the face was a mesa, but they had to tell the truth. mesas are common around cydonia, and also common on earth, so there is no reason for nasa to lie. in conclusion, the face on mars is a completely false object. this face is just a common mesa, found all the time where the face is and on earth. nasa did not lie about the face because they had no reason to. the new, highresolution imaging says it all. the face on mars is a mesa. no doubt about it. case closed.