i beleive that the development of self driving cars would better our future. the introduction of self driving cars is a positive because they give the driver more freedom to do other productive things, they still give the driver some control over the car incase bad condition come up, and they use many different sensors to ensure the passengers safety. self driving cars give people the freedom to do more productive things instead of driving. this is helpful because people could get more work done in the car. which in some cases people can commute many hours, giving them valuable time to work. a concern with this could be distracting the driver from being alert incase the car needs assistance. although as stated in the article some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup display. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over. this means that drivers could use the systems already put in the cars that are regulated by the car itself so that if there is an emergency, the car can shut down the devices. the cars are smart enough to know when they should let the passeneger take over. this is important because it shows you that the cars still give you control in certain situations, and they only drive in conditions that would otherwise be easy. stated in the article, it says in , bmw announced the development of traffic jam assistant. th car can handle driving functions at speeds of up to  mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. in fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. this means that if the car starts to lose control or go into bad conditions, the passenger can take over. the cars that are modified to be self driven are highly equipped with technology to help the car. stated in the article googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a gps reciever, and a inertial motion sensor... the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. dubbed lidar, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings these sensors all make the car have the important information to make decisions just like a human would when behind the wheel. i think that self driving cars would be a positive because they give the driver free time to be productive, they still give the driver control in certain situations, and they use many sensors to ensure the safety of the passengers.