who would you believe, a couple of conspiracy theorists without proven research or scientist with proven research? in , viking  was circling mars and took a picture which seemed to look like a human face. later, research proved that it was just a landform equivalen to a butte or mesa. people still believed it was an alien creation. i believe the landform on mars was not an alien creation because if it was an alien creation nasa would benefit from it, mars global surveyor snapped a photo proving a landform, and in  another photo was taken clearly showing a mesa or butte. first, if the landform was an alien creation nasa would have benefited from it. in paragraph five, the author stated,  meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. the author is telling us that nasa wouldnt hide that a civilization created the landform because they would get a better financial stand. the author stated in paragraph five as well,  some people think the face is a bona fide evidence of life on mars evidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. this theory is clearly proven to be wrong. secondly, in , mars global surveyor flew over cydonia and capture a photo of the face which was a landform. michael malin and his mars orbiter camera team snapped the photo that was ten times sharper than the viking photos. in paragraph , the author stated,  thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image fist appeared on a jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. this on photo proved that not only was it not an alien monument, but that it was a natural landform. finally, in , another photo was taken by mars global surveyor to capture a second look of the face. in paragraph ten, the author states,   malvins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resolution. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. the camera in  was clearly better than the camera in  than the one the viking had. also, the digital image taken in  was made  times bigger than the pixel size, showing that it was a landform that was a butte or mesa. in conclusion, i believe that the landform on mars in not an alien creation because nasa would have benefited if it was an alien creation, the mars global surveyor snapped a photo in  showing it was only a landform, and in  the mars global surveyor also snapped a more precise photo clearly showing it was a landform equivalent to a mesa or butte. all this proves that conspiracy theorist were wrong all along about aliens creating the land form. who do you believe, a couple of conspiracy theorists without prove or scientists with facts and prove?