in vauban,germany car usage is not very popular in fact  percent of vaubans familes do not own cars and  percent sold there car to move to the area. heidrun walter says when she had a car she was always tense and that she feels so much better and relaxed this way. the way people in vauban chose there lifestyle is starting to rub off on places like europe and the united states. they call it smart planning. vauban lifestlye may br the most advanced experiment in low car suburban life but its basic percepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation. david goldberg an official of transpotation for america says how much you drive is important whether you have a hybrid. in the united states the environmental protection agency is promoting a car reduced community. in paris they ban car driving because of the smog , on monday motorist were ordredto leave their cars at home or suffer a  euro fine which is  dollars. almost , drivers were fined and  people had their car impounded for their reaction to the fine. cingestion was sown a  percent in the capital of france after five days of intensiying smog. diesel fuel was blamed since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline diesel makes up to  percent of vehicles in france. paris has more smog than other european capitals delivery companies complained of lost revenue while exceptions were made for plugin cars , hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers and public transport was free from friday to monday. in bogota colombia a program thats set to spread to other countries million of colombians hiked,biked,skated or took buses to work during a car free day it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permited for the day the goal was to reduce smog all violaters faced  dollar fines the turn out was great. carlos arturo plaza as he rode a two seat bicyle with his wife. for the first time two other colombian cities joined the event. the day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in bogota in the mid s. the change is big parks ans sports centers also bloomed throughout the city uneven pittd sidewalks have replaced by broad smooth sidewalks rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic.