overtime technology has been growing more and more , affecting all of us in both good and bad ways. many have abrupted our minds and cause issues because some appliances arent necessary or they are not ment for some particular people. in the story driverless cars are coming, it tells us important information that new made auto cars are useful for us and what bad effects might come amoung us. i believe that this story is a negative impact because, when making new things such as technology, it may or may not be dangerous. things arent usually what they seem according to everybody. you might see it as a whole life changer but what some people question is,  is this necessary for me? or  is this safe for me and my family?. the cars we use now, are somewhat we call it perfect and if we use higher standard advancements of our cars, would we really rely on it? what are we capable of when using a driveless car? to me, a driveless car compares to sitting. sitting is just another way of being lazy just like using a driveless car when you dont need to do anything but just sit there and enjoy the road. whats so great about driving a driveless car anyways ? sitting there and watching the roads are no fun. how would people who like the speed and heartpacing condtion when racing feel about this ? it would be a boring ride for me because you are not doing anything but just sit there. yeah, there would be chances for you to be on your phone, or eating your meal rith there, or sleeping. but do we rely on such advance technology so much that we depend on it and avoid the dangerous cause? do we think that our children and familys are safe in a vechile that doesnt need you to drive and only drives by itself are safe enough ? do you think this new car would be capable of rainy conditions and and snow conditions ? yes, in the story it tells us that there would be objects just like in an ordinary car would have for you to use be in there just in case of emergencies, but why get an advance car when there are some similar alliance between the both of them? why waist money on something that is the same? think of how it would be with you just sitting there instaed of enjoying the road.