studying venus is a worthy pursit despite the dangers it presents. facing a lot of challenging things could be a difficult tasks to complete. in this situation, i think studying venus is worth our time because nasa and others are trying to land on the surface or at least stay longer at the atmosphere to explore the planet they cant just give up on what they already did, so theres no moving back or quitting the experiments for researching venus. exploring venus could be a very difficult tasks because many scientists figures that venus has a harsh climate and is  times hotter than our planet surface. it is also the hottest surface temperature of any planets in our solar system, even though mercury is the closest to the sun. this evidences might prove that it is impossible to reach venuss surface, but in this modern date i think we can accomplish something or a plan to reach venuss surface much quicker than previous years, because more people are getting smarter these days. in the venus atmosphere, it contains an highly corrosive acid called sulfuric acid, it is a type of acid that reacts with other chemicals such as sodium. we need a ship that prevents the acid from getting inside so that it wont destroy the plane or ship. we could make a jet that by passes everything, such as storms like lightning tornadoes, and more. in paragraph , it talks about how it would be helpful if we were to make a jet that by passes or avoid any dangerous conditions on the surface of venus. the temperature would be still overheated around  degrees fahrenheit but the air pressure would be close to the sea level on earth. there would be enough solar power and the radiation would not exceed earths level, it is not an easy conditions, but it is possible for a human to survive. its possible to send a human to venus, but i dont think heshe will make it back unharmed because the temperature is so high in venus. in paragaph , it discusses about the environment in venus having rocky sediment just like our planet earth. not that its impossible to live in venus right? i think it could be possible to live in venus after many centuries or decades, the planet could possibly decrease or cool down the temperature in the surface and could reduce acid in the atmosphere if we figure out how to destroy the acid or reduce the reactants. if venus have landscapes like mountains, craters, valleys, and etc. why not try to test observations or even explore? it is not easy to figure out or solve the problem, it will takes years, or it might not be even possible to test prototypes to land on venus. we need a prototype ship that avoids any destruction that is doing to the jet. if we accomplish one, then maybe one day we can explore and learn more about venus. these are the evidences and supporting details to why i think venus is worthy our time even though its dangerous.