this idea could be good because students could get there lesson a diffrent way that makes them learn better. another way is could be good is because the comuter would tell the teacher if you are confused or bored with the lesson they are teaching. it could also help the teacher and telling you if you are happy or sad.this system could be the solution come kids were looking for. this would be a good idea to have in classrooms because it will be a different way of learning. in paragraph  it talks about how the computer could modify the lesson so it will be like a actual teacher. this will be good because some people dont learn the way there techer teaches and if they had this it will make learning easier for those kids. also those kids wont be bored by the way there teacher teaches. the wll be more interested in there topic they are learning about. next, another way this will be good is it will tell the teacher if you are confused or bored with the way he or she is teaching and it will modify your lesson so it will help you learn the best way that is for you. in paragraph  it says  a classroom computer could reognize when a student is becoming confused or bored this is good because the teacher could try and change the way she is teaching. this will make it better for the students because if the teacher changes then there attitudes will. the student will actually enjoy the lesson and not be bored or confused. another way the system will help is it will tell you if you are happy or sad. if it tells the teacher if your happy or sad then they will know what to do to help you. lastly, in paragraph  it says imagine a computer that knows when youre happy or sad if the system could do that then the teacher will know not to give you a hard time. if the computer knows that then they will know to give you some time to cool of and gain composure. if all schools had computers like tihs kids will have better grades and not be so bored and confused in class like so kids are now. the teachers could use it to show if they are not having a good mood or if they need to chage the way they teaching there students. having a computer like this in school could be a good idea because it will tell if you need to learn a different way, it will tell you if you are confused or bored on what the teacher is teaching about, and it will tell the teachers if there students are happy or sad. some people need this so they can have better grades and days at school.