all across the globe, a revolutionary idea is being set in motion. the idea of essentially banning cars from the streets has sparked as much interest as it has critism. the automotive industy has been booming since world war , and although the positive effects of cars can be seen in our daily lives, we seldom take into consideration of the negative impacts of cars. effects such as pollution, traffic, and cost have impacted our lives as automotive users, even if we have not realized it. pollution is one of the primary concerns of a world that is constantly driving, yet it is something people hardly take into account when driving. in theory that is understandable, considering the last thing a person is thinking about when theyre driving is what their car is spitting out into the atmosphere. however pollution doesnt go unnoticed for long. for example, the city of paris, france enforced a partial driving ban in order to decrease the almost record breaking pollution across the city, stating, the smog rivaled beijing, china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. the smog did clear from the city and previous driving laws were reinstated, however this shows how car pollution has a negative impact on the world around us. another negative impact of driving is traffic. traffic is a drivers worst nightmare, and it affects all of us at some point in our lives. in bogota, columbia, citezens participated in a drivingfree day, where everyone was encouraged to either hike, bike, skate, or use public transportation in order to reach their destination. this event, in which millions of colombians participated, was reportedly leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. this program left a positive mark on the city of bogota, and will hopefully soon spread to other countries, reducing crowded, traffic filled streets around the world. the world runs on money, just ask any wall street broker. this is a paradox concerning both car owners and people looking to purchase a car. the question remains, if were all trying to save money, why spend thousands of dollars on a costly car? according to a census taken in , part of the explination certainly lies in the recession, because cashstrapped americans could not afford cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway. this shows that the number of people buying cars is steadily decreasing. another costly problem of cars is fuel. buying gasoline for your car every week can get incredibly costly, especially when driving a large truck or sports car. this shows how the cost of cars can have a negative impact on our lives. in conclusion, the use of cars is steadily declining. cars just arent a very positive motive for transportation anymore considering the effects of pollution, traffic, and cost that cars produce.