space exploration is a growing topic. nasa has sent rovers to mars and landed people on the moon but they cannot seem to figure venus out. the author of this article titled the challenge of exploring venus has explained why venus is such a hard planet for space explorers very well. venus could have been a planet just like earth, according to the author. the author of the article first hits the readers with information about venus and compares it to the planet we live on. if venus is so close to being earths twin then why is it challenging to explore it? in the third paragraph the author states, on the planets surface venus, the temperatures average  degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet.  these facts are on of many reasons as to why venus is challenging to explore. nasa is looking into these invention or solutions that need to be addressed to even have a chance at making to venus. the author said that there are things that could be done to help us get to venus surface but it is not around yet, which is another reason it is challenging to explore venus. we cannot succsessfully make it there yet. venus is dangerous. from what space explorers can tell the planet can be similaer to earth or was similar to earth. the author says, ... peering at venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective, this means that touching down on venussurface isour best chance on discovering what might have been living on venus or what may possible show up. nasa has been trying to find other life or signs of life for many years and the planet that finally may show signs of possible life theyre unable to reach. the author has presented may facts and statistics within this article. they brought up the fact that space explorers cannot reach the planetreach the planet and survive, how it is different from earth, and why nasa wants answers to the questions they have on venus.