in the story a cowboy who rode the waves it gives information about a certain group called the seagoing cowboys program. one reason to join the seagoing cowboys program is you get to take care of animals for your service to your country in stead of having to be in the military. according to the fourth paragraph when luke turned eighteen before getting to greece, he wouldve had to automatically draft into the military. but, when the draft board learned that he was on a cattleboat trip, they told him to just stay their for his service. point being if you serve by being a seagoing cowboy you wouldnt have to be in the military enless you choose to be in it. there are many reasons provided in the story to be a seagoing cowboy but one that also seems to stick out above some of the others is the sights you see. according to paragraph five it says the cattleboat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a smalltown boy, he says. besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. but seeing the acropolis in greece wasspecial, he says.so was taking a gondola ride in venice, italy, a city with streets of water. luke also toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. which means that if youre a seagoing cowboy you get to see a bunch of unique places that most people dont get to see everyday. for my last reason that i found stated in the text to be a seagoing cowboy is it opens up a new world for you. as stated in the text paragraph nine but being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the world to him. which shows that it teaches you and what caring for others does for you and last it shows sights you dont get to see . to conclude the paragraph being a seagoing cowboy is much more than seeing things you havent seen before outside of pictures and going on adventures its a great learning experience. if you join the seagoing cowboys program you will get the great delight of caring for others, adventure, sightseeing, and a great learning experience. all the information above is my reasons or benefits of being a seagoing cowboy. think about the reasons to see if being a seagoing cowboy is what you want to be. if it is then please call .