alien made of naturally made? the so called face on mars is not a face made from aliens. the face is just a rock formation with shadows on it. there is no reason to believe that the face is make by aliens. the face on mars is just a martian mesa. in the text is states that scientists figured it was just another martian mesa, common enough around cydonia, ony this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. that states that they just figured that it was a mesa at the time being. on april ,  they truly found out that it was just a rock formation. the information in the text states and so on april , , when mars global surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, michael malin and his mars orbiter camera moc team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. not everyone was satisfied though. the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april a cloudy time of the year on the red planet. the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. the people were still thinking that there were aliens that made the face. the mission controllers prepared to look again. on april , a cloudless sumer day in cydoniamars global surveyor drew close enough for a second look. we had to roll the spacecraft  degrees to center the face in the field of view, said garvin. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum rsolution. each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the vest  viking photo. they found that the picture was actually shows in the martian equivalent of a butte or messa. therefore, the face on mars is just another rock figure with shadows. they have solved the mystery of wether the face is alien made or naturally made.