feelings, we all have them, whether you are happy,sad, or angry, friends or family members can mostly tell when you are in a certain mood,but what if a computer could do the same exact thing. author nick dalto wrote an article called,making mona lisa smile which is about computers that can read emotions, thats crazy! nick talks about how computers can spit out precents of feelings like in paragraph one he sated,shes  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. thats a computer scaning the mona lisa picture created by leonardo da vinci. nick stated,the process begins when the computer constructs a d computer model of the face all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. so, these computers use musclkes in your face to figure out the emotions you are felling. so, how is this helpful to students in a classroom? well, nick gives an example by stating from dr.huang from beckman institute for advanced science at the university of illinois,a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. not only would it see if a student is bored or confused but the computer would help make the lesson more interseting to the student. the big downfall of all of this would be prices, such as video games because, the computer would help better tell a story line and have the player thinking how the character feel  let them feel more in the game. the article stated,the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery. but, other than that these computer can be very valuable to humans in the future and example more about humans emothions towards school, eachother, etc. not the mention teenage boys can be excited and if they are in the middle of class on youtube or something, how would that be stopped so the student doesnt get embrassed. wrapping all of this up, computer are used on a daily schulde whether its at home or school, computer could help slove depression by putting students into a great mood, help humans on tests or problems in life. computers do alot of things for us and this could be a big step into sloving problems and emotions people are feeling.