the face on mars is just another fake thing happening in this world. honestly it is just another natural landform. scientist might have been shocked when they saw it back in  but know they are understanding and learning that the face is just a natural landform. the face is just a natural landform because their has been  pictures to prove it, you cannot always see the face, and only few scientist even believe it is an alien artifact. the first reason why the is just a natural landform is because their has been three pictures of the face. on the first picture it may have taken just to find the face but everybody was shocked about it. scientist and nasa could not believe it either but it took them another  years to get another picture of the face which the pictures were a lot clearer and you could almost tell that it looked a lot more like a natural landform. this picture was helping scientist and nasa out to it would help them find out more about the face and help them discover what it actually was. then they had another picture  years later in  which blows it out that it is totally a natural landform. it is really easy to see when you look at the picture in . this is why the three pictures help identify the face is a natural landform. the second reason why the face is a natural landform is because you cannot always see the face. sometimes when you look at pictures and you see the face you might be wondering what is that. especially when you see the picture from  that just looks like a pile of sand and part of mars natural landform. when you zoom out and see the picture from  the one that is not a close up you can easily see it is a face but then when you zoom in you might be like what is that. this is why when you see the face and you cannot always see the face it is a natural landform. the last reason why the face is a natural landform is because only a few scientist believe it is an alien artifact. this means most of the scientist believe it is a natural landform. also if you cannot see that it is a natural landform then you must be blind because it is kind of obvious. just because some scientist believe it is an alien artifact does not mean you should believe that too. also you can obvouisly see that it is not a alien artifact it is just a natural land form of mars. this face is just another natural landform that just makes mars, well mars. if only a few scientist believe that the face is an alien artifact than that has to mean that the face is a natural landform. in conclusion, the face is just another that is not made up but not really a human beings face or a alien face. the face is just another natural landform of mars that people get confused about. the  reasons why is because of pictures, you cannot always see it, and only few scientist believe it is an alien artifact. this is mainly why the face is just another natural landform on the red planet, mars.