i am against the driverless cars cars for many reasons and how it would affect us humas when driving or assisting the car. i am against the driverless cars becaus it will take the things or places that humans would want to do on their own instead of a car taking them there by itself. it also would get us fustrsted because we wouldnt know when to control the car or if when controling it every other time while driving. driverless cars could also make humans not want to have the car anymore because we would want to start driving by ourselves. also it would make us teenagers wanting the car because we arent driving it and we dont even knwo how to control or dive a car. we dont have our license or permit yet. it would lead to the teenagers turn to drive and they dont know how to use the car which would to either a car accident or the death of a teenager because of the driverless car. the affects of haveing this car is a lot. one affect of having this driverless car is that it would need a lot of gas just for one car. another affect is that the car it self could lose control and something bad could happen to the driver. it would also need multiple battery changes because the car driving by itself takes a lot of battery juice from the car. the driverless car could also affect us because there could be times that we would want to drive on our own and the car want let us. the car could shut down on us while its driving. it requres massive upgrades to existing roads, as it says in the paragraph  sentence . it also needs alot of sensors and when those sensors are in they could brake or die and it cost more money to get them and fix them then any ther normal car. when having these cars there are many reasons why we shouldnt have them. looking at the reasons ahead would at least help people realize that we dont need a driverless car in the car. as it in paragraph  it says  if the technology fails and someone gets hurt who is at fault the car or the maufacture. driverless cars are good ideas but there dangerous to us humans.