in the article the challenge of exploring venus, the author does not support the idea that studying venus is a worhty pursuit despide the dangers it presents. he states that it is a worthy pursuit to study it, but in the beginning he starts by listing off the reasons why we havent done it before. the text states, each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. the last trip was more than three decades ago, but the landscape itself is not safe. the temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit and the pressure is  times greater than on earth. to put that into prespective he says that the environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquify many metals. that kind of environment would be extremely hard to get to, especially to study. the environment is dangerous from the pressure, temperature, and the fact that there are erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes. nasa has been developing possible solutions to these risks. or maybe we should think of them as challenges. the author wrote. one possible solution would allow scientists to float above the fray. one of the problems with this such solution is that the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere prevent indepth scientic discovery and any sort of collection of rocks or gases. in this scenario they would have limited vision and be at temperatures of about  degrees fahrehit. this is, not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. according to the author. it is survivable, but they have limited vision and cannot collect anything to study unless they alter their plans and place themselves in far more danger. nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus, such as some simplified electronics which when placed in conditions simulating venus have lasted for three weeks in such conditions.. they looked at older technology as well, some dating back towards world war ii. the author of the article speaks about these things in development, but gives no information on how they could be used. if the devices were to be used like a probe, getting past the frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface would be another added difficulty. in the challenge of exploring venus, the article does not support the idea of studying venus despite its dangers very well. he talks about the dangers and possible solutions, but never what they would be able to get out of those missions to study. all in all, the article does not have sufficient data to say that the outcome is worth the risk.