this new technology is valuable in the classroom. this is due to the fact that it can recognize different facial movements. this then helps the software be able to tell what kind of emotion he or she is expressing. knowing the emotion of a student on the subject they are learning, can really tell someone how that student feels about the learning process. this is critical because it will make the learning process of a student much easier depending on how they learn, and also depending on how they are in character. using this new technology will help students learn in a much better way in the classroom. a teacher in the classroom might not be able to look around at every student and be able to tell if the student is learning the subject well. using this new technology could enhance the ability of a student to learn better. by recognizing if the student is confused, the computer will automatically modify the lesson. this is very critical because not every student in the classroom learns the same way as others, modifying a lesson based on how they learn could most certainly teach a student the lesson better. as stated in paragraph , a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, after recognizing this, the computer will then change the format of the lesson. thus, making the students comprehension better. students in every classroom vary not just in the way they learn, but also in their behavior. a student might not be able to express and talk about their feelings. there is always an introvert in the classroom who might be afraid to speak up. in paragraph  it is stated, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, this means that the computer will be able to effectively understand what someone is thinking without the use of words. using this system will help a student, who is not able to express him or her self clearly, use his or hers facial expressions as their voice. knowing the ways students learn could enhance their ability of learning that subject much better. this new technology is able to tell just that. teachers cant go around to every student of every class and ask them how they feel about the lesson. also, there is no need for an introvert student to speak up if they dont want to. this only puts them under a lot of pressure, thus decreasing the chances that he or she will learn. the use of this technology in the classroom could even add a sense of love for the subject. the facial action coding system could make the way students aquire knowledge better and can make their futures brighter by simply reading their emotions.