having driverless cars will be insanely dangerous. its understandable that many comanys want to make this type of car because, well, its . the future is now, but theres a very important reason why they havent come out, and thats becuase of how dangerous they are. also the cost of the creation of a driverless car that is safe will be beyond the imagination. starting of, in , bmw started developing traffic jam assistant, on paragraph  it states that the car speeds up to  mph, but it has special sensors that make sure the driver is still holding to the wheel. its like that for the majority of smart cars. the cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, yet they still require human assistance. these companys can make as many driverless cars as they need but none of the ones that have been developed so far have worked as  driverless. secondly, these producers often dont realize that its not only expirienced adults that are going to be driving thsese cars, but teenagers too. teenagers arent the most smart when it comes to safety on the roads. they have their friends, phones, radio, any type of distraction and now they also have to worry about if the driverless car is going to need the help of a human? finally , technology is unexpected. weve al seen the movies, and all though they are fiction, it can definitely happen. no on egetting in their driverless car cna know if the technology will fail while the driver is in a busy road or if itll act up when leats expected. it is a very dangerouse situation if your driverless car suddenly syops an dyou dont understand why. theres already a million things that can go wrong with regular cars, now imagine the things that could happen in a car that you, yourself arent even in control of. driverless cars are very dangerous. theres not a way possible that a teenager could handel that much responsability. the driverless cars will not ever be  just the car, they will always need human help. everything could go wrong with technology. tesla has projected a release this year for a car capable of driving an autopilot  of the time, as said on paragraph . audi, and nissan are planning to have a car that can drive itself by , the future is now.