the sea is calling me and you to whom it may concern, have you ever met someone who is or was a seagoing cowboy? well, if your awnser is no then its all about to change. hi my name is luke, and i am a seagoing cowboy. i really want to encorage others to become seagoing cowboys because we need more people to complete the jobs. so come on out and serve your country with the seagoing cowboys! first of all, i have multiple reasons why should join us. like its a lot of fun. ok, so you didnt hear this from me but some times after we drop the cattle off we like to go into the empty stalls and play games like tennis and volley ball. due to that this job really dosent feel like a job at all. if you like to have fun and take care of animals then a seagoing cowboy is the right job for you. also, this is a once in a lifetime chance. when i was offered this deal i jumped on it immediantly because i knew that if i didnt that i would never get another chance like this again. plus, you probally wont have to join the military. for me this counted as my service. futhermore, we do many things in this program such as take care of animals. i get to go down everyday to feed them and i always am able to pet and play with them. as i said before we also play many games to keep us entertained because we have alot of time on our hands. so everyday is like another mini party. as you probally know we have to drive a huge boat filled with animals across the ocean. so we alternate drivers. we always want to make sure that everyone gets a chance to have fun and sleep. but, even though were making amazing memoriess all of us need to do are fair share of the work . finally, i have many memories of my own to share. starting with i made a record by heading out on a cattle trip  times! maybe you could also set a record? i know that i have made it pretty clear that i have had fun. but i have also gotten my share of bumps and bruises over the years. beside that is no match to the pain i felt before this job. here i feel safe and in my old life i didnt. i was working  part time jobs. one at a grocery store and one at a bank. plus i didnt get very good py and i wasnt happy. but now i am. everyday is amazing thanks to my job that is so great that it dosent even feel like one. so in conclusion i love my job! i think that you should try it out. if it dosent sound appealing to you then just give it a spin. i really do belive that you will like it as much as i did. maybe you can set a new world recored! or maybe just a pearsonal one. but which ever record you want to set or what job you pick, just pick the one that makes you happy. dont go out and do somthing boring like i did at first. just find what you love and do it. you only live one life one time. so why not live it to the fullest? best wishes, luke!