at night time, when you look at the evening star, youre also looking at a planet called venus. venus is also known as earths twin, which is a very incredible planet, one that is almost similar to earth itself. however, we dont know much about the planet itself. for astronomers and scientists, exploring venus had lead to nothing but failure one drone after another. the author from the article explains in great detail on why these group of scientists shouldnt give up but instead should push themselves harder to reach that goal. venus is a complicated planet for scientists to explore. humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours, paragraph . with the temperatures being an average of  degrees fahrenheit on the planets surface, the thick layer of almost  percent carbon dioxide in its atmosphere, and the surface having a pressure that is  times greater than our ocean floors, its very difficult almost impossible for scientists to even understand the basics of the planet. the author also explains why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? paragraph . well, in paragraph  the author also tells us that astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. after hearing that fact, who wouldnt want to learn more about venus and, with the advancements of technology and discovring new materials, the goal for exploring venus may come true one day. with the issue of trying to explore venus means scientists needs to come up with a new approach which in paragraph  explains perfectly well, nasa is working on other approaches to studying venus. for example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbine have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ii. the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. by comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. even with the advancements of technology today, we still need help from technology back then too. with our thirst for knowledge and understanding a force we dont understand yet, pushes us to do wonderous things. the author of this article helped show us if we managed to successfully make it to venus and study the forces within it. we may have a second earth in our solar system and our journey to the stars will have finally begun.