how would a person guess one would survive under the conditions venus presents? astronomers, space geniuses, and article writers alike believe that it would be well worth the risks to explore the planet. the author supports their claim that venus is worth the risks to explore by saying that it is the closest in regards to planetary visits, the conditions it presents are not easy but survivable, and human curiosity will eventually lead us to it. the author states that venus has many features that are analogous to earth. in paragraph four, the author states astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this sentence is helpful in relation to the authors point because it states that astronomers believe that venus used to be extremely similar in relation to earth. it also states, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this sentence further proves his point by explaining the parts of venus that are similar to earth. the author also states that venus conditions are not easy, but they are survivable. in paragraph five, the author states ...temperatures would still be toasty at around  degrees fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. these two sentences prove that venus conditions are more extreme than earths, but that humans would be able to survive with the technology and manipulation that exist today. the authors point is proven because it is stated that the conditions can be survived. lastly, the author states that humans natural curiosity will lead them to visit venus, or do something with more or equal risks. in paragraph eight, it is stated that striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. this statement is proving the authors point by saying that although visiting venus presents risks, so do many other things that humans have accomplished. visiting venus has both value to the planet and to humans. the author is stating that venus is humans best chance to explore another planet. venus is closer than other planets, replicates earths conditions in a more extreme way, as well as the fact that humans are naturally curious. with enough will power from normal people and astronomers alike, humans can make visiting venus possible.