i agree we should use the facial action coding system to read students emotional expressions in class to help teachers create a better teaching system and for students to recieve a better education. students sometimes dont get the proper education they need all because some are either too shy to ask questions when they are confused or they zone out because the teachers teaching method is their learning method. with the facial action coding system those type of problems can help make a teacher a better teacher and a student a good student. when you walk in a class you see most students looking at the teacher but that doesnt gurantee you they are listening. a class computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored is what dr.haung predicts the facial action coding system can do. if a student is confused but is to shy to ask so they rather stay in doubt, the computer will let the teacher know and she or he will be able to go to the student and make sure he or she understands. when a student is bored, this new technology will let the teacher know that their student is bored and the teacher can then also help their student by asking them what way they learn better, becuase maybe the teachers method of teaching is not the students best way of learning but doesnt say. most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication with the help of this new technology we can automatically know how the other person is feeling and we wont have to ask that person how they are feeling, since sometimes humans dont like to express their emotions when they are sad, upset, or confused. the use of the facial action coding system would lead to a better learning system for the students and will even help teachers understand their students. humans will be able to commicate and understand each other with the help of this technology. and if a student is upset and fakes a smile this new tecnology will be able to see right through it and the student will get the proper attention. simple face expressions can lead us to discover so much emotions within a single person. like they say actions speak louder than words which in this case facial actions do speak louder than words.