are smarter cars really better? what are these cars capable of? driverless cars should come to an end because the driver must be alert at all times, the driver might get distracted or bored and they are illegal in most states. driverless cars can drive themselves. its like watching a pet bird. you still have to be around to make sure nothing happens. in the th paragraph, it states,they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. you are just babysitting the car and you could easily get bored because its not a baby. why would you buy a car you cant even drive? why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? wouldnt drivers get bored waiting on theit turn to drive? you could get distracted fast, especially if you have a short attention spand. for instant, you have to drive  hours and you have nothing to do because you are not driving. thats a cause for distracting and then diaster.safety is a big concern. and thats why its not legal in most states. smarter cars are illegal in most states. in the th paragraph, it states that lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. as a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computerdriven cars. these cars are illegal because there is a lot of untested things that could go wrong. most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedstrians safe. if these driverless cars are crashing into each other, no one going to be safe. smarter, driverless cars are not better if people are getting hurt. distracted drivers, that must be alert at all times in unsafe, illegal cars are bad thing for society.we grow closer to the destination every day. drive safe.