unmasking the face on mars after reading this passage did it make you think about if you were a scientist at nasa? well it made me think if i were a scientist there and someone thought the face was aliens, and i would have to persuade them its not using the passage to the left. so today that is what im going to be writing about. heres some resons stated in the passage that lets me know its not aliens, research showed that it was a martian mesa with unusal shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh, research showed it was only a natural landform, and it also shows that its not easy for scientist to find cydonia and not everyone was satisfied with results. as stated in paragraph two scientist stated that it was just another martian mesa thats common around that part of mars, and it had unusual shadows that made it look like an egyptian pharaoh. a few days later after that mars relsed a picture to the public with the caption huge rock formation the picture was captioned huge rock formation to show to the public that the face they seen in mars was just a natural rock formation. the artical also said that it was also formed by showdows giving the rock things that look like eyes, nose ,lips, and mouth. further more even after eighteen long years some scientist still thought that the land formation in mars was a alien artifact, so in  they went back and did more research and wanted to get a better picture. so on april th  when michal and his ocd team snapped a picture of alien artifact ten times sharper than the first picture. thousadnds opf web surfurs were waiting on the oicture to be relased to see if it really was an alien artifact, and when the picture was finally revealed all it showed was a natural land form. it showed a natural land form because the camera was better and they wanted to prove that it was just a land form and not an alien monument after all. in addition alot of people were still not satisfied with what scientist found out in . they thought that the face o mars is located at a  degrees north martian latitude and it was winter in april  and it wes a cloudy time of a year for the red planet and they had to look though alot of clouds so some of the markings were a haze. and mission control said that its not easy to find that part of mars and that its hard work and that they dont pass over the face very often but in  on a cloudless day in cydonia mission control went i for a second look and they rolled the camera  degrees in on the center of the face in the field veiw and the picture was  times bigger than before and the picture still showed that it was not a face and that it was a natural land form and it looked like a couple of land forms on earth. in conclusion all three of the times they went to mars and took a picture it always showed that it was not a face and that it was a natural landform instend.