i am totally for the development of driverless smart cars in every way. of course their are multiple reasons why someone would not like the idea of smart cars but their are so many pros to match the cons such as possibly less accidents, less energy wasted on driving, less gas used from driving, more civilized and smoother driving. the development of smart cars is a great step forward in civilization. many people would be scared that theire would be a malfunction of sorrts or a possible miscalculation in the car that would result in a crash or a possible death of a person. my response to that is that people crash and are killed due to the human error of drivers everyday. as long as the car is built properly and that all safety issues and regulations are met i think that smart cars may well be safer than any human behind the wheel. people use so much gas and cause so much pollution while driving. i think that if smart cars do become a reality they would drive straighter and steadier therefore reducing the amount of gas used and reducing the amount of pollution caused by human drivers. so many acciddents are caused from someone falling asleep at the wheel. with the reality of smart cars becoming so prevalent the amount of accidents caused by sleepy drivers are sure to fall. as shown in the passage a driver will be alerted when the car is ready to become human driven.therefore the driver may wait or sleep until their vehicle alarms them to wake up and take the wheel. how many times a day does an average person get mad at another person for poor driving. someone may have not waited their turn at a four way stop or maybe someone was driving ten or so under the speed limit. well with the revolutionary self driven smart car those anger issues will become a thing of the past. people will no longer be upset about the poor driving of another human being due to the self driven smart cars natural instinct to drive well and civilized under most situations. those were the reasons why i am fully in support of the creation of self driven cars and that is why i believe that the development of driverless smart cars are a huge step forward in civilization.