inroduction in this article the challenge of exploring venus it talks about how venus is the hottest planet even though murcury is closer to the sun. it also talks about the nasa how they sending humans to sudy venus. the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers its presents because its cool to learn all the things about venus but its also is a dangerous place to go to study it. i say that because in paragraph  they said even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrive sulfuric acid in venuss atmosphere. you wil have to keep ur helment on when you go to venus because sulfric acid is a very dangerous chemcial , and if you inhale that or your skin come in contact with that  you might died. venus is the hottest planet, vnus had the hottest surface tempertaure of any planet in our solar syate, even when murcury is closer to our sun. for example  on the panets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenhiet, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we exprience on our own planet. i chose that because it explains how hot it is and how dangerous it can be. another great example is that beyond high pressure and heat, venusian geology and wether present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes , powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. the reason i chose that is because venus can cause alot of dangerous things but also its fasinating what venus can do and how venus is. nasa is using so much technology so they can get as much information on venus and how it works. so they going to keep senidn humans to that planet to figure out is venus was just like earth. for example  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. i chose that because it just texplained why nasa keep sending humans out to venus. furthermore today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. i chose that because they getting more and more details on how venus was just like earth in some ways. for example  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familar feature s such as valleys, mountains, and craters. i cose that because that can be another option for humans to go there if something happenes to earth and we can have somewhere else to live. for example not easy conditions, but suvivable for humans. i chose that because it lets you know that even though its dangerous its still a good place for humans. to sum things up i think its worthy to study venus because you can learn so much about venus and how its so much like earth. for example our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expande o meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. i chose that because even though its dangerous you should still go visit venus and have a good imagination on how it would be if it was just like earth. its a lot different and experiental because you get to leave earth and study more thing then just whats on earth. its also challenging but its also so cool to see so much different things and it can be scary because you soooo many miles away from home every second you in space is a year that pass by. conculsion just go to have fun but also study and see kind of things you will find out , out there. for example earths twin, venus is the clostest planet to earth in term of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. thats also a fact that venus can be just like earth because its right next to the earth.