the author claims studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it brings. venus is the second planet from our sun and is referred to as earths twin. venus is the closet planet to earth in terms of density and size, and is sometimes the closest in distance too. venus is also a very challenging planet to examine closely. exploring venus will be very challenging for humans but it will also comes with benefits if we succefully can do it. exploring venus is it that challenging? venus is very challenging for humans to explore or examine. in the text it states humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. this proves exploring venus would be very challenging due to many factors humans would have to deal with. venus surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atomospheric pressure is  times greateer that what we experience on earth.venus also has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. these conditions are very dangerous, and this type of an environment can crush a submarine used for diving into the deepest parts of our oceans. these are just some conditions, but all of them are very harsh. we will need to construct a spacecraft that can handle all these harsh conditions in order for us to land on venus successfully. despite all the challenges we would have to deal with, exploring venus will come with benefits. studying venus would be a huge accomplishment for humans. exploring venus will come with a good amount of benefits. in paragraph four it states  astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this means if we successfully examine venus we can find out the history venus. we would be able to awnser our human curiosity. we can possibly also see if there is a way to convert venus into being more habitable. exploring venus will come with so much benefits that are beyond our imagination. in conclusion exploring venus will be very challenging for humans but it will also come with benefits if we successfully can do it. venus is truly worthy of pursuit because of all the unawnsered information we would recieve from venus. the author also states in paragraph  our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.