i strongly believe that we have found something on mars and that it is just a natural landform. their are many ways people can take this matter but since i am a scientist at nasa i can tell you what really happened. people may or may not believe me but i know what happened and i hope that you can listen to what i have to say. aliens in my opinion are not real and i strongly think that they only way that a face would be on mars is by a rock formation that happened. when we looked at the pictures that they found of the rock formation there we saw a head,nose,and a mouth but ther were also formed by shadows. then came mars blobal surveyor and helped out and got more pictures from the rock. they got pictures that were ten times sharper then the orginal pictures. after all they concluded that there was no alienen moument at all and that is was made out of rock. the people thought that it was a alien moument and got frustrated and that we were wrong. of course there had been things about it on tv shows and radio talked and maybe even in grocery stores. you might think that we wnated to hide from what we saw because it wasnt what we would have hoped for. the truth is that we didnt want to make up something that wasnt real because then everybody would believe that and then it would be also bad for nasa. nasa goes into outer space and we find stuff that we havent known about and that interests us and makes us what to go out there more. when people then make up things about hiding it they only think about what people around them that are saying. they dont go up to space and they dont see what we see in space. even if there were life we would share that but lieing to people about life in mars is not right. its not fair for people to think that their is life just because we saw a face. we even had help from other people to help us. they helped us with the pictures and with those pictures we could also tell there wasnt life. i concluede that what we have found is real and that there was only a rock foundation. we dont want people believeing that wrong thing and for nasa then that also would be bad because then we couldnt discover all new things that we found to everyone. i hope that i have convinced you why there wasnt an alien monument but just a rock formation from mars.