my position on driverless cars is that i would enjoy to see them traversing the roads. they can alert people of hazards on their path at anytime due to the sensors they have, smart cars can do most of the work while the driver just has to stay alert just incase of complicated traffice issues, and its possible to text in the car while its driving itself. the smart cars can alert the drivers of anything hazardous coming up in the roads with its sensors. therefore if a driver is doing something else the car will immediately alert the driver to take action to avoid any problems or damage. the text states they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. this textual evidence supports the point that these cars can alert drivers of hazardous or required human skills. then they can also do all the work only need help when in need. the smart car can do all the average driving, but will request assistance when handed complicated traffic problems. smart cars can do drive by themself most of the time and they can alert the driver to get aid. the text states in reality, google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since . their cars had driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, google cars arent truly driverless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. the textual evidence given supports the point that these cars can do the work as long as its not too complicated and in need of human skills. then they finally can help people who text and drive due to its safety functions. the fact that smart cars can drive by themselves and actually alert the driver to take actions can mean that people who text will be able to live better. the functions of the smart car has headsup displays and an alert function that vibrates the drivers seat to alert the driver to take action of problems. the text states some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. in this way, the incar system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern. those are my supporting details about my position and thoughts on driverless cars. my position on driverless cars is that i approve of them and think they should be thought of and finished. they can alert drivers of any hazards, so they can take action, they require no help unless confronted by complicated traffice issues, and people have the ability to text in the car unless of an emergency that has been alerted to the driver to take action of whats happening.