can you imagine riding on a car that you dont have to drive but it keeps moving it byself. that sound crazy but amazing! google cofounder sergeny brin came up with the idea of making a new type of cars he called  driverless cars. looks like the manufactures will control you while you drive. it will be like your car is your driver. first, the cars that coming up soon was amazing inside and its techologhy type of cars, they cn steer, accelerate and brake themselves. drivers seat attention whenever a problems occures. gm has developed drivers seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. the cool things about this car is there will be cameras to watch the drivers so that drivers can focused on the road. while the drivers watched the road, the car watches the driver. this will an awesome car that ever made in an entire world. second of all, lets look at the information about driverless car to deep deepber. sometime new things are not always great and they could be our life failer .imagine youre on the roads riding a smart car and you dont have to do anything. all you do is to sit in the car and do nothing.one thing that im worry about is what if technology fails and youre in injuired, who fault would it be, your fault or the manufacturer? we have to think what will cause a head of time before we came up with the idea of making things. dont you think we should think more about safety first in every thing we do. for example, in school the teacher and adults think safety first thats what first come in their mind. its not that theyre afriad of to take responsibility or anything. all they want is to help the kids, the students to be in safety and learn comfortable. i believe that driverless cars would cause a lot of damage and trouble for the passger and driver. its techology, we never know things could be wrong while we ride on it.i feel like this new coming up cars is not safety for us. driverless cars will be making into an amazing cars, will have everything more like cameras and gps. you dont have to worry about anything, it will tell you what is things go around you and let you know. there will be cameras to watch you driving, so that you can focus on the road. while you watch the roads the car will watched the driver. this car will me amazing!