i think having the facial action coding system would be great technology to have in schools. in pragraph  it states  eckman has classified six basic emotions  happiness, surprise, anger, disgust,fear, and sadness dalto, . if you mix these emotions together you can see all the mixed emotions a person can have and fee and not just a basic emotion. someone could have a mixture of happiness and disgust at the same time and the system would have recognized the emotions the person was feeling. this technology would be really effective to have when students are testing or doing a lesson. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lessons, like an effective human instructor. dalto . this claim that the author made really put things more into prespective on how this new technology would be a great idea to have in schools. not only would this type of technology help the students but it would also help the teachers. if the student looks confused and the computer recognized this, the teacher can then figure out other ways help the student with the lesson and have a better understanding. the computer can also modify the lesson for the student, so they dont struggle as much while doing the lesson the teacher had asked them to do. to an expert, faces dont lie these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful. dalto . this could also help when students are lying. some students dont want to get in trouble so what they then would do is lie. this would help when the teacher thinks the student isnt being  truthful or honest. i also think that this would be very useful in other places and not just schools. this technology can be used when anyone in general isnt being fully honest and can help in any situation. in conclusion, i think this would benifit a lot of schools and a lot of other places. this technology can help many students on homework and the teachers with any troubles they might run into while teaching a lesson and help students have a better understanding with what they are learning.