think of all the things we humans have accomplished. we know how to fly in the air, breathe underwater, and travel on water. and now wehave cars that can be driverless. im going to discuss my opion on driverless cars first, off the saft of the car. the car is safe, it has sensors that are more advanced to detedt and respond to dangers on the road. the information given from these sensors can cause the car to apply the brakes, its reaction is alot better than a human one. the car can handle driving up to  mph. on the other hand there are special tough sensors that make sure the driver keeps a hold on to the wheel. even though the car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, they are still dessinged to notify drivers when the road needs human skills. the driver musr be alert the whole time if there comes a time to take the wheel. manifactures bring entertainment in the car, but also safty, it alerts right away, so the system of the car is safe, and safty is of more concern than entertainment. secoundly, expenses.the dream of driving cars without human assisnt is almost her, but the prices or high. the techonlogy they use is advanced and cost alot. and the question is, will we be able to afford such cars. some devices cost about two hundred million dollars. the cost should probably be reasonable if they would liek people to by there cars. thirdly, the laws of the driverless car. they should have laws about safty and regulations about these cars. new laws can help strengthen the safty of those driving this car.and if someone gets hurt than its the drivers fault if there are any indications that the driver was reckeless. but if there is proof that the manifacture is at fault then they should face the repricutions.maybe later in our future we can have more states approve of computer driven cars. i belive that these cars will be safe and that are furture is advancing, as long as these cars are safe and can prevent accidents, then me as a driver is on the side of driverless cars.