there are many advantages for limiting car usage. for example the article german suburb, life goes on without cars, explains how many people have gone without a car and how they felt. in paris when driving was banned, traffic went down . car free day was a big deal in bogota, colombia. in germany, suburbs went on without cars and some had a positive affect and some had negative thoughts about it. parking in streets driveways and garges were forbidden. if a car owner wanted to park they would have to buy a space for ,. heidrun walter, a mother and media trainer said  when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. automobiles are a big deal or resource in the suburbs, but people who decided to not drive their cars, reduced greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes, cars are responsible for  of greenhouse gas emissions and up tp  percent in some car intensive areas in the united states, which is stated in paragraph . ever since world war  everythings been centered around a car. as a call of action, the enviromental protection agency is promoting  car reduced communites. paris banned driving because of smog ? to reduce the amount of smog, paris banned cars from being driven and if driven you would have to pay a  fine! not only did the smog reduce but also congestion reduced down to  percent in the capital of france. warmer air trapped car emissions due to cold nights. when the smog cleared by monday, the ruling was removed. in bogota, colombia cars had been bannd for  straight years. millions of colombians hiked, biked,skated,walked, or took busses to wherever they wanted to go. the goal was to reduce smog and alternative transportation. even when it rained, it didt effect people ad what they were doing. two other colombian cities joined the no cars ruling. even buisnees men like carlos artuto plaza didnt use cars, but rode on a twoseat bicycle with his wife. enrique riera, the mayor of asuncion , paraguay visited to see the action of no cars and quoted  these people are generating a revolutionary change and this is crossing borders. in conclusion, advanatges for limiting car usuage are too many, for example reducing smog, reducing gas or diesel fuel thats being used for cars, banning or limiting car usuage has effected alot of countries and citys and also helped reduced congestion!!!