the use of this technology to read the emotional expressing of students in a classroom is valuable. teachers and parents may say this will now better help them to know how well their student is actually learning based off his or her awarness to things. while others may say the use of this machine is uneccesary. my belief would have to be this technology would be a great fit to help you better understand how one may feel about something or someone. a person who would argee to this technology being a benefit might say it will help them better understand their child. teachers could say this would benefit them in their part of teaching only because knowing how their student feels on such things will help them to make sure to have new ways of teaching for their students to now be happier in the classroom. the author states, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional conversations. by saying this he wants to show that this maching could benefit someone while having a conversaton because their emotions are not always detectable. while one could also say this machine is benefical someone could also disagree by saying this machine could give to much information to the wrong person. while having this machine a person could detect an emotinal or sad state of mind that you are feeling but you would not want them to know. hiding your emotions from the world may cause you to be stressed out all the time, and holding in those emotions could hurt you as a person such as changing you completely. allowing yourself to be completely open to a human is something that takes time, it could take even longer for someone to allow a machine to scan their emotions. some can say they have mixed emotions about this machine. they may state it will benefit the teachers to better teach their students, while also saying the reason they are against this machine is because it could mentally break down a person. not allowing yourself to show these emotions or allowing yourself to hide these emotions hurts. although, explaining things to someone may be considered easy to some when stating they already know exactly what they feel and how to do with it, but is this true? everyone can state their own opinion whether it may be they are for this machine or they are against it but not every one will agree with eachother. stating your own opinion has its pros and cons, some opinions can get you in trouble while other opinions can benefit you down the road. this machine could have its own benefits to helping someone who is seeking for help but it could also break someone as a person for this machine is allowing others to recognize how one is feeling. whether one is for this or against it there will always be things that we have to face even if we do not like them.