dear mr. senator, it has come to my, as well as many others attention, that the presidential election is something that could potentially have disasterous outcomes. you, and many polititions like yourself, have been using a system called the electoral college that people such as richard nixon, bob dole, and jimmy carter have been suggesting to demolish for years now. personally, i find it quite alarming that although this process has been with us for all of this time, we have found the flaws yet still continue to take the risks. this is not simply about picking a president anymore, this is about the freedom of america. all in all, the electoral college at face value seems like a good idea for choosing a winner. it seems to make sense that we would choose electors who the president trusts that would elect him president, but when you think about it, something feels rather off. first of all, the general public places their ballots in the appropriate box believing that they are voting for their ideal candidates. in reality, however, they are voting for their electors instead. most people who vote are unaware of this factor, and the lack of information pertaining to it is unsettling. not only that, but the electors are not chosen by the people. does this not contridict by the people, for the people? where exactly do these people fit in? furthermore, the electors cannot always be trusted with voting for their respective candidates. this is something referred to as the disaster factor. while most who are picked by the candidate themself are trustworthy, electors are people who are not in office, therefore may not be as trusting. electors are an uncertain factor and in some complex cases, even two slates for electors can be sent which could create a hectic mess. if you are going to vote for a president who you wish to win, and your vote goes to an elector that wont come through, it takes all of the power away from the people and places it right back into the states hands. another thing to consider when pondering the validity of this process is the potential of a tie with electoral voting. in this case, the election would be in the power of the house of representatives, and the representatives from each state would decide the winner. we have had many opportunities for a tie during the elections, one even being the difference of , in ohio and , in hawaii. the problem with this is the loss of power within the nation. once again, the people will no longer have a say in the voting and the energy it took them to decide on a candidate and go out to vote will be for virtually nothing. the people will no longer be represented. if something like this were to happen to our country, surely people from every state would be outraged. now, you may be thinking to yourself, why should i be worried? sure, it is unlikely to get a tie in the electoral votes. however, something as huge as deciding the leader of this country should not have even a single flaw in it. horrible and unexpected things happen everyday, why couldnt we get a tie as well? now, the main problem with getting rid of the electoral college is the possibility of runoff elections. in defense of this, the electoral college is the main reason that we have runoff elections in the first place. it prevents people in certain areas from voting because they feel as if they will have no say in the final result. even if people still voted for the fun of it, it was only because of chance or political preference. with an election by popular vote, the chances of a runoff election would be significantly lower as people would realize the power they had in deciding it. as you finish reading this, i ask you to consider all of the points i have made. i am certain that choosing to elect by popular vote would have more benefits than sticking to the old and flawed plan, the electoral college. endless proof points to the conclusion that this theory is correct, as the process of picking electors to elect the president is redundant and confusing. finally, with all of the things that could go wrong, using a new system would be one step forward in making our nation even greater. from, proper_name