driverless cars i first heard of on the news  years ago in . i was alittle kid, around the age of  or  so it quickly caught my attetion. cars that could drive without mom i thought. so that could mean on are trips to chicago to see are cousins we could all watch a movie, instead of me, my brother and sister. but as i got older and studied more i relized that cars that could drive themselves were not exaclty coming to the public as quick as the creators talked about them. shortly after the beggining of the article the author tells about google cars that drive independently under specific conditons since . so whats the problem since they can drive by themselves. a main stance that is repeted in the article is that what will happen when road constuction happen, other drivers on the road and accidents. i gurantee most people driving dont wake up and say, before i go to work im going to have a car crash. thats a big step they have to figure out before they ask lawmakers to change the laws of self driving vehicles. fault is a big concern in this matter as well. lets look  years into the future, you just got your tax return and your looking into buying a self driving car. so after a week you say, hey, this could really be usefull. and you buy it. weeks passbuy and one day you put it in selfdrive while you at a stop light to send a text. the light turns green and it begins to move alittle to faster than usaul, you look and know ones in front so you say everythings good, you look down to send the text and all of a sudden a car comes out of no where and crashes into you. the car is sposed to stop have sensors to tell it to stop when a another vehicle is near, but this time a malfuntion happens. is it the car companies fault, this agurment can go extremely deeper than you think. but as i read the article my stance still stood on the exicitment of the fact that the car could drive its self. but i cant still ignore the possibal crashes that could happen. and the fact that the companies will try to say that they are not at fault for eny crashes that happen in with human control, or self driving control. but for now i would have to say that an incredibal amount of test shold take place, and driving certification centers know the specs of the vehicles.