the article, making mona lisa smile, the author tells about a new technology called the f.a.c.s. it stands for facial action coding system. the system enables computers to identify human emotions. i think that the use of this technology, to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. yes, there are some aspects of the technology that cause some concerns to people, sure. though it may be difficult to except this new technology for some, but in my opinion i would have to say that i think this is a valuable form of technology. they gave the example of how they used the famous known painting by leonardo da vinci, mona lisa. this painting includes the portrait of mona lisa. she is smiling in the slightest with her hair down and her emotions appear to be happy. the facial action coding system f.a.c.s. used the painting to see if it could recognize her emotions. the results appeared to be  happy,  disgusted,  fearful, and  angry. of course we cannot really know if that was her real feeling at the time but the system concluded that was what she was feeling at the time. they make the point that we can tell if a friend of ours is happy, sad, angry, fearful, etc.. though we can not tell for sure, and we definitely would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys all the possible emotions we have. the computer system would make it so we would be able to identify what emotions we were having if needed. the new computer software would store similar anatomical information as electronic code. the f.a.c.s. enables the computers to identify our emotions to an extent that we can not. the system would be helpful in many different situations. if we had computers that could do such things as they said in office buildings, hospitals, etc.. it would help out a ton. in office buildings they could be used by many people to determine if youre happy with your job or what youre doing at the time being. in hospitals it would be helpful to determine how the patient is feeling. you could put one computer in every room to help and see if a persons facial expressions could tell how they feel at the moment. it would benefit the nurses or the doctors so they would know how often to check up on the patient. the most helpful place they could be would be in schools. many teachers give out assingments on the computer most of the time now. if we had the f.a.c.s. in our schools it would help to tell the teachers if we are learning. our facial expressions give off a lot more information then we would think. as the author said in the article in paragraph six, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored if we had the facial action coding system, it could help the teachers by reporting to them if we seem like we either have the information learned or if we were having difficulties with the homework. our face tells a lot, according the the article and dr. huang. with the f.a.c.s most of them can all be told. it is a valuable system that most schools should have to determine the emotional expressions each student has. it could raise grades if the teachers would know if we were struggling just by the facial expression we make while doing our homework, test and projects. it is a very advanced system that could cause some problems for sure but the benefits would be outstanding.