how do i know the author supports this idea? i know the author is supporting this idea because he is giving examlpes on how studying venus can be very dangerous, but he also explains to you on why people take that risk to keep studying venus. the author also gives out facts about venus to give you a better understanding on why some people still study venus. some facts he gives out are venus is the second planet from our sun. while is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it has proved very challenging place to exaimine more closely. with this statement this gives us a better understanding on how dangerous it can be to study this planet. this statment also gives us a prespective on why people want to study this planet as well. the author then explains how nasa has one possible idea for sending humans to study venus. the author continues to give facts about how challenging this study could be. he states nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. this does sound very exciting and interesting. even to think about studying or sending life to this planet to study is very dangerous but is very intreaging. do i personally think it would be a good idea? i most definalty do not. i would not agree to go to a new planet that we know nothing about due to not having certian amount of resources needed. yes, we do have some knowledge, but we do not have enough knowledge to make me comfortable engough to even think about going. but for others that risk is something they would take. the author does make great, peruassive statements in parargaph eight like, striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equallu intimidating endeavors. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited bt dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the verty edges of imagination and innovation. studying venus is a risky and challenging task to take on. if this is sometihg that you find interesting or something you are very curious about maybe this is for you. after reading this article we now know the risks and challenges of studying venus. the author did a great job explaining risks, giving us back ground information, and explaining why others would want to study venus. the author most certainly does suppport this idea with the information he gave.