the planet venus is also known as the evening star, due to how it is one of the brightest points of light in the sky during the night. venus is also sometimes referred as the earths twin, this is because venus is the closest of the planets to earth when comparing density size, and occasionally distance. even though venus is safe to see from a distance, but it has been proven that venus is extremely dangerous when to close. venuss physical conditions are so lethal that trying to study the planet isnt worth the risk. furthermore, an article called the challenge of exploring venus states reasons otherwise, as how a way a human can examine venus with a special kind of technology. venuss conditions are so lethal that trying to study the planet isnt worth the risk. the atmosphere is almost  percent carbon dioxide surrounds venus. along with the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere of venus. in addition to, the planets conditions are very high compared to earth. for example, in paragraph  it states, on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this information reveals how lethal the planet venus truly is when compared to earth. secondly, nasa is working with an old electronic that further supports the idea of studying venus. even though this electronic is stated to survive the lethal conditions of venus, it isnt going to be retrievable from the surface of venus, as humans can only get as close as  miles from venuss surface. including, the piece of technology is extremelly old and outdated. for example, in paragraph  it states, these devices were first envisioned in the s and played an important role in the s during world war ll. this information proves against the authors point, and shows how invailed and outdated the technology is. to conclude, the study of venus was attempted and failed. knowing more information about venus will have no purpose because the living conditions are unstable. venuss conditions are so lethal that trying to study the planet isnt worth the risk. the temperatures are way to high and the air quality is sad. there is no technology at this moment that can survive the extreme physical conditions of venus. even if the technology is new or old. after all, earth is ten times better.