new technology is constantly popping up every day thanks to cell phones, computers, and all kinds of other devices we use on a daily basis. since we keep obtaining new technology, we also obtain new services that this technology can perform as well. one of the newest type of technological programs is one known as facs or facial action coding system. this program allows the technology to be able to detect the emotion on a persons face and which emotions they are currently feeling at that time. there is a possibility in the future for this technology to be used in classrooms everywhere to assist teachers and students. while the facs program is indeed a good one, i personally am against the use of it in the classrooms. heres why. the author writes in paragraph six, a classroom computer could recognize when a student it becoming confused or bored. he then proceeds to say, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. to me this sounds like teachers are getting a break when they should actually be stepping up. growing up in a time where school is all about standardized testing, good grades, and college, i can speak for every kid in the country when i say that we need our teachers now more than ever. if a student doesnt understand a subject or topic, then it should be the teachers responsibility to either help the student out themself, find another source of help for the student, find a way to make the sunject matter more appealing, or move the student into a different level of that class that may be easier for them to understand. there shouldnt be a computer that just changes the lesson and makes it easier for the kids because who is that going to help? while it is on the teachers to do their job and make sure that their students are able to succeed, a lot of the weight also falls on the students as well. kids should be able to take control of their own academic future and have the intelligence to ask for help when they need it. it teaches multiple valuable lessons to kids when they do so. it teaches them to not be shy or embarrassed and ask for help when help is needed, and it also shows them that not everyhting in life will be easy and come without a challenge. as kids we should be able to stand up for our education and future and have our teachers, not computers, help us like theyre meant to. in conclusion, i think that it is a bad idea to have facs technology in the classroom. as a generation in todays day and age, we are already criticized for being soft and not pushing our kids in school. if we use technology like this, will it really do anything but hurt our case as one of the smartest countries in the world? i believe that this technoloy should stay away from the classroom because it lets teachers get away with not helping their students, allows kids to get through school without getting help from the person who got a college degree to teach them, and it makes us the soft country that many people in the world think we already are.