why would we need technology to read our emotions? im against technology to read students. the technology to read emotion is useless and waste of time. not only that computers doesnt know emotions unless its operated in and most time it probably wont be right. mostly students wise, why or how would it influence our students to grow and learn from that. technology reading our emotions wont benefit us from anything but waste of time and money. our home pc cant handle the complex algorithms that decode emotion which means advanced technology. wont have enough money to support ourselves,the school and student. the article only gives reason examples of how the software works not why its needed. paragraph  states, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, nots dr.huang. why would we have the need to ask computer to know how someone is feeling. computers arent human and wont understand even if it was to read our emotions. they wont truely understand how we feel. in order for even the computer to read our emotions we need model of the faces and learn human anatomy for the muscles structure. all  major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. if we human can already tell the difference between other humans being expression than why would have the need to let computers know our emotions? students wouldnt learn anything from this technology. dr.huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. wouldnt we want human to interact more with other human being and go explore each culture around the world more? technology today already is influencing us a lot to connect with others and the technology around the world but as more technology are invented, humans would lose communication with other human beings. in my opinion, technology itself and ourself is seperating us, human beings from each other and more closer to our technology. human communication with another human is more enjoyable and better than to communicate with computers. most of us would spend million of bucks to get the newest technology but not even a thousand or two to go out and explore the world to interact with other humans being. so no, i wouldnt value the technology that will influence students when they wont learn anything or benefit from.