the use of the the facial action coding system technology in a classroom is valuable. the facs helps people read the emotional expressions of other people. this is valuable in a classroom because it can let teachers know how students are feeling of the lesson they are being teached and it can help them know how students are feeling in general. one reason why the facs is a great technology in a classroom because it can let teachers know how the students are feeling towards their lesson they are teaching to them. when students are being teached something, they some times show expressions on how they feel but tend to hide them. a classroom computer can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. this can help teachers find out why arent students understanding the subject they can either be bored or confused. students are some times scared to ask for help, but teachers knowing when students are confused, he teacher can help them individually. this is a great tool to use when students are failing classes, or having trouble understanding a lesson. without the facs many students could be failing their classes due to not knowing what they are doing. it is helpful for teachers to recoginze the students expression towards the subject, so they can figure out if students are confused. knowing that tecahers can give them extra help. another reason is it can help other people in the classroom figure out how their classmates are feeling. students arent always happy and some times have something tough going on with their lifes, they need that little motaviation to help them feel happy. imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are tryingto hide their emotions, notes nick. some times classmates arent really feeling happy, they could often have trouble smiling for several reasons. the technology can help others know how they are feeling so they can help other people with their problems they are facing. the facs is very useful for students who have friends in their class. friends some times lie about their emotions. the facs can let them know their emotions and can help them if they show saddness. in conclusion the facial action coding system to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. it is helpful in many ways. it helps teachers know when students are confused and are hvaing trouble understandin the lesson. it also helps classmates know how their friends in the classroom are feeling, by finding out their expression.