think about the time you felt extremely tired. that time where you could barely keep your eyes open, everything you heard was a blob, because you were simply zoned out. you were feeling tired. for me this time would be sitting in my english class learning about shakespeare. i felt as if the time were never ending in that class. students all around me had the same facial expression on them. facial expressions are a huge key of communication. when you are out in public you see many faces around, and you can easily assume their emotions and what they are feeling. with technology being a huge factor in todys society, we can now use it to determine someones emotion. i believe that using technology to read emotional expressions on students could really bring forth value in classrooms. students all over the school have different things going on. they show and deplict off different emotions at an instant. sometimes these emotions make it hard for students to concentrate in class during instructions or new lessons given by the teachers. referring back to the article, making mona lisa smile, nick dalto, the writer, writes about a new software called the facial action coding system. the new sytem was developed to determine the accuracy of emotions of people around us. if this software were to be implemented in our school, then this could be an advantage in shaping a better society. the software will help teachers determine the emotions students are feeling at the time of lecture. dalto quotes dr. huang, of the beckham institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, predicting that a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. once recognizing the emotions of the student, dr. huang continues predicting that the software can then modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this will help better the students understanding in a certain subject without feeling sidetracked or confused with the activites of the teacher. although many may argue that the use of this software may bring negative impacts, many like the high cost of implementing it to a public school for everyone to use, or what if the software doesnt work? i could reply by stating that students struggle daily in trying to understand a certain subject in school, this leads them to fail classes or simply drop out of high school. developing this new software will help students understand their lessons in school and stay focused. the software will also help counselors and teachers determine the emotions of their students. sadly, many high schoolers have committed suicide because people dont understand what they are feeling, implementing this software to schools will help reduce the rate of suicides and drop outs. in paragraph four of the article making mona lisa smile, the writer states by weighting the different units, the software can even indentify mixed emotions. this could help people to better understand each other. in conclusion, technology has greatly impacted our society and future generations. things all over us are changing, some changes are good and most may even bring forth new ideas, many like this new software. placing this new software in schools will help keep them out of confusion with their emotions and education. by the use of this software, students will no longer be falling asleep because the software will help the students concentrate better by adjusting to the abilities of the student to learn. the new system will also help decrease the rate of suicide and drop outs in schools. implementing new technology will only help make our future better. if we have the chance in changing the world and societies for the better, why not start by understanding each other and our emotions?