making new discoveries can be hard at times. especially if there are a lot of obsticles that are in the way, it can be quite difficult. we have an entire universe to discover, such as planets that can be further looked into. the planet earth has two planets that are very close at times. one of which we already have looked far into so why not look into the second planet that is closest, venus. venus is a planet that we are able to see from earth, even if some of us arent professional stargazers. this planet is very close to us at times and is why it can be somewhat easy for us to see. from what we have been able to see from this planet, is that venus is a, cloud draped world. as we have looked father into it, nasa can tell that there are mountains, valleys, craters, and also has rocky sediment. the look of venus has similar things as earth does. the way that venus looks, it seems that it would a cool and different place to live. with every good thing comes a bad thing. venus looks like it would be a good place to live but also has some flaws. the spacecrafts that have gone have been unmaned. its good that they were because venus gets very hot. although mercury is closer to the sun, venus still gets hotter. the reasoning for this is because of all the gasses that are surrounding it. having another planet that we could be able to go to would be extrordinary. with technology always evolving, i have no doubt that we will be able to visit venus one of these days. since we are always evolving, we could find ways of being able to go to venus despite the dangers. if nasa has been able to go to mars, then in a matter of no time we should be able to go to venus. venus could be the second earth, we are twins in terms of density and size. i think that what the author was stating in the passage could really be put to use. even though there might be a few flaws along the way, i think that we would be able to go to venus if we kept persuing it. if nasa is always looking into new ways of spacecrafts going to venus, they could find a way for the spacecraft to safely go there. after that then they could look into more things on venus and make new discoveries. venus would be a great idea to keep persuing.