what is the face what made the face? was it aliens or just a coqencedince? people have been asking this same question ever sence . well, in my opinion i think that it is just a big coquencedence. the photo has been inhaced so much that you can tell in just a mountain or rock but defently not a symble of alian life. the face of mars is defentilly just a rock formation in  when the rock formation was found they thought it was a coquencidence and they were right. in  they took another photo of the face of mars they had a beter camera with more pixels in it. this photo still does look like a face but you can also kinda see it starting took look like a mountain. then the last photo that was taken of the face of mars was in  and you can obviosly see that the so called face is just rock formation. the authore put this quote of someone from nasasay this as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, he added. so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptianstyle pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!. as you can see the even people at nasa dont even belive that it could be a monument of anything. the aouther of this passage also says what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west.. again as you can see the so called face is just coquencedence. some people still belive that this rock formation is a symbol of alian life. there main aurgument is that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists., and all i have to say about that is if there was life on mars nasa would be the first one to say somthing they dont relize that nasa would make so much money off of it. the most recent photo of the face has shown that if it was civilized we would see it. as you can see that the the face of mars is just a rock formation. people think that its a big conspiristy theroy, but it isnt its just a big coquencedence. if there is alians out there and some way its a symbol i just hope next time they make it a little more clear.