emotions are something everyone expierences everyday. on some people, emotions are hard to see by observing. however, on others people, emotions can easily be seen. computers that can calculate emotions allows for humans to know instead of guessing a persons emotions. humans and computers have been existing together for a long time. computers have helped humans keep information safe and gain more knowledge. computers have always been known to do just that keep information and knowlegde. but is that all computers are good for? in the article it states, dr. huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. this line demonstrates that experts are developing new technology that could allow for computers to interact more with humans. by developing the technology, new opportunities will arise and improve the quality of life. a common issue in this era is people accusing others of doing something they did not do. if someone accuses another of an emotion, that could possibly make the person mad even if that was not their original emotion. in the text it states,  most human communication is nonverbal, inlcluding emotional communication,  this line supports that humans tend not to communicate. therefore, accsuing someone of a certain emotion could be wrong. another line in the text states, of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc., this line proves humans have trouble recongnizing certain facial expressions. without the help of computers, humans struggle to read emotions of people such as their friends. however, happy, sad, anger, worry, etc. are not the only emotions especially for a teen. during school, teenagers show mutiple emotions. some may be more obvious than others. a common emotion for teens in school is boredom or confusion. sometimes a student does so well at hiding it that the teacher does not know what they are feeling. which is why computers could help figuring out the emotions. in the text it states,  a classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or board,  dr. huang predicts. this line demonstrates that students can get bored and confused with what they are doing in class. a teacher may change their teaching style but some may not know what is going on inside the students mind. this quote states, the same technology can make computeranimated faces more exspensivefor video games or video surgery. this line supports that showing emotions when in front of a computer screen will have a wide variety of benefits. showing facial expression could possibly improve games and other online tasks. computers have improved many things in life. calculating emotions is one of many amazing abilities of technology. by donating money to experts, who develop new technology, can allow them to create more ideas and show the world the successful invention.