20 September 2024 Share The rapid expansion of artificial intelligence (AI) in 2023 propelled it into the spotlight, prompting increasing questions over how AI could be used to support the healthcare system. Deployed well and in the appropriate contexts, AI has the potential to help the healthcare system overcome a range of challenges. With the field of AI evolving at pace, this primer has been developed to support healthcare organisations to navigate the noise. Intended for board members and wider teams, itdemystifies the language of AIandshowcases how organisations and systems are using it– and to what end. With more and more organisations exploring AI’s potential, this primer also suggestshow you can use early conversations with suppliers to consider whether an AI solution is what you need. Please note that not all definitions have an associated example as in many cases an example would be repeating the definition. The use of specialised software and technology to carry out repetitive tasks, following a set of instructions and workflows set out by humans. These tasks typically remain consistent over time and include actions like sending appointment reminders, missed appointment notifications, or even receipts after online purchases. If a task is not explicitly outlined in the instructions, the machine cannot perform it. Example: In healthcare, automation extends to patient monitoring, medication management and administrative tasks in hospitals and clinics. A set of well-defined rules or processes used by an AI system to conduct tasks such as discovering new insights, identifying patterns, predicting outcomes and solving problems. The capability of a computer system to mimic human cognitive functions such as learning, problem-solving, interpreting visual information, understanding, and responding to spoken or written language. AI uses maths, logic and patterns learned from data to simulate human reasoning and make decisions and recommendations. Example: In healthcare, AI can be used to enhance diagnostic processes, personalise treatment plans and manage healthcare data efficiently. Any information that can be processed or analysed to gain insights. Data can take the form of numbers and statistics, text, symbols, or multimedia such as images, videos, sounds and maps. Example: In the context of healthcare, data can encompass patient records, clinical studies and real-time health monitoring outputs. A subset of AI that enables machines to automatically learn and improve from experience without explicit programming. By using set processes to analyse large amounts of data, ML systems can identify patterns, help make decisions, and improve their performance with little to no human intervention. Example: In healthcare, ML applications include predicting disease progression, analysing medical images and optimising clinical workflows. A simple representation of an aspect of the real world. It is a programme that has been trained on a set of data to recognise certain patterns or make certain decisions without further human intervention. A prompt is a question, command or statement input into an AI model to initiate a response or action, facilitating interaction between a human and the AI to generate the intended output. Accuracy is a metric in machine learning that measures how often the model correctly predicts the outcome. It is the fraction of predictions that the model got right, indicating the overall correctness of the model's predictions. It shows how often a classification ML model is correct overall. Accuracy is useful when the classes are balanced (ie the number of instances in each class is roughly the same). However, it can be misleading in cases of imbalanced classes. Ideally, accuracy should be as close to 100 per cent as possible, however, 70-90 per cent are often cited as acceptable ranges. It is important to remember that 50 per cent accuracy means 50 per cent are classified as positive and 50 per cent as negative, which is essentially the same as random classification. Bias occurs when an AI system produces results that are systematically prejudiced due to flawed assumptions in the machine learning process. This bias can reflect and perpetuate human biases and social inequalities present in the initial training data, the algorithm itself, or the predictions it generates. Example: Pulse oximeters are less accurate for people with darker skin tones, meaning AI applied to this device can underestimate skin cancer in people with darker skin due to less data. A measure of how understandable, or explainable, the decisions of an AI system are to humans. Example: An AI system may predict which patients are most in need of surgery but should be able to explain why it has prioritised patients in a certain way. Where humans can understand how the results of an AI model were obtained. This is the degradation of a machine learning model's predictive accuracy over time, caused by changes in real-world environments or new input data differing from the data used during training. Example: When a new bus route opens to a hospital making a model used to predict did-not -attends less accurate at predicting attendance patterns for patients, due to different trends compared to when the model was trained (prior to the new bus route). Precision is the proportion of positive class predictions that were actually correct. For instance, if the model predicts 100 instances as positive and 70 of them are truly positive, the precision is 70 per cent. Precision shows how often an ML model is correct when predicting the target class. ML scalability refers to the capability of a machine learning system to handle increasing amounts of data and computational resources without compromising performance or precision. It involves the ability to process large datasets while still producing accurate results in a reasonable amount of time. Sensitivity is the proportion of actual positive class instances that the model correctly identified. For example, if a dataset has 100 positive instances and the model correctly identifies 60 of them, the recall is 60 per cent. Recall measures the ability of the machine learning model to identify all objects of the target class. Specificity indicates the model's ability to accurately predict true negatives for each category. In other words, specificity assesses how well the model correctly identifies instances that do not belong to the target class. Training a model in machine learning is the process of teaching a machine learning algorithm to make predictions or decisions based on data. Example: In healthcare, this often involves training with clinical data to improve accuracy in diagnosis and treatment efficacy. Extremely large and rapidly growing collections of diverse data types including, structured and unstructured, which are so complex that traditional data processing software cannot handle them. Example: In healthcare, big data can include processing multiple structured and unstructured data sources, such as genetic data, medical history, and lifestyle factors to support personalised medicine. Data that is organised and formatted in a specific way, making it easily readable and understandable by both humans and machines, allowing viewers to immediately recognise the type of data they are looking at. Example: A patient's electronic health record (EHR) that includes fields for name, age, blood pressure and diagnosis codes is structured data. This is artificially generated data produced by computer algorithms or simulations, designed to mimic the patterns and characteristics of real-world data, and often used as an alternative to actual data. A final check of an unseen dataset to confirm that the ML algorithm was trained effectively and validate that the model can make accurate predictions. The data used to train machine learning models. Curated training datasets are fed to machine learning algorithms to teach them how to make predictions or perform a desired task. Data that does not have predefined structure or organisation. Unlike structured data, which is organised into neat rows and columns in a database, unstructured data is an unsorted and vast information collection. Example: In healthcare, unstructured data often includes medical notes, audio recordings of patient interactions and images from various diagnostic procedures. Data not included in the training set of the model, allowing data scientists to evaluate how well (using metrics like accuracy, precision, sensitivity and specificity) the model makes predictions based on new data unseen by the model as it is being trained. A neural network is a type of machine learning programme that makes decisions similarly to the human brain. It processes data using interconnected units called neurons, which work together to identify patterns, weigh options, arrive at conclusions and learn and improve over time. This method, inspired by how biological neurons function, teaches computers to handle complex problems by mimicking the brain's layered structure. A subset of machine learning that allows an AI-driven system to learn through trial and error, using feedback from its actions. Example: This is particularly useful in personalized medicine, where systems learn to optimise treatments based on individual patient responses. A type of machine learning that falls in between supervised and unsupervised learning. It is a method that uses a small amount of labelled data and a large amount of unlabelled data to train a model. Example: This approach is beneficial for patient data where obtaining fully-labelled datasets can be costly or impractical. A category of machine learning where labelled datasets (each input has a known output) are used to train algorithms to predict outcomes or recognise patterns. By studying these datasets, the computer learns to predict the output given new input data. It is like teaching a computer by showing it many examples and letting it figure out how to do things correctly. Example: In healthcare, this method is extensively used for diagnostics, such as identifying diseases from medical imaging data. A type of machine learning that does not need labelled data or human guidance. It works with unlabelled data to discover patterns and insights within the dataset. The algorithms explore the dataset without explicit instructions to find unknown relationships or insights independently. It is like letting the computer explore the dataset with the teacher allowing it to uncover patterns and structures by itself. A form of machine learning that employs artificial neural networks, inspired by the human brain, to learn from vast amounts of data (including labelled and unlabelled, structured and unstructured data). These networks enable the digital systems to learn and make decisions automatically and independently without human intervention. Example: These models are increasingly used in areas such as pathology, radiology, and genomics. A machine learning model trained on a vast amount of data so that it can be easily adapted for a wide range of applications. A common type of foundation model is large language models, which power chatbots such as ChatGPT. A system comprising a human and anAIcomponent, in which the human can intervene in some significant way, such as by training, tuning or testing the system’s algorithm, so that it produces more useful results. It is a way of combining human and machine intelligence, helping to make up for the shortcomings of both. A machine learning model capable of performing various natural language processing tasks. These tasks include generating and classifying texts and images, answering questions conversationally, translating between languages, predicting, and summarising content. It uses deep learning algorithms and a vast dataset to achieve these capabilities. Example: In healthcare, these models assist in clinical decision support and patient interaction. This is a machine learning model that processes and combines different types of data, such as images, videos and text, to make more accurate determinations, draw insightful conclusions, or make precise predictions about real-world problems. Example: Multimodal models can include data from an electronic health record, an image captured by an X-ray and a radiologists written description of an X-ray to derive conclusions around diagnoses. An AI hallucination occurs when an AI, such as a large language model, produces false or misleading information that seems factual but is actually inaccurate or nonsensical. This can be through identifying patterns that do not exist in real life. Example: For example, an AI model suggesting the wrong medication for a patient based on hallucinated data. Ambient AI is a type of AI that blends into the environment to improve human interaction without being noticeable. It works quietly in the background, using sensors to understand and predict human behaviours. It continuously collects data from these devices like sensors to make real-time decisions. Example: In healthcare, ambient AI can be used to monitor patient conditions in real-time, optimise hospital operations and deliver personalised healthcare services, all while minimising the need for direct human command or intervention. It enhances patient care by predicting needs and intervening proactively, thereby improving patient outcomes and operational efficiency. A field of AI that trains computers to interpret and understand the visual world. Machines can accurately identify and locate objects and then react to what they ‘see’ using digital images from cameras, videos and deep learning models. Example:Computer vision is used in tools that automatically screen for diabetic retinopathy from retinal images. A computer-based system that helps users make decisions by analysing large amounts of data, providing insights and suggesting possible courses of action. It combines data, analytical models and user-friendly software to support problem-solving and decision-making. Example: In healthcare, this could include a machine learning algorithm that analyses radiology images to provide a diagnosis to support physician decision making. A computer model that simulates an object in the real world, such as a biological system. Analysing the model’s output can tell researchers how the physical object will behave, helping them to improve its real-world design and/or functioning. Algorithms capable of creating new original content, including text, images, audio, simulations and software code, in response to user prompts or requests. Example: In the medical field, generative AI is used to simulate patient data, develop virtual models for training, and generate synthetic biological data for research. Predictive analytics is the process of using data to forecast future outcomes. The process uses data analysis, machine learning, AI, and statistical models to find patterns that might predict future behaviour. Example: Healthcare applications include predicting disease outbreaks, patient deterioration, and therapy outcomes. Predictive analytics is the process of using data to forecast future outcomes. The process uses data analysis, machine learning,AI, and statistical models to find patterns that might predict future behaviour. The potential uses of AI are widespread, from clinical uses to administrativesupport, in primary care settings and hospital settings. Below we have highlighted examples from within our membership that showcase the breadth of potential AI use within the healthcare system. These examples also put the AI jargon into a real-life context to help further understanding of key terminology. Mid and South Essex (MSE) NHS Foundation Trust supports a population of 1.2 million people. It had an average did-not-attend (DNA) and short-notice cancellation rate of 8 per cent (the average in England is approximately 7.6 per cent). DNAs are more prominent in patients grappling with work and caring responsibilities, who find it difficult travelling to the hospital at a specific time. This disproportionately affects patients from minority and marginalised communities and can thereby lead to a widening of health inequalities. MSE found that its DNA rate for the most deprived was consistently higher than that for the least deprived across all age groups. Many practices and hospitals send letters, emails, text and calls to remind patients of their appointments. These blanket approaches do not account for individual patient behaviours. Healthcare staff may manually review appointment histories and contact patients who had missed appointments in the past, but this is time and resource intensive. Some organisations may overbook certain clinics to compensate for anticipated no shows. MSE rolled out Deep Medical, which uses amodelthat integratesmachine learningto predict patient no-shows and short-notice cancellations (<48 hours). UsingAI, the system processes bothstructured data(like patient demographics and appointment history) and unstructured data (like electronic health record notes) to identify relevant patterns. Thepredictive analyticsmodel is developed through adeep learning modelwhich is a subset ofsupervised machine learning. This model is trained usingtraining data, fine-tuned withvalidation dataand evaluated with thetest datato ensure the model isaccurateandpreciseand has highsensitivityandspecificity. Theneural networkformat of this model allows it to recognise complex patterns in real-world data. It usesAIto understand patient engagement and develop personalised reminder schedules for patients. It then usesautomationto send these reminders and manage patient appointments. It also identifies frail patients where low compliance could potentially be of clinical concern and highlights them to the relevant clinical teams. Based on a six-month pilot scheme at MSE, the model: Make sure you are clear on: In North Cumbria approximately 50 per cent of the community nurses' workload involves managing both acute and chronic wounds, which amounts to the cost of around £41.7 million a year. Prior to using theAI model, community nurses would assess wounds with a manual tape measure. Band 3 and 4 staff are sometimes unsure how to dress and treat more complex wounds, therefore, this would require taking a photo and sending it back to base where a band 6 or 7 would tell them how to treat the wound by looking at photos and advising how to change and apply the dressing remotely. In more severe cases the band 6/7 would need to go out to treat the wounds themselves, reducing time to care. This was a very subjective way to treat and dress the wounds with a lot of room for interpretation and no consistency across community teams.  There was no way to keep a record of the wounds and the changes. North Cumbria Integrated Care (NCIC) Foundation Trust, as part of North East and North Cumbria (NENC) ICB, transformed its approach to wound care by introducing a digital tool, Minuteful for Wound by Healthy.io, that uses amodelwhich uses anAI algorithmto support clinicians at various experience levels to assess wounds confidently, consistently and safely. This model offers a higher degree ofaccuracyandprecisionthan the current standard care. The digital tool enables consistent wound imagery, measurements and assessments to be captured easily at the point of care. TheAI-poweredcolour recognition technology automatically detects wound area and tissue types within the wound bed from a three-second video scan of the wound by a smartphone. TheAIalso ensures image quality by recognising lighting conditions, distance and scan technique. Assessment prompts within the app guide allow clinicians of all experience levels to record assessments aligned to best practice guidance according to wound type. The approach offers a live caseload review portal to provide central access to wounddata. With this easily accessibledata, clinical teams are able to optimise care plans. Thedatagathered fromAImeasurements and assessments enables wounds that may be deteriorating or static over time to be identified and flagged for review that might otherwise not be identified. The new approach includes assigning clinicians to perform regular virtual caseload reviews within the tool's portal. This earlier detection and ability to review the caseload virtually, leads to earlier intervention and faster healing for patients. Since using the model, NCIC has made the following positive impact for both staff and patients. For the workforce, it has: For patients, it has: By working in partnership with the company, NENC ICB is hoping to: Make sure you are clear on: To find out more about the benefits of this project for the workforce as well as patients, please read thiscase study. Chapelford Medical Centre wanted to update its systems to triage patients in a smarter way, helping them get the care they need while also optimising use of staff time. Chapelford Medical Centre had a triage tool and questionnaire to collate information that supported staff with triaging patients. This usedautomationand operated like a decision tree. The centre wanted to move to an approach that allowed evidenced-based andAI-supporteddecisions about the best course of action for a patient’s care. The ultimate goal was to make informed decisions and spot opportunities that would not be possible with a human-only approach, based on combining the information presented by the patient with information within patient records. Anima, an integrated care platform, has bothautomationandAImodules. In theautomationmodule, patients complete a questionnaire to support with triage and based on their answers, they will be directed to an appropriate care pathway. In theAImodule, Anima uses analysis of thestructuredandunstructureddatainput into the questionnaire by patients, andmachine learningbased on the outcomes of patients who go through the pathway to predict the best course of action for future patients. It uses amodelandalgorithmto follow the pathway of patients through triage and their outcomes, and refine the course of action for future patients with similar characteristics who fill in the questionnaire. Anima went live within the GP practice in August 2023 and the ambition is to expand across the primary care network from August 2024. The Chapelford Medical Centre team plans to be in contact with Anima regularly and provide mutual training support. The team will review and work out whether improvements can be made to theAIsuggestion, and also improve their own experiential learning for next time by using a trusted source of information. They are aiming to create an enhanced access system based on need, and not ‘first in the queue’. This includes better management of patients, ultimately less demand, an improved workload profile for clinicians, and a fully-functional multi-disciplinary team.AIwill support the team at each stage, enabling staff to signpost effectively, and employ more junior team members to make effective and supported decisions. Access increases, patient need decreases, clinician workload levels out, and work-life balance improves. Chapelford hopes to achieve a position where all patients get the care they need every time, first time. This is a challenge, but one that will significantly improve patient journey, and also maximise the potential of appointments by managing patients within one consultation. They aim to maximise individual clinician’s skills and achieve a 0 per cent need for referral between teams for the presenting condition. Numbers of staff are unlikely to increase, so Chapelford hopes to increase effective capacity through more efficient use of the team and getting it right first time. By feeding back through anAIsystem, the system will continually improve and have a real-time feedback loop. Make sure you are clear on: The cataract care pathway at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital was experiencing long waiting times and limited capacity, The pathway required patients to attend a mandatory in-person pre-operative appointment before being placed on the surgery waiting list for their first eye. The did-not-attend (DNA) rate for these pre-operative clinics ranged from 30 per cent to 50 per cent, resulting in wasted clinical capacity. Post surgery, although there are very low risks of complications and adverse outcomes from cataract surgery (less than 5 per cent), all post-operative patients were requested to attend an in-person appointment four weeks later. After consultation, patients were listed for their second eye surgery or discharged to the community. Chelsea and Westminster Foundation Trust leveraged Ufonia’s Dora, anAIclinical assistantthat can telephone patients and have a routine clinical conversation usingAI-enabledautomation, to transform their cataract care pathway. Dora has a telephone-based voice conversation with patients at multiple timepoints in their cataract journey. This includes pre-operative assessment health screening, surgery and appointment reminders, post-operative checks and patient-reported outcome measures. The technology usesAI natural language processingto be able to interpret a patient's responses. It focuses onmaking AI accessible, meaning patients do not require any technology understanding, user accounts, hardware devices or training – they simply have a conversation. Dora was initially deployed as a pilot, with pre-defined technical and operational success criteria. These were met during the initial phase meaning the trust now plans to adopt Dora to support their cataract patient pathways, advocate for regional implementation across North West London ICB, and is considering expanding the solution to other clinical pathways. Successes include: Make sure you are clear on: It is important to remember thatAI may not be the appropriate solutionto the problem your organisation is facing. Start with the challenge and ensure you select a solution that solves the issue. To support with innovation adoption, please refer to ourScaling Innovation guide. To help determine whether AI is the right fit for solving the problem, and whether further exploration of the solution is required, we have prepared a set ofkey questions to ask suppliers of AI solutions in early discussions: Do the intended uses of the AI solve the issues you are trying to solve? What uses does the AI have regulatory approval and certifications for? Are there any exclusions or limitations you need to be aware of? Has the solution been tested in a real-world clinical setting? How do the results compare to effectiveness without use of the AI component? Is the AI adding value? How similar is the training data cohort to your population? Are there potential biases that have been raised that you need to consider and explore in more depth? Does the supplier indicate if and how they mitigate against any biases? Has another organisation rolled out the product that you could get in contact with to gather their experience? What level of effort will be required to integrate the solution into existing digital pathways and for ongoing monitoring? Will any changes be required in IT and digital systems and data management? Has another organisation rolled out the product that you could get in contact with to gather their experience? These questions can be used to gather an understanding of the purpose of the proposed AI, the evidence supporting its use and the implementation support required. If after hearing the responses you feel the product may be a good solution to the problem you are trying to solve, deeper exploration is required before a final procurement decision can be made. Following the initial conversation, if you have decided the product could be a good solution, assemble a team of experts from within your organisation with expertise covering data and IT infrastructure, information governance, implementation and transformation, cyber security and clinical leadership (if the AI has a clinical component) to further explore the feasibility of adopting the AI into your organisation. There are several resources that can support AI adopters with navigating the complex environment of adopting AI within the NHS, including: If you are interested in sharing your experience of using AI within your organisation, or getting involved in future work the NHS Confederation is doing in this space, please contact:Rezina Hakimatrezina.hakim@nhsconfed.org NHS Confederation (2024), AI in healthcare: navigating the noise. Share Join us on 11-12 June at Manchester Central, for the leading health and care conference delivered in partnership by NHS Confederation and NHS England. 11 June 2025 08:30 - 12 June 2025 16:45 GMT Join peers from the NHS Confederation's member networks for an interactive presentation from the Strategy Unit's policy team. 8 May 2025 13:00 - 14:00 GMT A continued capital funding boost for primary and community services is vital if the NHS is to achieve plans to move more care out of hospital. 30 April 2025 Defining the priority actions and quality solutions needed to ensure the highest quality care for all. 15 May 2025 09:30 - 17:00 GMT 
Instructors:Matthew Lungren+7 more 51,082already enrolled (2,025 reviews) (2,025 reviews) Identify problems healthcare providers face that machine learning can solve Analyze how AI affects patient care safety, quality, and research Relate AI to the science, practice, and business of medicine Apply the building blocks of AI to help you innovate and understand emerging technologies Add to your LinkedIn profile Add this credential to your LinkedIn profile, resume, or CV Share it on social media and in your performance review Artificial intelligence (AI) has transformed industries around the world, and has the potential to radically alter the field of healthcare. Imagine being able to analyze data on patient visits to the clinic, medications prescribed, lab tests, and procedures performed, as well as data outside the health system -- such as social media, purchases made using credit cards, census records, Internet search activity logs that contain valuable health information, and you’ll get a sense of how AI could transform patient care and diagnoses. In this specialization, we'll discuss the current and future applications of AI in healthcare with the goal of learning to bring AI technologies into the clinic safely and ethically. This specialization is designed for both healthcare providers and computer science professionals, offering insights to facilitate collaboration between the disciplines. CME Accreditation The Stanford University School of Medicine is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME) to provide continuing medical education for physicians.  View the full CME accreditation information on the individual course FAQ page. Applied Learning Project The final course will consist of a capstone project that will take you on a guided tour exploring all the concepts we have covered in the different classes. This will be a hands-on experience following a patient's journey from the lens of the data, using a unique dataset created for this specialization.We will review how the different choices you make -- such as those around feature construction, the data types to use, how the model evaluation is set up and how you handle the patient timeline -- affect the care that would be recommended by the model. The major challenges of the U.S.healthcare system Issues you may encounter in efforts to improve healthcare delivery and the healthcare system Who the key stakeholders are in the U.S. healthcare system How to apply a framework for medical data mining Ethical use of data in healthcare decisions How to make use of data that may be inaccurate in systematic ways What makes a good research question and how to construct a data mining workflow answer it Define important relationships between the fields of machine learning, biostatistics, and traditional computer programming. Learn about advanced neural network architectures for tasks ranging from text classification to object detection and segmentation. Learn important approaches for leveraging data to train, validate, and test machine learning models. Understand how dynamic medical practice and discontinuous timelines impact clinical machine learning application development and deployment. Principles and practical considerations for integrating AI into clinical workflows Best practices of AI applications to promote fair and equitable healthcare solutions Challenges of regulation of AI applications and which components of a model can be regulated What standard evaluation metrics do and do not provide This capstone project takes you on a guided tour exploring all the concepts we have covered in the different classes up till now. We have organized this experience around the journey of a patient who develops some respiratory symptoms and given the concerns around COVID19 seeks care with a primary care provider. We will follow the patient's journey from the lens of the data that are created at each encounter, which will bring us to a unique de-identified dataset created specially for this specialization. The data set spans EHR as well as image data and using this dataset, we will build models that enable risk-stratification decisions for our patient. We will review how the different choices you make -- such as those around feature construction, the data types to use, how the model evaluation is set up and how you handle the patient timeline -- affect the care that would be recommended by the model. During this exploration, we will also discuss the regulatory as well as ethical issues that come up as we attempt to use AI to help us make better care decisions for our patient. This course will be a hands-on experience in the day of a medical data miner. In support of improving patient care, Stanford Medicine is jointly accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME), the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE), and the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC), to provide continuing education for the healthcare team. Visit the FAQs below for important information regarding 1) Date of the original release and expiration date; 2) Accreditation and Credit Designation statements; 3) Disclosure of financial relationships for every person in control of activity content. The Leland Stanford Junior University, commonly referred to as Stanford University or Stanford, is an American private research university located in Stanford, California on an 8,180-acre (3,310 ha) campus near Palo Alto, California, United States.             Unlimited access to 10,000+ world-class courses, hands-on projects, and job-ready certificate programs - all included in your subscription Earn a degree from world-class universities - 100% online Upskill your employees to excel in the digital economy This Course doesn't carry university credit, but some universities may choose to accept Course Certificates for credit. Check with your institution to learn more.Online DegreesOpens in a new tabandMastertrack™ CertificatesOpens in a new tabon Coursera provide the opportunity to earn university credit.  This course is completely online, so there’s no need to show up to a classroom in person. You can access your lectures, readings and assignments anytime and anywhere via the web or your mobile device. If you subscribed, you get a 7-day free trial during which you can cancel at no penalty. After that, we don’t give refunds, but you can cancel your subscription at any time.See our full refund policyOpens in a new tab. Yes! To get started, click the course card that interests you and enroll. You can enroll and complete the course to earn a shareable certificate, or you can audit it to view the course materials for free. When you subscribe to a course that is part of a Specialization, you’re automatically subscribed to the full Specialization. Visit your learner dashboard to track your progress. Yes. In select learning programs, you can apply for financial aid or a scholarship if you can’t afford the enrollment fee. If fin aid or scholarship is available for your learning program selection, you’ll find a link to apply on the description page. When you enroll in the course, you get access to all of the courses in the Specialization, and you earn a certificate when you complete the work. If you only want to read and view the course content, you can audit the course for free. If you cannot afford the fee,you can apply for financial aidOpens in a new tab. Financial aid available,learn more Coursera Footer Technical Skills Analytical Skills Business Skills Career Resources Coursera Community More
