technology has it now to where it can take an image and define how much and what kinds of expressions are being made. some say that this can help in the classroom, but will it really? i do not believe it will because yes, it is a neat feature and all and it can help but it will be too expensive, standard computers will not be able to handle this feature, and ultimately, it will not aid the students in reading comprehention. i really like the idea behind this facial action coding system, or facs, but i truly believe that it will cost far too much money. how will the poorer schools be able to pay for technology that uses this feature? they will not be able to just pay for the programming, but all new computers instead. from what this is sounding like, it will not be cheap either. with its complex algorithms, your computer that you use at home for your everyday use cannot maintain this programming. even with todays super hightech equipment, you still will not be able to do it. i do, however, believe that one day as our technology improves more and more, that it just might be possible to run this facs program on your everyday pcs. until that day comes though, you will most likely have to spend a fortune just to have this feature. all english teachers teach their students about proper grammar and teach them about improving reading comprehention. if all of these schools transfer over to these computers with the facs system, it will not help. this program has a contant running video camera that can tell when you are appearing confused or bored. as dr huang predicts, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. when you express these emotions, it will take the level of the lesson down to make it easier to understand. with doing this, you can just appear like that all the time so that way you do not have to read at the level in which you are supposed to be reading at. it is appearant that i am against having the facial action coding system to be brought into our schools because it is too expensive, your standard computers cannot hold the programming, and it will not aid in students reading comprehention. for these reasons solely, that is why i am against this programming.