in , the number of miles driven in the united states peaked. all of those miles contributed to global warming by emitting green house gases. germany, france, and bogota have realized the effects of driving cars and are taking action. there are many advantages to limiting car usage. since the mids bogota has has been celebrating the day without cars. this program had millions of columbians hiking, biking, skating, or taking buses to the places they needed to go. carfree day left the streets free of traffic jams. once bogota stated to reduce car usage, they replaced the narrow, uneven sidewalks with smooth, wide ones. throughout the city new restaurants, shopping districts, and even parks and sports centers have bloomed. about  million people participated in bogotas carfree day. a city in germany called vauban has given up their cars. vaubans streets are completely carfree.  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here, says elisabeth rosenthal. vauban is a growing trend in europe and the unites states. since there are no cars in vauban, stores were placed withing walking distance. paris, france banned driving due to smog. robert duffer states, after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. the car banning started on a monday. drivers who did not comply were fined euros . nearly , drivers were fined and  people had their cars impounded. after five days of intensifying smog, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. however, citizens did complain about the inconvenience so exceptions were made for hybrids and plugin cars. the smog cleared enough for the ruling french party to rescind the ban. barack obamas goals to curb the united sates greenhouse gas emission unveiled last week and will make a shift in american behavior. recent studies show that americans are buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses. passanger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe, and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. limiting car usage has many advantages. the advantages include less greenhouse gasses, less smog, closer shopping areas, less traffic, and a healthier environment.