when cars were first introduced into society it was the most awestruck phenomenon to occur. there was nothing better than the sight of a persons first car and the feeling of independence that came with it. but now that technology has shorten distances between countries and has made telecommuncation so much more accessible. people should engage in limiting their car usage becuase it betters personal health, improves the enivronment, and leads to economic prosperity while still gaining all the benefits that come from using a car. when the usage of cars is limited it often leads to better health benefits. this is true becuase when people are restricted on their driving it forces them to resort to healthier, more proactive altertnatives. for example, instead of driving somewhere people are now having to get out and walk or ride a bike. this leads to regular exercise without having to think about it and decreases overall stress levels. in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars heidrum walter, a media trainer and mother of two explained, when i had a car i was always tense, im much happier this way. heidrum, a citizen of the vauban community in which everyone has given up their cars, describes how the nonusage of cars has bettered her life and in turn has actually made her a happier person. in addition, when a high usage of cars is present it creates brutual smog that can perpetuate health issues. in the aricle paris bans driving due to smog robert duffer states how congestion lead to smog in beijing in which he states beijing, china is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. the impact of this is that when people are more active and choose not to exasterbate their driving usage, it will lead to global decreases in smog and in fat related illnesses such as obesity, high blood plessure, diabetes, and other various things that have plagued the nation and taken the lives of so many people. limiting motor vehicles usage reduces the amount of carbon emissions and pollution in the air. cars exert so much greenhouse gas emissions that degrades the air in the environment. in the article in german suburb, life goes on without cars elisabeth rosenthal gives the analogy that, ...an increasing number of private cars owned by the burgeoning middles class are choking cities. elisabeth rosenthal further quantifies the extent to which cars have increasing become the culprit of pollution, passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. the impact of this is that when cars are used less often it betters the environment which is what mankind relies on for survival. an increase in a healthy workforce and better environmental communities leads to greater economic prosperity. when people choose to drive less it often creates a riple effect. this is true because a healthier workforce is present it leads to more productivity. in addition, a more prosperous environment and less pollution exerted decreases operational costs. as a result andrew selsky in his article carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota explains the various economic effects that less car usage has made, parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city.....and new restaurants and upscale shopping distrcits have cropped up. the impact of this is that with more economic leverage communities are more equipped to invest and strengthen other areas such as education and job creation. in conclusion, people should limit their driving andor car usage because it provides three benefits. first, when people have to resort to proactive alternatives it improves their person health and decreases stress levels. second, not using cars eliminates all the environmental harms that come from a car such as greenhouse gas emissions. and lastly, when people are more active and the enivronment is no longer depleted, communities experience greater economic longevity.