cars are like beneficial disadvantages they allow you to arrive at your destination in a short amount of time, but they add to the worlds pollutions growing issue. individuals in every single part of the world own cars and millions of cars are on our streets and highways daily. whether it is to comute to work or visit a friend in the next town over, individuals are constantly on the road. while cars do simplify our lives today, in the near future cars will become a burden, due to the amount of pollution they produce and the stress they cause upon individuals. limiting car usage in all parts of the world will bring more joy and persistent smiles. cars play a dramatic role in the amount of pollution that is in our air today. which is also essential for our survival. limiting car usage will decrease the amount of pollution we have today and the disgusting greenhouse gas emissions. up to  percent of green house gas emissions alone are caused by carintense areas in the united states acknowledged by elisabeth rosenthal, in the article  in german suburb, life goes on without cars . furthermore, in the capital of france due to intensifying smog  percent of the individuals were in a severe traffic jam explained by robert duffer, in  paris band driving due to smog . the smog was caused by cold nights and warm days and the warmer layer of air enprisoning car emissions and pollutuion pollutions being caused by over usage of cars, meaning car usage should be limited if not haulted all at once. individuals participating in events like carfree day and living in towns like vauban tend to be a lot more joyful and enthusiastic. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way said by an individual named heidrun walter, who moved to vauban for a more jubilating experience. cars add stress due to having to be stuck in agonising traffic and having to pay for ridiculous gas prices. also, by limiting car usage youll witness and hear more individuals enjoying themselves walking the street, and the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drowning out the occasional distant motor. described by robert duffer, in  in german suburb, life goes on without cars . evenmore so, by abandoning your vehicle at home you wont have to deal with enebidable traffic and its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution brought up by andrew selsky, in source   carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota . carless stress less . before saying cars are benefitial think of all the disadvanteges that they hold. all the disadvanteges out weigh the advantages. pollution no matter how big or small is a humungous issue that can be prevented little by little by limiting car usage. also, limited smiles will become persistent smiles if you limit car usage across the nation. more smiles and less cars is the way to go.