have you ever wondered about what you might do after highscool? some people might say college, others might say, just find a well paying job, and others might not even know what they want to do. well, if youre one of those i dont knowers, becoming a seagoing cowboy might just be the job for you. seagoing cowboys have many great experiences and adventures. there are many resaons why you should join this program. one reason why becoming a seagoing cowboy might be good for you, is because of the water and animals. if you find an interest in riding at sea, and you have a love of animals, like me, this program would be suitable for you. in paragraph  of, a cowboy who rode the waves, it states that it was the end of world war ii, so the unrra started hiring people to take care of the animals that were being shipped. paragraph  quotes me, luke, the cattleboat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a smalltown boy, he says.. so, if your looking for an amazing and unbelievable opportunity, and animals at sea are your thing, this program would most certainly be for you. another reason why this program might be for you, is the joy of helping people. from previous knowledge, i have learned that many people feel better about themselves when they help someone out. if this is you, youre the one for the job. again, in paragraph , it says that it was the end of a world war, and a group was formed to help these countries. this group, unrra was hiring seagoing cowboys. as part of the group, a seagoing cowboy, not only gets the expiernece of helping someone with their animals, but the life changing experience of helping others in countries that lay in ruins after the war. finally, in my opinion, the best reason of all, you can have fun. yes, you heard me right, you an have fun while being a seagoing boy. the article says, in paragraph , i, luke, one night, while on guard, almost died. besides the almost dying part which hurt a lot!, the adventure sounds amazing. paragraph , even says that, luke also found time to have fun on board. it goes on to say that i was able to play volleyball, tabletennis, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling when the animals were gone. paragraph , says that i had a benifit of sightseeing while being a seagoing cowboy. i even had the oppportunity to go to china, europe, and greece. thout sounds pretty fun. if you dont mind work, and love to enjoy yourself, a seagoing cowboy is the job for you. in conclusion, all of these reasons contribute to the fact that you might enjoy the job of being a seagoing cowboy. maybe, one reason calls out to you more than the other, but thats okay. besides, were all in the same boat. so, if you like fun, animals, and the joy helping people, this is the job for you. all aboard, your future awaits you.