the electoral colleage is not a colleage like it sounds, but it is a process. it is a verry complex process and sofar since our goverment was started it is working fine, right? well you are wrong. first, let me give a breif explanation what the electorial college is. it is a process thst our goverment has ben using for a very long time that was started in the constatution. what it does, each state has a number of people in it pledged to a presadent, such as obama. when the people vote, it goes to those people and then they vote on who got the majority. sometimes, this dosent work. some of these people dont stick to their pledge and vote for someone els, like if  of the votes were for bill, he is supposto vote for bill. he dosent half to and can vote for bob instead, and this is the big problem with tis method. flordia has  people representing it. places such as california and texas have , and , but if you look at places such as hawii and alaska, they have around  or voters. they have less voters because there population is less than the places with higher amounts of voters. here is another problem, the bigger states like texas, california, flordia, etc. have a massive advantage ofer these places with less people. i beleve that votes should be directly by how many people choose someone and whoever gets the higher vote, wins. its way simpler than the way currently used and the more simple something is, the less problems occur. one arguement agenst this way of the higher vote wins is that it is possable that the votes are so close that there is no clear winner, but with the current way, if there is a tie in the electorial colleage, then it goes to the peoples votes. in , if just , votes would have made it a tie, and thats extremely close. dont you want to vote for the presadent, or would you rather vote for someone to vote for ho you want and they could be corrupt and vote for the oppasite that they are supposto vote for wich has happened. if people decided to rid of this mess of a voting system called the electoral college, wich would be a big leap to accomplish due to the ammount of supporters, would be a great accomplashment. it would also lead to those  people in flordia living off of doing practicly nothing and getting money having to get a real job to get money. these would be the people that try and not get rid of it and tell the good parts of it and most likley lie like most goverment people do, all so they can get money, withought doing practicly anything. in the s, al gore recieved more votes than his opponent, george bush. bush wone even though more people wanted gore, and this happened because the electoral college gave bush more votes, making him win the election. dosent is seem wrong that the people wanted gore, but we still got bush? not all of these people working in the electoral college are like this though, some might actuially beleve its a good idea to keep it and are a part of it not for the money. when people advertise for who to vote for, they dont advertise in alaska or rhode island, they advertise to the states with the most electoral colleage members are, such as flordia, texas, and california.