though completly giving up the usage of your car seems like an extreme for most american citizens, it is a look in the right direction towards the future. all over the world peopole are using less gas power and more leg power, riding bikes, walking, skateboarding or even using public transportaion, to lessen the air pollution caused by traffic. the only information useful to make an explanitory essay for this topic is two sentences saying that  after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city, but having this is only one reason americans should cut down on their car usage, the enviroment, it doesnt mention any other way that it would help except for making a few people happy, fining , people  dollars for driving, and it would cut down traffic only slightly, because, buses would be on the road which, sure, could take up to  cars off the road, but if everyone stops using their cars and happen work in exceutive offices they will use the bus, not bicylcles or skateboards only putting more busses on the streets and adding even more air pollution. so i think ill help beta test this essay writing test that school_name was randomly selected for, but this prompt given with these writing selections, doesnt make any sense unless you wish a dull and dry essay with just regurgitated facts from the writing selections. so, here goes something. in the state of state_name students from rd grade and up are all familiar with the infamous test_name, it was what was required for so many years and what weve all gotten used to. once i personally hit middle school, we had midterms and finals for only one year, the following year they were removed and we were given interm exams for every quater to determine how much we were absorbing in the classroom. we were graded on these fairly, not very heavily  grades at the max. up until about th grade i had never heard of an eoc, it was first introduced to me in my u.s history class. we took a test that our teacher had formulated and we all studied for weeks. i figured this would become apart of my highschool life, and i wasnt wrong th grade geometry eoc, and a biology eoc. it was dreadful, since it was taken on a computer in a freezing computer lab, but we all survived because thankfully it was only for those two classes. after those two weeks of testing for the entire school it was fun and games and preperation for the challenges that were to come in our next year of schooling for me this would be my relaxing yet exciting sophmore year. sophmore year had been going just fine up until one day in my french class we were informed that this year starting as early as january we would be tested with an eoc for every class! students were confused and a bit outraged at this new information. we asked hundreds of questions. what will they be on? is the district making them? are you serious!? our teacher,well informed on what had seemed to be everything, knew of our fate to come five months of overall testing occuring through our hallowed halls. we were baffled that classes like p.e, art, culinary, fabrics and fibers and even swimming would have end of course exams. what questions would they even ask on these? how long has the district been planning this? then she told us, we dont know what will be on them, all we know is that this test is created by teachers sending in questions to the district. the district is literally making it up as they go. we asked many more questions full of confusion and rage. when she then realized they have only made one test so far, a spanish test with no level. this test would be taken by spanish speakers and spanish learners all the same. this wasnt fair! it wasnt even comprehendable! we would be taking the same test as the french ap students! this narrative explanitory essay is about the over load of testing that will be put upon the students of location_name. this random selection even if it was completly random, is just one the many irritating aspects of a school_name students life at school for the next couple months, but maybe even up until we graduate! i hope someone is reading this, and i hope i helped with your writing exam.