the idea of a software being able to tell you wheither a person is feeling sad or happy is just a fascinating thing to even think about. by using leonardo da vincis renaissance painting, mona lisa they figured out that she was  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. that just absolutely blows my mind! would there be any type of misdetections using this software? how much would it cost schools to use these types of softwar? i personally support the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions. they say the web cams on computers could recognize when a student is confused or bored. they also say they it would be able to modify the lesson like a human instructor would. this could be the next step that we could take into making education better for the kids and for the schools. the only problem that stands in the way for many schools is whether or not they would be able to afford such software. what if these softwares could be used for other purposes? what if there is a possibility of using this software to not only help out in schools but help out in other major sinerios? one major one that comes to my head is using it as a lie detector. if the software is able to detect how someone is feeling and what their emotions are could it be able to detect whether or not someone is lying? the software would still use the  major muscles in your face but they would only have to tweak some things to make it capable of doing such thing. with the same software they could quite possibly make this happen. or maybe something like this has already been invented but i havent heard about it. its just amazing. in paragraph  of this article they give this information of how you can tell the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. i never knew that by looking at these small detals of someones face you could tell whether they were happy or not. this article not only informs me about a new software that can tell you how youre feeling but it also gives you on how you can tell by just looking at someones face. it just really blows my mind. all in all i think that using the software in the classrooms would be a great idea. it would be very helpful in the classrooom and quite possibly in other areas. if you guys do think about using the same software into making a lie detectorthen count me in. id love to be the next person to help out the community or even the world.