now and days, our world has transformed from using simple transportation to one source the automobile. however, recent studies have shown our slow progression for the past years, discovering other ways of getting to point a to point b by having programs, reducing pollution and smog along the way, and living in an affordable economy. to begin with, cities in our world have proven to be carfree cities by allowing programs to show other ways of transportation and reducing pollution and smog along the way. in bogota, colombia, a program where it is a car free day, millions of colombians hike, bike, skate, or take buses to work and as enrique riera mentions in source , its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution paragraph . colombia has been hosting this program since the s and it has spread around the world the influence colombia has done is beyond incredible. although the program is not held everyday, it impacts the world slowly. also, in source , the usage of car in france has decreased drastically because of the intensifying smog paragraph . because their tax policy favors diesal over gasoline paragraph , theyre required to use diesal, but the french decide to rebel to save the enviroment, in result causing delivery companies to complain. although, because the french did use less cars it made the smog clear up. in all, programs such as the one held in colombia influence all arts of the world with showing other ways of transportation and even saving the enviroment. in addition, the world continues to reduce the use of cars because it becomes more affordable to the people. when the economy crashed in the united states, people relied on their cars, until they realized it was too expensive to pay gas, pay parking, but needed an alternative and as it says in source , people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit...paragraph . people do not want to go back to a car based economy. theyre finding other affordable sources. not only does the usage of cars affect people financially, but also emotionally. in vauban, germany, as a result of forbidding street parking, house garages and fees,  percent of the famalies do not own cars and heidrun walter, a mother of two, who usually bikes, expesses herself about the situation in source , when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way,. clearly, the use of less cars result in a finacial plus and an emotional change as well. in conclusion, car free days are much more effective in a way that demonstrates the world other options of transportation, an opportunity to save the enoviroment, and an affordable economy to all.