im here to inform all of you fellow citizens, about the advantages of limiting car usage. cars do lots of things for you get you to places, help you not have to hurt your feet walking, but they also do other things that arent so good for you. for example, cars pollute the air, they put your town or city or country even into debt, and they cause for less use of other equipment which could have a say so in the rise of the obesity as well. its all a matter of how you look at things. cars let out a lot more pollution that you think. especially bigger vehiciles such as trucks. trucks contain disel which cause smog in the air. if you dont want your air to be filled with smog, you might as well just stop driving cars! not just trucks though, cars have a big part in pollution too. in the story, carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky, it says the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. lines . that is saying that a goal there, in bogota is too limit the amount of vehicle use so theres less pollution. with all of the highways being put in and buildings being deystroyed for the highways, they are being made for one reason. vehiciles and trasnportation. there is suburbs and trains, and taxies and many ways for people to get around other than cars. a lot of people are losing there houses because they have to be knocked down for new highways. people are becoming unemployed because they are having to knock down stores and buildings that contain many, many jobs. all this can be fixed if there wasnt cars! with cars being around, everyone wants to just get out and drive everywhere. nobody wants to walk, run, bicycle or any other kind of excersice activity to get there. if cars stick around the obesity level is going to keep increasing because everyone is going to be able to sit in a car and drive everywhere and not get any kind of exercise. if cars werent around and people had to get to work, school, etc. they would walk or ride a bike or walk to a train station or bus station to get a ride from there. thats a good few minutes of walking which could very much lower the levels of calories and burn fat in you. its all a matter of reasoning. there is many advantages of not having cars. youd ont have to just not use a car all the time, you could just limit your to your car at a certain time. dont always depend on your car to get you somewhere. what if one day your car breaks down, you run out of gas? then what are you going to do? your gonna be too big to walk, or youll walk but get tired. you and your fellow citizens around you need to think about these things. thats why, there is many advanatges.