have you ever wanted to explore or learn more about other planets? in the challenge of exploring venus the author suggest that studying venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. venus is a near by planet, and it has much intel that we need to understand. is the data, and research we could get from this mysterious planet worth the risk? the research we can get from venus is well worth the risk it may take to retrieve the data needed. we have never been to this planet before in person, but we have had unmanned ships come to venus but with the outstanding temperatures of  or more degrees fehrenhiet, and the thick atmosphere they only last on the planet a near only few hours. with the planet atmosphere  carbon dioxide, and highly acidic and corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere there is a big challenge even landing a ship for a day. you may ask why would we even keep atempting to go there when there when we cant even have a ship there for even a day. we could get a lot of things from there that may help understand more about the planet and space travel. long ago scientist believe that is once just like earth. holding bodies of water such as oceans, lakes, and more with trees and other life forms. the planet this holds some features of a planet that was once habbitablem, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment which includes features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. even if we did need this, and people all around the world wanted to go there you may be thinking just how could we since the planet seems to destroy everything we send there. with better technology, and using computer sytems from the s, and early s we may be able to with updated sytems. these computers consist of a systems that use gears to calculate everything, meaning they arent as fragile as other newer faster computers. scientist believe they may be able to use these and more reinforced materials to make the ship stronger, they tested them in a chamber that had conditions like venus and so far the materials have laster as long as three weeks. at this point is it worth not taking the risk to get to venus? we have improved and even may get there very safely. the risk dont present as much as rish but challenges. with all the benefits of traveling there, they overway the risk. venus is worthy of pursuit to get anwsers and understandings we need to know such as did venus once have life.