dear state senator, everyone has their very own opinions on whether or not the electoral college should be abolished. well, with evidence from past elections, it is pretty clear that the electoral college rule should be abandoned. let alone is the electoral college unfair in many ways, but also, it is unneeded. first and foremost, the electoral college should left in the wind because it is unfair. our society and todays people have different opinions and different standards in life, then the people in . for example, in those times, the states we have now were not all how they were then . there was a much smaller population, . not all the states we have now were americas states then, and . peoples beliefs were different. in source  the indefensible electoral college why even the bestlaid defenses of the system are wrong, states under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president. pgph.  this is saying that the citizens votes are not being counted for, voting directly to the presidential election, but to the states electoral college. obviously, the people want their votes to mean something, and not to just let the others vote for them. during the  campaign, seventeen states didnt even see the candidates at all, this clearly shows that getting rid of the electoral college would be best. secondly, the electoral college is unneeded for voting. the citizens cast a vote in the poll, so that the president they want will when. so, how does having an electoral college make the peoples votes needed. let alone, the citizens make their own decisions. if this country is a democracy, it means the people are apart of the choices of the government to, but with the electoral college, the state casts in only a small vote from each state. because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from wyoming, representing , voters, would have as much say as the  representatives from california, who represent  million voters. pgph.  the electoral college is simply unneed. lastly, everyone has their own opinions on whether or not we should get rid of the electoral college. it is very simple, the electoral college should be demolished, due to being unfair, and unneeded.