the bacics of the electoral college that you learn in middle school is that thats how they elect the president. they have this thing called thet popular vote which is the states mojority vote which is when they hold elections in the states. then there is the vote in congress which is congress making there vote and they use the popular vote to help decide. but this was all established by the founding fathers to be a compromise. in the electoral college you have  electors and  is the majority of the votes required to elect the president. your state has a certain amount electors to go when congress has its vote. your states running canidate has their own group of electors from there polotical party. states have laws on how they are selected to be in the canidates group and they also have a say in what their responsibilities are. the president stays in office for four years then after those for years they hold a new election and the president can run again and can be elected back into office but they may only serve as president twice but once youhave elected your president you have everyone in state office that went in and voted in the congress vote. i think that the popular vote is much easier and that we shouoldnt have the state represenetives going to vote in the electoral college. the state oard of represenitives can vote along with the citezens that vote in with the popular vote. to conclude the popular vote makes much more sense then having the electoral college. now that i know more about it because i never actually knew that there was more to it then just going to the city hall and writing a name on a piece of paper the popular vote makes much more sense when the canidates compaign he will talk about the people not just the board of represenitives the peoplenon te board are citizens like us they can vote like us when you really think about it you are saying they are higher just because they got elected on the board that doesnt mean they do a good jod or they alwaysmake the right desision so if you base the vote mainly off of them that could be a total mistake they may just base their whole vote off of one miner detail and miss the big picture.