dear,state senator i think it should stay as a electoral college. it would be more reasonable if people in the electoral college voted for the people. most people who vote dont even know what the person is planning to do with the u. s. therefore it would make much more sense if people who know what theyre doing and have knowledge about the person running for president or vice president to vote. most people vote for the presidents off of looks or to follow what other people are voting for without even knowing what the person is going to do with the future of this country. im hoping this country doesnt change from electoral college to an popular voting system. it would be way easier for the people,and itll be better for the country cause then we wouldnt have people voting for someone who wants to possibly destroy the u. s. certainly i wouldnt want someone to destroy this country but i wouldnt know if theyre trying to. people in the electoral college possibly have that information of a good possible president or a bad one. lots of people in the u. s are too lazy to look up,or figure out if the new president is a good or bad person. its better for you to vote for the prsident because you have experience and know way more about thwe government and the future president then i do. youve gone to school for it and have the ability to find out the person who is running for president is a phony or not. i know that you are capable of not letting the country down by voting for the wrong person. if the united states voted for the president by a popular vote. then how would they know if the person theyre voting for isnt gonna mess up the country. so then mostly everybody that is voting has to look up the backround and see if the running president can promise what he says. most people wouldnt cause theyre busy or are to lazy thats why we have senators and people to do that for the people. in conclusion it should stay as an electoral college and not become a popular vote. sincerely, phonsit sisavat