selfdriving cars are the future. no, this is not referencing futuristic tv shows and movies like total recall, back to the future, or firefly. this is in reference to our actual future. google has been testing, since , the idea of selfdriving cars. by , these cars will soon become a reality. us humans will soon be in the future. these cars will help our world so much. they will diminish the amount of crashes and lower pollution. the reason why these cars are going to be so helpful is the fact that there will be less crashes. humans are not perfect at anything. they have their flaws. sometimes the best driver in the world crashes. this will all be solved with selfdriving cars. a driver is drunk and forgot his phone and wallet at home. this person cant get an uber or even call a taxi. good thing though he has selfdriving car. the car will do all the work, save for a few moments when the car is in need of a human. here is another story. a woman just texted her best friend a super embarrassing secret. she got into her car, started driving, and realized she forgot about telling her to not tell anyone. she cannot text now! if she looks down for even a split second, she will get hit. not to worry though! with the self driving car, she can text her best friend and her secret is saved. these will also be two crashes that were avoided. the other side of people in this argument have differemt opinions. they believe that self driving cars should not be a thing. they think they will cause more crashes and cause more accidents. these people also think it will be very boring to drive from now on, with the driver having to wait for hisher turn to take the wheel. these cars will be a danger to us humans. this argument can be easily rebuttled for both reasons. one is that maybe the driver wants to relax and does not like driving. this will take the pressure off of himher and they would only need to drive at certain points in time. second off is that the car companies are working on it. as dr. werner huber, a bmv project manager driver, says  the psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge... we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way.  this shows that the people working on these selfdriving cars are actually trying to make it so the drivers that will get bored, do not get bored. finally, the last point is very much wrong. as earlier stated, drunk driving crashes and texting crashes will become lower. also, the cars even cause less pollution. so, the people that want the same mandroven cars are actually killing more people by causing more crashes and pollution. in conclusion, selfdriving cars are the way to go. they will diminish the amount of crashes we experience per year, month, or even week. these cars will also help the environment as they procude zero pollution. so, if someone would rather want a car that is more likely to crash than a car that is more likely to keep you safe, people must ask them something. really?