venus, our earths twin, is the brightest star in the night sky. due to its dangerous conditions we have not been able to explore this planet as much as we would have liked. in the passage, the challenge of exploring venus, the author points out many reasons on why we should in fact be studying venus, despite venus bad conditions. firstly, he states, often referred to as earths twin, venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size,and occasionally the closest in distance too. by comparing earth to venus he begins to point out that studying venus could very much help us understand much more about our own planet. although venus has different surface qualities today, long ago venus was one of the closest earth like planets, surface wise, that we know of today. long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the author pushes the fact that earth is comparable to venus. next, the author offers the idea that we should explore venus because we need to be fearless to grow mankind. he states,our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. he is saying imagine what we could do if we were not afraid of what we could and couldnt do. we must step out from our confinment of our planet to grow and learn. lastly, the author goes on to say that we should take on this challenge because then we will be able to tackle other problems with traveling out into space. striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. he also lists ways nasa has began working on solutions to study venus. the author states these reasons in the passage to prove that this challenge has helped nasa grow and think about new technology that could potentialy help later on. to conclude, throughout the passage, the author strongly supported his idea on why we should study venus despite venus challenging conditions. through saying studying venus will help us understand our planet, to helping mankind and to even helping us expand our knowledge in space, he has soldifyed why going to venus is strongly supported.