driverless cars could be the future of our world. citizens around the world could relax in a diverless car after a long day at work but still be alerted to their surroundings. development of driverless cars could help people all around the world. i would like the development of driverless cars beucase it could demenstrate how a young teen is supposed to drive, how safe it would be with all the side features, and small problems could be fixed quickly. a young teen that is learning to drive could ride with an adult in a driveless car to see a visual presentation of how to drive. many young teens learn by paying attention so if they do that while in a driverless car they could driving in no time. teens could see how easy it is to drive a driverless car when they want to take control of the steering wheel. this would be a good example of stopping most teens from texting while driving becuase it would make them so focused and alerted to their surroundings they wouldnt have time to text. teens would be even more safe however, with all the safety features in driverless cars. driverless cars would be even more safer than a regular car with all the new developed features. companies like bmw developed a traffic jam assistant in their driverless car to help the driver see what their around. bmw have made progress in trying to intercept driving fun in a new way. heads up displays and vibrating seats are other ways that have helped driverless cars be developed in the future as a change to all drivers. driverless cars have many equipped items to make driving safe however, driverless cars have some problems that can be fixed easily. driverless cars would be ran by technology and could have problems that can be fixed. driverless cars would need an engineer that knows what to do to keep a driverless car from going out of control. mechanics would also help an engineer with technology by helping the exterior like the wheels. driverless cars would need insurance to help with accidents and car replacements. the devleopment of driverless cars would be great for us in the future but, what would be argued against the development of driverless cars. driverless cars are going to have some problems that are good and that are bad but that wouldnt stop the development of it. driverless cars would be a great way to teach the young teens how to drive and be on alert while in a car. it would develop a great sensory system with enough protection for all the passengers of the driverless car not just the driver. with enough hard work from engineers,mechanics, and technicans a driverless car problems could be fixed in no time. the development of a driverless car could change the world dramatically.