in germanyresidents of this rising community are suburban pioneers, leaving in where few soccer mums are at or commuting executives have ever gone before they must have giving up their cars. its about forbidden border lines and in this experimental. the new district on the outskirts of freiburg, of the french and swiss border not to say vaubans streets are completely car free. there is to be said to be a dowtown freiburg runs, and a few streets on on edge on the community. however the thing is there is car ownership it all comes down to only those who have ,, along with a house. as the result states, only vaubans families dont own cars the estimate is  percent. and the other half has  percent cars to move here. when i had a car life was always tense. im say that heidrun walter you sir, havent enjoyed life as much but atleast you are still in shape thatt is for sure ! vauban, completed in  , is the best example growing trending topic in the roots of europe, the united states have much different ways to travel then elsewhere to separates suburban life from the the life style the u.sunited states and made it a chance to start a new begining a new era, with cars to make a new component that is givin to them is called smart planning. the automobiles are linchpin of the suburbs, where the middleclass families are from chicago to shanghai to have the nerve to make their homes. and as we know that, thats what the experts say, for now they shall say that. and there is a huge impimentation to current efforts to decrease lifes drastically reducing greenhouse from the tailpipes as it was said to be done . . . . passenger cars are resonsible for  percentof the gass emissons in europe . . . and its said to be that,  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. while it has been two decades to make the cities less denser then before, and better for walking , plans are all falling into the concept of the suburbs . . . vauban, home to the , residents within a rectangular squre mile, it might be the most advanced experimentation in lowcar suburban life has had. but its still a change as we precepts are adopted around the world to make the suburan race to be more compacted to get more accessability to public transportation, with less space for parking. in other words in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on the main street that is, if rather than in malls along some distant highway. the artical states that all of the development in this same old war in world war ii to center their main attentions , that the car will have to change, said by david goldberg, an official transportation licencing for the america, a fastgrowing coalition of hundereds of groups in the united states . . . who are premoting new communities that are less dependent on cars, mr. goldberg says adding on how much will you be willing to drive as it is important as you whether you have a hybird. levittown and scarsdale, new york suburbs with spreadout homes with private dreams in towns in the late s and still exerting a strong appeal. but some new suburbs may well look more vaubanlike, not only did the developing of the countries but also in the developing of the world, where emissionsives from such in increase number rating of private cars are owned by the burgeoning middle class are choking cities and such. in other words, in the united states the environmental protection agency u.s.e.v.p.a are premoting car reductions communities, and the legistlative branch are starting to take an act, if cautiously is what it takes. many experts expect public transportation is serving the suburbs to play a much more larger role in a new sixyear federal transportational bill to be approved this year, mr. goldberg claims and says. in previous past bills,  percent of appropriations have by gone to law gone to the highways and only  percent to other of these highly organized transportaions. hopefully this contant wont be copy righted as it says by the autor elisabeth rosental all of this is for educational practices. hopfully you guys will enjoy this essay.