a good reason for other people to join the seagoing cowboys program is its a good way to bond with animals, and you would get to see some cool places around the world that you cant see at home. in the story it says that luke got to see the acropolis in greece, and he got to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. they traveled on the ship alot, so they had alot of time with the animals, since they took care of them. i think that if i were in the story i would join the seagoing cowboys program because i like taking care of animals, and i like traveling and seeing new places. i dont know if going to war would be so great, but it would be like serving your country, even if the most that youre doing is taking care of some animals. you still had a part in serving your country and thats all that matters. luke joined the seagoing cowboys program because he wanted to help people, and besides helping people he also got the benefit of seeing europe and china. he also got to take a gondola ride in venice, italy. luke toured an excavated castle in crete and marveled at the panama canal on his way to china. luke got to see some extrordinary places that some day id like to see too. and i know many others that would like to see some nice places too. these are just a few reasons why i think you should join the seagoing cowboys program, but im sure there are alot more resons why you should join. whyll luke was on board, especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time. being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the world to him. im grateful for the oppurtunity, luke said. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. and that awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years.