i think that we the people should all look forward to driverless cars. many people are so focused on all the negative effects that driverless cars could potentionally have. these people are not thinking of how everyone could potentionally benefit from driverless cars. i think that the world should have driverless cars because we are receiving advanced technology and car companies are taking great precautions to make sure that the driverless cars are safe. driverless cars will work efficiently because of all the technology that is being provided to people. back before people had technology, people used candles as light sources and they had to walk to get to a certain destination. in todays modern world we walk into a room turn on the light and turn on some type of electrical device. we waste electrical power everyday. people leave lights and televisions on all the time. it is such a waste! if we do not try to use the technology we have while we have it were wasting our time and hard earned money. we could easily fix any problems that might occur with the smart cars. the manufactures are taking great precautions to make sure that people stay safe in driverless cars. the text states, manufactures are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. from this example you can tell that as long as everyone cooperates these self driving cars will work. another precaution that the manufactures are trying to make is to keep drivers alert. in the text it also states, further improvments in senors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to car that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own. from this example we can conclude that we are so close to achieving driverless cars. if we quit now these long years of work will all be flushed down the drain. i believe that we should keep fighting for driverless cars. not using our advanced technology to our advantage would just be a waste! people are so stuck on what could happen if the car messes up. the manufactures are looking into any possible type of problem so that it can be fixed. these driverless cars are going to be able to withstand everything. these people are just worrying themselves about something that would never happen. driverless cars would be a magnificent idea.