venus sometimes the evening star,is one f the bright poinst of ligh in the nigth sky making in tit simple fo evn anc sind venuz is actually a planet in out is simple to sape plae to examine more closely and accaionally speeds .ist proximity to us challenging planet for humans to despite for study ton us a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus the clouds of hig hly coprrosive sulfuric in atmospheees and trhe temperatiras over tham more .these greatr are far more experience on our own planet .miles above the roiling venus would landscape . just as our jet travel at to flay over mamy stoms a vehicle hovering . beyond high present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes powerful earthquakes and frequent linghting strikes ti probes seeking to land on ist suface .liquefy many metals planet in our solar system thom mecury is closer to our sun beyond. our sister planet is so inhospitable why are scientists even discussing visits to surface beause it way well and have most are fascinatedlarget in our solar was probable coverred largely wiht oseans and could have supported largely wiht oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. the planet has a surface just to those on earst can somentime be mi ssion both safe and scientifically produstive . more impottantly researcher cannot take sample of rock ,gas or anything else, from a dispite . space adminictration nasa has one particulary for humans to study venus. nasa posiible solution to the hosteli con dioyions on the surface of vennus would allow scientists to conditions on the a blimp like vehicle hovering to miles.fahrenheit but the air pressure would be close to sea level solar power wouold be pletifun and radiation not exceed not easy but survivable for humans. just as uor jry airolanet travel at a would venus power beand survivable for humans temperaturas would still to above the degrees and of the unfriendly miles above the over and aou grupos by staying up pressure close to sa level. not easy conditones but survivable for humans beause most forms of photography and or maybe longb enoght to contibute meannindfutully to our knowledge of venus. for example some simplified electronics ,made of silicon catbedi have been tested in a chamber the chaos is looking role in the calculations envidopnted and played use machanical pars can be made and pther forces . these moders computers are delicate whend it phone or tablet to acid physical conditions .by venus has value and shouls the be likmted ny dangers and doubts buy expanded to meer the very of imajination and innovation .only because os the insight to be us equally on earth .the dense atmosphere , standars forms of cannot and scientists seeking to canductor themp mission on innovations to our hoverinf peerind at vvenus ship surfa have been in chanber therr weers the anotherd projecta is lookind just decate a cell .by can be human wiil into beyond should not linited and douds but expenden to meet.