in this article called,making mona lisa smile it explains an advanced technology that can identify what humans are feeling on the inside. this technology is attention grabbing and seems so futuristic. the facial action coding system claims to have lots of uses. i think that this new technology could be very useful in a learning environment. the facial action coding system could benefit a classroom setting by being able to tell if the student is completely understanding the material, being able to tell if a student if bored and zoning out, and by seeing if you are enjoying the lesson. a lot of times students do not understand the information that is being pushed on them and are too afraid to ask questions. teachers cant read a students mind, and teachers arent a computerized system to identify if a student is understanding the concepts in class. students are often too afraid and embarrassed to ask questions in class and for that sake, they just dont do it. from personal experience as a student, this can be frustrating and doesnt benefit my education. the new facial action coding system could change the way people learn on a whole new level by being able to identify confusion, and then breaking down the concepts more. having a system that can identify if students are confused could be extremely beneficial on lots of different levels. students sit through classes for up to  hours a day,  days a week. that makes me bored just thinking about it. a student is bound to zone out and not to mention get bored throughout the day. its not wrong to be teaching the material that needs to be taught, but making it a little more interesting could benefit everyone. a system that can detect if a student is getting bored and incorperating more interesting topics into the lesson would be beneficial to everyone. that could make a students life a lot less stressful, and a teachers life a lot easier. some students think other topics are more interesting than others. which is just a matter of opinion, but i found in my years of schooling that it will be a lot easier to learn material if you are enjoying it. i believe that every student has the ability to enjoy learning about something during their years of school. the facial coding system could speed up the process of finding interesting topics for a student a lot easier. sometimes it takes years to find a topic in school that you enjoy, but if we had this new technology available to us, it could help students enjoy what they are learning a lot more. the facial action coding system has many ways to benefit how we learn. understanding the material completely, being engaged in the topics, and even enjoying to learn in school. i believe that if we had to ability to do those things, and had that technology in front of us. that there is no reason students wouldnt benefit from it. it could change learning in a whole new way for students. so why wouldnt we give the facial action coding system a try in the classroom?