who would one blame if they lost a loved one in a driverless car accident? the driver or the company of said car? would you risk your life and others by using a driverless car? all these questions are what you should be asking yourself before you jump head first at the idea of driverless cars. in paragraph seven the author states, this means the human driver must remain alert and ready to take over when the situation requires. but in todays society being distracted on the road is a big issue. news reports are constantly shown about how drivers were disracted by their smartphones and had an accident due to them not being aware or being able to adjust to that sudden level of awareness so quickly. so how will driverless cars change that level of awareness so quickly? it wont, if anything the driver would be more distracted by smaller things rather than if they were driving the car completly by themselves. would you put your life in the hands of a computer? by supporting the idea of driverless cars, you are. the driverless car simply just a computer chip built into your car. yes, while it might be easier to go on road trips or somewhere you have never been, what would you do if it broke down? like all computers eventually do how would you know where to go and what would happen? all these questions are things you should be asking yourself before you put your life, and others, in the hands of a small chip. think of how much more expensive repairs would be compared to a regular car. in paragraph three, while explaining about the engineers model from berkeley, the author claimed,  these smartroad systems worked surprisingly well, but required massive ugrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical. not only would fixing repairs be expensive but to change roads also? why would you want to waste money on something you already have that gets the job done for the same thing? only difference is that its newer. ask yourself this, how you you feel driving a driverless car? would you become distracted? do you get distracted in a regular car by your phone? how safe are driverless cars? driverless cars are not as great as society believes they are, they will probably be better off staying as ideas that we see in comic books or movies about the future.