my position on driverless cars is that there should be driverless cars in the world. i think that is we had driverless cars that there would be less crashes, and if you are intoxicated in any way that the car can drive for you so there wouldnt be any drunk drivers on the road. but the setback of the driverless cars are that if you are intoxicated and there is a crash or something then you would have to take over the wheels while intoxicated. as it says in the passage,  they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues. i also think that the driverless cars are needed in the world today because if you are a truck driver and you do that for a living, that can get really tiring, especially after  hours of staright driving. so if you need to relax and you need to go to sleep just lie back and take a nap. also it says in the passage that you need to stay alert. you can fall asleep and the car can wake you up. also another good reason why we should have self driving cars is that if you have a permit and you are just starting out to drive you can put on the self driving function and the car will drive and then you can take notes from the car driving. also if you just got your lisence and you are scared just turn that function on and you will be set for when you are ready and not scared to drive. there are some setbacks to the system though. say when you are driving and you get in a crash it is going to cost a ton of money to get that car fixed because it can drive itself. another one is not alot of people in the world will be able to afford one because the car can drive it self, and the manufactures wont make profit off of the product if they dont raise the price over what they put into the car. also another setback is what if you are on the interstate going  miles and hour and the car in fron of you just suddenly stops, the self driving car will not be quick enough to turn or swerve out of the cars way. but overall of the whole driverless car system, i think that the whole syatem is a thumbs up!