i claim that we should study venus despite the dangers because of the authors points, nasa has solutions to the hostile conditions, researchers are working on innovations for machines, venus may well have been the most earthlike planet. first, nasa has figured solutions to the hostile conditions on venus. nasa have been working on a way to survive in a thick atmosphere of almost  percent cabon dioxide that blankets venus. there is also an average tempature of  degrees fahrenheit and  times greater atmospheric pressure than what we are used to. people ask how will they overcome these extreme conditions and they have found one solution. in paragraph  it says to imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the landscape. this would solve the ground conditions. it would still be hot at around  degreese fahrenheit the writer says and the air pressure would be close to that of sea level. not the best conditions but survivable for us. next is that researchers are working on inovations for machines to make is easier to study venus. the blimplike vehicle is a good but peering from  miles above venus isnt that useful for studying. that is why nasa is thinking about using some simplified electonics that are made of silicon carbide. nasa has tested this with a simulation of venuss harmful conditions . this way they could last up to  weeks with the planets condition. in paragraph  the writer wrote, another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. they were first thought of in the s and then played a huge role in s during wwii. systems that use mechanical parts can be made to resist the conditions of venus. the final statement is that venus could have been earths most looked like planet. in paragraph  the writer states that, astronomers have thought that long ago venus was probably coveed largely with oceans and could have supported varios forms of life like earth. venus has a rocky sediment surface and has familiar features liek valleys, mountains and craters. venus also is almost the same size as earth. in conclusion, nasa has solutions to the hostile conditions, researchers are working on innovations for machines, venus may well have been the most earthlike planet. maybe we will finally get to venus and see what the planet has to offer to us .