the facial action coding system that reads emotional expressions would be valuable in the classroom becuase it could tell the teacher how the students are feeling about the assessment and it could help the techer be more effective in students learning. the facial action coding system would be helpful because it could tell the teachers the emotions of the students towards the lesson and it can be used as a communication tool in the classroom. for example, the article says dr.chang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. therefore, the technology is a valuable tool becuase it helps the teacher and students communicate for better learning. too add, the article also says eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness,surprise,anger,disgust,fear, and sadness. hence, the evdience shows that the technology used can help students and techers communicate for a better learning space in the classroom. the facial action coding system would be valuable for teachers to understand how the students are feeling about the assessment and help them get a idea for what they can change to better the students learning. for example, the article says  a classroom computer could recongzie when a students is becoming confused or bored. therefore, the use of the technology can show the teachers the emotions that the students are having to help them be more focused or not confused. too add, the article also says then it could mofify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. hence, the evidence shows that the technology can benifit the teacher by help them change around there lesson plan to ensure better learning for the student. the facial action coding system can also be valuable in the classroom by helping the teacher understand the student is counfused without verbaly talking to the student. for example, the article says most huamn communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. therefore, this shows that if the student is feeling embarresed becuase heshe doesnt understand something then the teacher can come over and explain to the student whats going on or how to understand the problem with them feeling like that. too add, the technology also can tell the teacher the students is having a bad day and wants to be left alone. hence, the technology is valuable way for teachers to know whats going on with the student. the facial action coding system is valuable because its used as a way to show student behavior it shows how students are feeling about the assessments, and it could be helpful to teachers by showing them what the students like and dont like.