the face on mars was first found it was in , at first it was said that the face was made from an alien or aliens once there. nasa belives it was just a huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. nasa finaly unveiled the image for everyone to see a dew days later, thinking it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to mars. it certainly did. although few scienctist believed the face was an alien artifact, photagraphing cydonia became a priority for nasa when mars blobal suveyor mgs arrived at the red planet in spet. , eighteen long years after the viking mission ended. we felt this was important to taxpayers, explained jim garvin, chief scientist for nasas mars exploration program. we photographed the face as soon as we could get a good shot at it. on april ,  mars gobal surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time. micheal malin and his mars orbiter camera tea, snapped a picture ten ties sharoer than the original viking photos. thousands of anxiuos web surfers were waiting when a the image first apeared on a jpl web site, revealing... a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in april  a cloudy time of year in the red planet. the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. mission controllers prepared to look again. its not easy to target cydonia. says garvin. in fact its hard work. on april ,  a cloudless summer day in cydonia mgs drew close enough for a second look. malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maxium resolution. as a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image  times bigger than the pixel size, so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or egyptainstyle pyramids or even smaller shacks, you could see what they were! what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. from the informtion given here its proven that the face on mars was not created or signs of an alien or aliens on mars. the face was just a natural landform just like here in earth.