with the advancement of technology, cars are now being altered to fit human wants. driverless cars are advancing in recent years. according to the text, car companies and manufacturers such as tesla, mercedesbenz, audi, and nissan are all in plan of the development of these cars to be sold by the year . these cars may appear as eyecandy at first glance, however they can cause danger to the people in certain conditions in many ways. driverless cars seem spectacular, however people are unaware that it is not driveless as the manufacturers say. these cars have the ability to complete the basic necessities of driving, such as steering, accelerating, and braking, but there is a problem with this. the text explains how the new cars are not able to be driven in certain conditions such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. because of this, the human driver must stay alert throughout the entire drive when the car is in need of an extra hand. this is a problem beacuse humans could get bored of waiting or get distracted which is problematic if the car is not fast enough to warn the human. in short, actually having humans agree to the comitment of being ready to take over the task of driving in a driverless car seems to be unrealistic. with all this being said, someone might ponder on how the car could be slow to warn the human. creating a driverless car means a person has to put all their trust into a large piece of technology. this could cause many problems, for example, the text explains how the cars are equipt with many cameras and sensors. this is problematic because if the cars technology has a defect in it in some way, the human in the car will most likely get in an accident without doing anything. according to the text, many places such as california, nevada, florida, and the district of columbia have made it illegal to test computerdriven cars there. finally, in the case of an accident actually occuring, the problem people would face is if the car manufacturer or the human would be the one to blame. in the end, driverless cars are not safe and could lead to many problems. driverless cars are approaching into the world fast. this new technology should not be trusted due to the speed of its development. humans could face many problems with these cars now entering todays society. to conclude, driverless cars appear to be an extravegant idea however, when acutually thought out, many issues could occur leaving problems in the end.