driverless cars are not neccisarly and reasonable because they are very dangerous. driverless cars is something that is only going to be used because they want to make more money and have it to keep updated with the new generation and how we work. many would and dont support this because mainly they see it as more issues coming and something thats going to cause a problem later on. although, the car is going to have some postive things like notifying the driver when they are about to hit something or even like how ahead of the road it may be construction going on so they have to turn around its not enough good reasons to fully persuade others why we should allow this. how would we feel if everytime we got into our car it toke the most control and had charge of everything?. eventhough, a lot of people may support this and think yes we should do it! is because they are looking at it or have been pursuaded that its going to fix all problems. the new law that was made was no talking and driving on the phone or texting and driving so people made a car where you could have a speaker phone when someone call you so it would be easier. the more problems that is known is more ideas people have so they create a new car or a new material. people may look at it like simplier ways for them driving but not too many look into it and notice that it doesnt always help the problem because most of the time it just created more issues that we have to solve and get rid of . the good things about  driverless cars is its something new and better. we are looking at it as a second hand to help out and tell me when something is wrong. they are percieving it as a car that is looking out and knows best because its looking out at all angles and directions. the good things about it is yes, we are not able to see everything around us or even hear everything so if a car tells us something we do not know or didnt realize then great ! it helps. the car will have a gps which is a bonus because not everyone knows their directions to all places if we get lost then what not too many people we know that would help us or even know the place we are trying to go. the main reason why driverless cars should not be approved and used is because its not  trustworthy. they may see it as and percieve it as something better and helpful but they are wrong. if, they already got states where they made it illegal to even test computer driven cars then thats a reason right there. therefore, if driverless cars is something thats so good and help people they should have everyone on their side about it. its too much going on that they have placed in the car having all that could make more damage.it will distract the driver by everything they are trying to do on top of worrying about what the car have to say about their surroundings, directions, and more. its more painful and dangerous having many things going on in the car then just having a regular car. some people may even see this as as the driver being lazy because if they are being told then that means they will be less alert and less focus on whats happening because they will say well i have my car thats going to tell me everything i need to know. some will get too comfortable with this and when they dont have it anymore they will be lost. mainly, because there is always new drivers they dont need new technology to tell them everything because they need to learn by themselves.