in the article that we read it told you about cars being able to drive themselves, that alone tells you how much technology is changing around us everyday. its scary to think that not that long ago we didnt have cars at all. even when they were finally invented they are nothing compared to the outstanding machines we have today. but as time goes on there eventually needs to be a point that we say no to some advances such as this one. the idea of cars driving themselves is unique but i personally dont think they should be used in our day to day lives. i also feel as if the public wouldnt feel to safe on the roads knowing that some people arent even putting a single eye on the road but rather on there iphone. to continue on my last point many people would probably find it very worry some that the person is off in there own little world since the car would be doing all the work. yes in the article it said that the human driving could take control at anytime, and that the driver must pay attention to the road for things the computer cant pick up yet. in reality most people arent going to be looking at the road if they dont have to since something else is doing it for them. safetly to yourself and everyone around you while on the road is key, thats why we take permit tests and drivers license tests. they take these test to prepare themselves and other young people on how to drive well and safely, this gets way more complicated when you start adding things. with new cars that can drive themselves, that would mean that the governement would have to start creating more laws to protect everyone on the road. it would also mean that not all teens would learn affectivly learn how to drive if they keep turning that fucntion on in there car. at the end of the day though no matter how many laws you put up there are always gonna be people that break them. theres a high chance that the amount of accidents will increase with more and more teens thinking that they are invicible using the car and that the car will do everything. but in reality when they need to manually drive the car themselves it will be to late and there will have been an accident. yes there would be smart individuals that would always pay attention and follow the laws but a few rotten apple are going to ruin everything for everyone else. the article driverless cars are coming was an intresting read and i enjoed it, if you couldnt have already guess but i am against the idea of such things. i like the idea of something like that finally coming out of the books you read as a kid becoming a reality and i know some people will buy it. i had my personal choice and i clearly stated the bad part but that doesnt mean there arent any good ones. i believe that everything must be used in moderation but this one there is no easy middle really, you either have it or you dont. if this is eventually added into what we deal with in our daily lives then i hope people use it responisbly.