the face on mars isnt created by aliens, its just a landform made. there is evidence to prove that the face on mars isnt created by the aliens. the face on mars isnt a creation made by the aliens. it isnt because why would the aliens want to create such a thing like that? on paragraph  in the passage it states the face on mars is located at  degrees north martian latitude where it was winter  a cloudy time of the red planet is what it says. if that was true, that it was a cloudy winter climate then the aliens wouldnt have enough time to be doing a creation like the face. the aliens would have no clue on how to do a face on mars. the face on mars is just a natrual landform, nothing else. the aliens didnt do a face on mars. to prove that, evidence from the passage says thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing...a natrual landform. the web even says that its just a landform. when the web surfers wanted information about it the web just said that its a natrual landform. the whole face on mars is a landform that scientist found on mars. the face on mars from  till  changed a lot. in  they didnt have much technology to see the face clearly, so they thought it was a face of an alien because the picture was blurry and it looked from a blur that it was an aliens face. until now in  technology made it clear to see that its just a landform that is cracked and looks from far away like a face of an alien. evidence from the passage states that malins team captured an extraordinary photo using the cameras absolute maximum resoluion. the team took a photo with an amazing camera to make it clear that it wasnt a face. it made it clear to see that it was just a landform. as you can see that the face is just a landform and not a face of an alien. nasa wants to make you think it was a face of an alien but it really isnt. the researchers found evidence of the face on mars that its just a landform. dont make pictures fool you, because sometimes they arent as clear as you think.