this technology is very valuable to the class room. this program can change the way teachers aproch teaching. this program can help teachers to determain if a student is ready to move on to a higher level of learning. the facs enables us to open a window into a new classroom. this computer has the capability to read a persons emotions in real time. so in the middle of class most of the students get bord. this program can notify the teacher so he or she can change up the lesson plan for the next day. the program can also read confusion. one of the biggest worries of the teacher is that the student is just not getting it. the program can show that this spacific student is not getting the asignment or the task. then the teacher can sit down with that student and celarify there confution. the facs can identify the diffrence between a genuine smile and a forced smile. say a teacher is reavaluating there leson plan and wants to know what the students are acutally finding interesting or liking. this program can read the indavidule mucles in the face. the teacher can see if a student is lieing or not by using the program. useing the program to tell if a student is lieing or not can not only save the child from harming him self but also keep him from harming others. facs can read six basic emotions. the ability to read these emotions are endless. this program reads the muslces of the face to find the emotion that is being protraed by the student. the code rcognises the facial muscles movements and asigns emotions to those jesturs. knowing that the program can detect the smallest expretions can help a teacher identify wheather or not a student is ready to move on to the next level of learning or are they not ready for the next level. being able to tell if a student is ready can alow the teacher to help them on the next step of the journy. the facs program has opened a window to the posobilities of a whole new way of learning. its ability to read confusion and bordum can help better understand what the student is thinking. the ability to determin the difrence of a genuine and fake smile can keeo kids away from bad behavior. this program can not only change the schools but make them benifical to everyone.