it is , everything is changing from our clothes, media, social norms, etc. scientists are moving closer to become independent of labor and moving more towards technology. first it was the car, then phones, now facial action coding system. in the article making mona lisa smile written by nick dalto, the idea of having technology to do decode what emotion you are feeling is central to popular belief. the idea that a camera with a few buttons would be able to tell how you are feeling is absolutely impeccable. the everyday use of technology should not become normal. this society needs to know that soon enough everything will be controlled by technology. the article making mona lisa smile has many ideas that i do not agree with. starting with the fact that putting a facial action coding system in a classroom will be the same as if an effective teacher were to be there. the demonstration of this system itself seems very interesting, but only in the right place and the right time. in paragraph six doctor huang explains most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication this mean that the computer will be there physically but will rarely give any verbal or emotional communication. putting this in a classroom full of students and having it code their emotions is not only a crime to teachers everywhere but also to the students. not only do the students need someone physically to be there, they also need someone to model for them. all students have different ways of learning. if the students who learn by the teacher modeling, they wont be doing very good with the computer. not only do the students need a teacher there as a figure to respect and trust, but they also need their own privacy. doctor huang states a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored this is not necessarily a good thing. if the computer is watching their every move and facial or emitonal expression they would feel like they are constantly being watched. this is a feeling the children should not be exposed to at an age where you are just being a kid. if the students are being watched, they are then mainly apart of a science experiment that they did not agree to and that is not right. the final reason why this computer would not be effective with the kids is that there is a liability factor when it comes to putting one of these in your classroom. you have to think about what the parents will have to say. doctor huang also includes if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. but if you frown, the next ad will be different. this means that the computer is watching every single move you do while you are searching the web. the camera is turned on and who knows if a person might be watching you through the other end. many parents or even potential buyers may not want this from new technology. in conclusion, technology will be apart of our everyday lives whether we like it or not. the different types of technology that we use is what we can control. the facial action coding system is the type of technology that students and teachers should steer clear of. technology may be able to do cool things, but that doesnt mean it doesnt come at a price.