in this article unmasking the face on mars. it is about a rock formation from the red planet that many people belive was created by aliens but it was not created by aliens. three reasons are first nasa has little eveidence that it was not created by aliens, second this shadowed human face is just a rock formation, and third the pictures taken revealed it wasnt from aliens. first, nasa has little eveidence that it was not created by aliens in the article nasa says what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesalandforms common around the american west. nasa does have much more evidence too that they wont reveal. in paragraph five it talked about how nasa was hiding there evidence. also few scientist from nasa believed the face was an alien artifact for a while too, until they did more investigation and found it wasnt. second, this shadowed human face is just a rock formation. in the article it says a few days later nasa unveiled the image for all to see. the caption noted a huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. at first scientist figured it was another martian mesa, but then they found out it wasnt which im sure theyre glad it was something else because martian mesa are something common. in paragraph twelve they give descriptions and compare the rock formation to earth like things. one thing it said was it reminds me most of middle butte in the snake river plain of idaho, says garvin. thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on mars. third, the pictures taken revealed it wasnt from aliens. a quote from the article is thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. there was no alien monument after all. the pictures they had taken were high enough quality to prove it was just that rock formation. a quote from the article to support this is each pixel in the  image spans . meters, compared to  meters per pixel in the best  viking photo. they had a camera that was ten times sharper than the viking photos that were taken and could see through the clouds and the camera could spot almost anything like weird unusual shapes, markings, and skeptics. in the article it said the camera on board mgs had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze. this article is about a rock formation from the red planet that many people belive was created by aliens but it was not created by aliens. there were three reasons to support my answer they were first nasa has little eveidence that it was not created by aliens, second this shadowed human face is just a rock formation, and third the pictures taken revealed it wasnt from aliens. after you read this essay you should be convinced it was just a rock formation because there is so much eveidence from nasa proving it is.