cars arent bad....or are they? in the s the u.s went though a time where cars were everything. our culture was about the new  mustang or camero, the new  mustang mach . the whole idea of cars and americans are one of the easly seen together thing like peanut butter and jelly. the thing is though cars lead to the second amount of pollutant in america right behind powerplants. this is bad for both the safety and enviroment of people, because gas emmissions lead to smog. smog is a deadly mixture of carbon and fog, it is created when fog is settling in a city or area and then with carbon that is being released by cars they mix causing a deadly black toxic fog that can serously hurt peoples lungs when they breathe it in. by limiting car usage, like for example the city of vauban, germany where city are prety much carfree, you can still buy a car and have it but its pointless to do so because everything is by your house and if you need to pick up grocery or such its down the road. this makes people more happy as one women stated when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. this lifestyle of a carfree suburban life can reduce smog from happening in your area. paris, france the city of love. it can also now be called the city of smog, it rivalled beijing,china in the amount of smog in the air. yes this was due to wethear and the combination of diesel fuel. people of paris found out first hand how bad smog can be for five days! it would be just a lot easier of having limiting car usage the advantages are ridoclaus, people are more happy, you dont have to worry about smog and in some countries you dont have to pay a tax or a fine of some sort. the advantages are great for many reasons they can help you out in your pocket and also with your health. now who doesnt want to live like that? i mean im sure there is more reasions on why limiting car usages is good for example less cars lead to car accidents, your insurance would be lower because of price and demand, better air quality, better health quality both pyshically and mentally from all the exrcising you have to do. i mean i understand the question when it said must be based on ideas and informantion given but these can also be reasons on why car free sub urban cities are good. think about it you have a city with no pollutant and or cars are banned. there are cities like this all ready for example there is a town in maine where the people banned all cars! people are on bikes just getting there stuff, and if you do happen go into this town with a car you are fined . also when the car first came out did you know that it was a green solution to horses because horses pooped every where so it was considered more green to buy a car then a horse. im just saying you should be able to bring out side information to this and i understand that you might be going this guy got a zero or what ever but lets be honest you probally didnt know that information. this information would helped give my fellow citizen a good reason why that limiting car usage is a good thing. who wants to be outside breathing in smog? when i can be riding my bike and not have to worry about a. car insurance, b. car accidents and c. getting into shape.