a vehicle without a driver has always been a thing seen in fiction movies or movies set in the far future. not having to drive your car may seem like a luxery for some, but for others it isnt a good idea. driverless cars can have many more problems than regular cars. they have a higher chance of malfuntioning, causing the drivers to be reckless and rely on the car to drive for them, and it can put everyone in a dangerous position. any electronic device could malfuntion at any moment due to a number of problems. this would be very dangerous for the driver and even cost the owner of the vehicle a large sum of money to properly fix the problem. a malfunction of the cars computer system that allows it drive on its own could result in the car not being able to slow down, the car to be stuck in acceleration, the car stoping completely, or the car not being able to alert the driver when their assistance is needed. humans have a tendancy to be reckless when behind the wheel. they drive over the speed limit, ignore warning signs, and show off in the presence of their peers. if the driver becomes solely reliant on the car to drive, they may not pay attention when the car needs the persons assistance. the driver may become distracted by other things and in the mind set of the car being able to drive on its own, miss the warning sign given by the car that they have to take over driving. this would result in the driver crashing or possibly hitting a pedestrian. driverless cars could prove to be more trouble than they are worth by putting the driver, passengers, and pedestrians in a dangerous situation. while a person is driving, the car may malfuntion as mentioned earlier and could cause an injury to both the drivers and nearby pedestrians. the car, especially in its early stages, is most likely going to have many malfuntions, miscalculations, and glitches that could put anyone in harms way. another way the car could prove to be dangerous iss by the recklessness and laziness of the driver. drivers would become reliant on the car to drive itself in various places and terrain, expecting it be able to maintain the appropriate speed while manovering through the obstacles of triffic, construction, and detours. in conclusion, the driverless car is not a good idea. it can be very dangerous at times and not worth the money that would be put into making it. the car would malfuntion, mostly in its early stages, and put everyone in danger. the car would also cause the driver to become lazy and not pay attention while the car is driving. the driver would become distracted and not pay attention when the car warns that it will need the drivers assistance to manover the obstacles in front of it. the car is generally dangerous, both with malfuntions and reckless driving, and should not be allowed for purchase by the general public for their safety and the safety of those around them.