i think the use of this technology is very valuable because i think its really cool how advanced technology can detect human emotions. this kind of technology can be very resourceful later on. and i think that in this generation, a machine that can tell if youre happy, sad,angry, or surprised will be fun for students to experiment with. using technology to read ones emotions, in my opinion, is actually really cool. i never thought there was gonna be some kind of advanced technology that could read soneones emotions. professor thomas huang, and professor nicu sebe have worked on the lastest innovation to percieve emotions. they are also developing new ways for humans and computers to communicate. at the bottom of paragraph  it says  the software is the lastets innovation from prof. thomas huang, of the beckham institute for advanced science at the university of illinois, working in collaboration with prof. nicu sebe of the university of amersterdam. dr. huang and his colleague are experts at devoloping better ways for humans and computers to communicate. i think this kind of technology will be very resourceful in the scienece industry. it could help scientists focus more on the characteristics of human emotions. i believe it could also help them to reciprocate with the facs  fcaial action coding system. having this kind of technology in the classroom will be very beneficial for students, and also fun at the same time. students can learn and observe the behavior of their classmates as they try to detect any emotions. at first they might be able to read each others emotions on the first try, but with the facs, im pretty sure that it can detect any hidden emoton or if the students do not show any emotions at all. in the midle of paragraph  it says, a classroom computer could recognize when a students is confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructr. in conclusion, i believe that the facs is very valuable. it will not only be benefical to students, but to scientists too. i believe that they could be very useful in the near future. and that this is a great source of advanced technology.