this would seem like a good idea having known when a student is struggling or confused and then being able to change the lesson to a more understanding lesson. i dont like the idea of this because i dont think that this would give students their privacy. it freaks me out if i think that someone is watching me through the camera of my smartphone or my laptop. if i knew someone was using my camera on my smartphone to watch me i wouldnt use my smartphone as much just because i wouldnt feel safe. facial reconition is very interesting and facinating, but it is just not normal and its scary. this technology is being used in new smartphones where the phone can use facial reconition to unlock your phone and yes, its cool but it is also a little odd and its never been done before. this technology could be good for goverment help too, but i dont think this software should be put in student laptops just for if the student gets confused or lost and it can switch the lesson. the administrators could like this idea but if the student is stuggling with something then they could ask their teacher, if they arent near their teacher than most teachers would reply to email and help a student through email. me personally as a student i dont like the idea of this software being put in student laptops. i think the idea of the software being put into smartphones is a bad idea, juust because of people privacy and identity being secure. if someone got a hold of this software and they used it for bad reasons such as identity theft that is a reason i dont like the idea of this software being put into smartphones and laptops. i do however like the idea of this software being able to read emotion especially non human emotion, i think its very facinating that this software could tell the emotion of the world famous mona lisa. being able to replicate human muscles and and facial structures in a computer to be able and get this kind of technology is absolutely amazing. emotion is sometimes very complicated to understand when you see someones facial expression. there are nearly eight billion people on earth and being able to use technology to figure out someone emotional state is nearly ground breaking. this break in technology is outstandind and extremely impresive because there arent many people who could make a piece of sowtware that can do something like this. i doubt that when da vinci painted this world renoun panting that in the future someone would be looking for what emotion da vinci put in the mona lisa. this painting has had very many conspiracies done about it but i dont think anyone in the world who has seen it has ever went i wonder what emotion she is feeling right now? in the end i like this software being used to find emotion in humans and paiinting but i dont like the idea of it being used for phones or laptops.