growing up, watching shows that had futurisic characteristics, i have always dreamed of having a car that could drive its self. a car that would go the speedyou would tell it to go and let you sit back relax and let you enjoy yourself. although i have always wanted one in the future,i realize that they are very dangerous and require a lot of cooperation at some times the driverless cars could make a great impact on society if people started to obtain them. they use much less gas and not give off as much pollution. for example, the first paragraph states the cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. but although i see the many pros that come with the driverless cars, i aslo see the cons. paragrap seven states this means the juman driver must remain alert and be ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever a problem occurs. the quote shows that although the cars are technically driverless, if they get in a complicated situation that they can not handle themselves, then the driver must be able to quickly react to change the situation. this would lead to lots of dangerous accidents. for example if the driver falls asleep and the car needs the humans help, the human may not be able to wake up in time befor the problem occurs. also im guessing that the car would not have much time to alert the driver before a problem or accident occurs. one last thing that is bad about these cars are that if they get into an accident then the driver is fully responsible for them. why should the non driver be blamed for the vars theat are suppose to be driverless. driverless cars can bring many new things to us such as lower gas milage and less polution but overall, the driverless cars are not needed and can cause many problems. the car can get into accidents that humans are not responsible for and require a lot of human assistance which really would make the car driverless.so if the problems could be fixed with the current condition of driverless cars then i would be happy to see them on the road, but until then i think it is much better to use the same cars that we have been using for years.