limiting car usage can be a major impact on our everyday life. just think about what would happen if people stopped using their cars and started walking or riding bikes for transportation. if we did that it would reduce greenhouse gas in europe, it would also limit the amount of money spent on fuel used by the everyday economy, further more it would lower air polution. first off, b limiting the epidemic of car usage it would reduce greenhouse gas in europe . now in europe  percent of greenhouse gas emissions is made up of passenger cars. and o percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. just by taking a bus or riding a bike for transportation you could help limit this cause. its been plenty efforts in the past but now its starting to take affect exspecially in the suburbs. further more, we could be reducing the amount of fuel we need all over the world just by limiting the amount of time you use your car. we spend more money on fuel than we do anything else. why, well because eveything needs fuel now a days. diesels makes up  percent of vechicles in france,compared to a . percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western europe, according to reuters. we could really be putting our money towards other thing such as parks and rebuilding our communities. a study last year showed that driving by young people decreased  percent between  and .. also, one of our major problems is air polution. we have a very high concentration of it. well because majority of the people drivr their cars and cars take up fuel then that fuel is released through the motor and it gets into the air. now just by limiting your car usage you good take aways stress and lower the amount of air polution said businessman carlos arturo plaza. he and his wife made a difference just by riding a twoseat bicycle. as a result of the recession many may find less reason to resume the habit. in conclusion, you can make a difference just by doing one little thing. just sit back and think about what huge of an impact it will be if you lower your car usage. you can be that helping hand that reduces greenhouse gas not jujst for you but for evryone around you. help limit the amount of money spent on fuel, we could be using that money for something usefull. last but not least help lower the air polution it would really make a difference. help make that change!