education is continuously changing, as all educators and students know. though schools think they have done everything they can to make the school experience more beneficial to everyone such as having ipads so students no longer have to be burdened with excessive books, or putting more electives out that students actually enjoy. education is in a very revolutionary era right now, but everyone is thinking, what else could they really do? that is when facial expression technology comes into play. facial expression recognition technology is still a fairly new idea, so it may be a long time before we see it in any classrooms yet, with that being said, it is a revolutionary idea that helps computers recognize how a human is feeling. dr. huang is the creator of this technology along side prof. nicu sebe of the university of ansterdam. this technology was made so that computers and humans could have better communication, in paragraph , the reader is presented with the idea that if you saw a web ad that you disliked your computer could recognize that by the frown on your face and not show something similar to that, and vice versa. so what could this technology do for schools? students would be able to express they needed help without even raising a finger. the author displays in paragraph six that they too have thought about the idea that this could really change schools, for example, if a student is watching a video online for help and isnt understanding still, the computer could recognize the students unhappiness and switch the learning style of the video until the student is satisfied. with that in mind, teachers would also no longer have to worry about embarassing a student by asking if they need extra help, or worrying that a student is too scared to ask for help in fear of its peers, that will be eliminated with this technology by recognizing the smallest sign of discomfort. technology is the future, and with this invention it shows that the education system will not fail and only get better as time goes on, not only in america, but universally. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal dr. huang explains in paragraph four, proving that this would be able to be used everywhere. the entire world could use this technology without needing to wait for their countries version to come out because there would be no language barrier,it is working off of nonverbal cues that are universally known and neverchanging. technology like this would spread like a wildfire and schools all over the world would find use for this, if not in the everyday classroom, then the advanced and special needs classrooms. though it is crazy to think, one day teachers may no longer be needed because of technology like this, making the learning experience more personal and less guarded at all times, which every student wants. technology is the future, it will always be there and will constantly keep evolving. with new inventions such as the facial expression recognizer it shows that technology will continue to make life easier and learning better. in years to come it is hoped that we will have these revolutionary machines in every school universally, anything to make learning better for the students.