have you ever been in school and not understood, didnt want to do it, or just was bored with your school work. i think mostly everyone in the world has gone throw that and that can affect you in the future, also on and what you have learned in school. i think this new computer sytem can help and change that. one it helps the teacher find better way to teach there students. two it helps the children learn better. finally it can be that start of new inventins to help the children work and learn better in school. the fist reason why i think this computer system would help in schools is becuse it can help the techer find better way to teach there students. teacher can get reports on what students emotions are during a lesson to see if there needs to be a change. this can also help let teachers know mostly which students need more help that others. also with students who are just bored with the lesson and it makes them not want to work. this can be supported by paragraph sixa classrom computer could reconize when a student is confused r bored dr. huang predictsthen it could modify the lesson, ike an effectiv human instructor. the second reason why i think this system would be valuable in school is because it helps the kids learn better. one it can chnge the lesson when it sees a child is behind to help them catch up, confused to help them understand better, or bored to make the lesson more enterting to help hem focuse. this idea chan chage so many students lives for the better. this is why i think it would help students learn better. finally i think it can help start new ideas to help better school. if this compuer system works it can inventors start to think of new ideas to make school an easier place to learn. this can help people make inventins for even more things like what kinds of foods students should eat to find when a student has something that been bring harm t other students . this is only a few of the many reasons why this cud help start the ideas for new inventions on how to make school better. in conclusion i think this computer system i valuable and can make school a etter place. one because it an help teacher. two it helps children lern better. lastly it can lead to new ideas to make school better. how do you feel about this new computer system do you thin its valuabel.