the author explains in the article the challenges of exploring venus that studying venus is a wrothy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. paragraph  lines  this supports that idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because in the quote its basically saying that theyre thinking about having a mission but they understand the dangers in venus. the author has a lot of ideas that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. a lot of his ideas about venus is that its the closet planet that is like earth but there are a lot of problems with venus. two dangerous things about venus is on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. paragraph  lines  this means that the surface is way hotter than ours so that would be a major problem and also the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than ours which is another major problem. if we lived on a surface that was over  degrees than how would we even survive? also, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this clouddraped world. each previous mission was unmanned, and for good readon, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. paragraph  lines  this also supports the claim that venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because this tells the reader why a spaceship hasnt touched venus. the good things are that venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. paragraph  lines  this would mean that we wouldnt have to worry about going to a planet that is way smaller in density and in size than earth. also it would mean that whoever would go to venus wouldnt have to go a long way because venus is the closest planet to earth distance wise. the author did an amazing job supporting the ideas about why studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because he gave examples of why venus could be considered a good or bad planet. the author did this by supporting his claims which is very good. so the author did very well on supporting the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despiting the dangers.