i know that the face is nothing but a natural land form. i know because the picture was taken in poor quality, we now have a higher quality picture proving it is nothing but a natural landform, and if it was created by aliens, we we wouldnt keep it a secret. thats how i can prove to you that the face was not created by aliens. the original picture the one looking like a face was taken on a poor quility camera. it was taken on the viking , according to the article, in . the camera equipment was out of date, making that picture irrelivent. also, one pixel on the camera spanned  meters, according to the reading. thats one reason that the picture looked like a face. another way we are sure that is wasnt alienmade, is ouur newer photoevidence. as stated in the previous paragraph, the one pixel on the viking  spanned  meters. our newest photo was shot with a camera having pixels spanning . metes. thats a big difference! our new camera is up to date, and proves that it is nothing but a natural land form. lastly, according to the reading, we captured a picture of the face at the maximum quality. this proves to show that the old picture was just an illusion, because of the low quality. the last reason that we can be sure that th face was nothing but a landformation, is the fact that if it was made by aliens we wouldnt be keeping it a secret. if anything, it would be benificial towards nasa if we found aliens. it would gives us a beter reputation and more money to fund our projects. if there was an alien civilization on mars, we would share it with the public, not hide it. that how we know that it was nothing but a landform. these are all reasons that we can use to prove to you that the face was nothing more than a natural landform. the original photo was taken in , with an outdated camera. we took a new picture of higher quility, of the same spot, and there was not face. even there were aliens, it would be benificial toward nasa to share it with the public. thats how we can prove the picture just happened to be a coincidence.