by the year , i am sure we will have multiple car dealers with driverless cars. many people think that the self driving car is dangerous, and is putting the driver and everyone else at risk. in some cases those people are right, but when you level out the pros and cons, the pros overrule. i am for self driving cars because when on the road, so many distractions can accur inside ones car. maybe the driver is putting on makeup, eating, or even on the phone. these actions occur everyday whether one is in a self driving car or not. having a self driving car will eliminate the accidents caused by putting on makeup, eating, or talking on the phone. however, if at any point the car can not control the road conditions, the driver must be ready to take over. it may come as a surprise to the drivers when they are in the middle of putting on makeup and suddenly they have to steer through road construction. it can get exhausting when one is sitting behind the wheel waiting for their turn to drive, but the driver must always be alert. the driver should do whatever they can to stay focused and not get too distracted so that when the time comes they are ready to drive. legally many teenagers get their license at age sixteen. some of those teenagers are not comfortable or are not confident in driving in the open road just yet. with the self driving car, one can gain back that confidence and let the car take them wherever they want. now other drivers do not have to worry about young drivers getting in accidents because the self driving car will prevent the child from danger. however when the time comes to drive itself, the young driver must be able to take control and not get scared. many accidetns today happen because people are not paying attention or they get nervous and do not know how to act on the situation. teenagers especially, with little experience, have no clue what to do when faced with an obstacle. they panic and do not stay calm and handle the situation. those who have injuries are restricted to their driving. it depends on how severe the injury is, but the driver will be notified if driving is safe for them. with the self driving car, the driver can sit back and relax knowing that the car will do everything for them. when one is injured it is hard to stay at home and not get things done. with the self driving car, the driver can still get around town and get things done without the injury being a conflict. yes the self driving car is fantastic and benefits many, but it does not mean that the driver should slack off and not pay attention. the driver is still at risk for any accident that may occur while on the road. no excuses will be tolerated because the driver knows that if at any time they should take over. the drivers focus should always stay on the raod and be alert to anything that may harm or become an obstacle of the car. i look forward to  when the self driving car is made known. i hope that the rate of accidents goes down with the assistance of driverless cars. as technology grows everyday, i look forward to when life is made simpler.