driverless cars seem to be something that is popular for the near future. in my point of view, the driverless car is an invention that could possibly be dangerous for the saftey of us citizens. why would we possibly need a car to drive itself? the passage states that the car will still need the attention of the driver, so basically it seems pointless. the manufacturers say that there is a lot to work on, that just makes me think it is really not a good idea if saftey is a main concern. the driverless car is not going to completely be driverless! they are planning to have some sort of entertainment in the vehicle for the driver, wouldnt that be dangerous? the driver will be distracted and will not be paying attention to the road, what if the displays dont turn off and the car is headed into trouble? the driver has to be alert, and i believe that it takes away from the whole point of the driverless creation. the passage even mentions that the safest way to drive is to be completely engaged on the road with both hands on the steering wheel. there are so many things that can go wrong, i predict that the manufacturers will never be completely positive that the car is  safe. manufacturers are still figuring out how to make the car better, that signifies that there are multiple things that could go very wrong. they need ways to get the distracted drivers attention so they can take over, they need emergency systems, and many more years of working on this project. the creators dont want the drivers to be bored so they are building distracting entertainment inside the vehicle, but they are also concerned with the saftey and attention of the driver. all of these things put together add up to make it seem dangerous. i agree that driverless cars are possibly our future, they do sound interersting. they catch the attention of many people, its the type of things we see in the movies and it would change our everyday lives. we have to pay good attention on our saftey more than our pleasure. many states are against computer driven cars, it is for the saftey of the people. it would be so simple for one small error to go in the wrong direction. in conclusion, there are many opinions and ways to view the future of our vehicles. my view is that the driverless car is something we could live without, it is another dangerous invention that can easily cause negative accidents. the intention of the manufactures is to make our future dream like and fun, but the cons of this invention are not good.