i think that the idea of driverless cars is terrible. i dont understand the point of it and why its needed. why would people need those cars if honesly the easiest and safest way is to just drive your own self? technology is actually dangerous now and these days. i am against driverless cars being made for our future. first off technology is extermely dangerous. their are very many things being made right now that are exploding and seriously injuring people. imagine what a driverless driver is capable of such as recking, exploding, and or even just breaking down in the middle of whatever is going on. who will be blamed if any of those happened? as it states in paragraph  if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer?. either way something wrong goes on and its all because of the driverless car. then the driving your own self is easiest way because you dont have to deal with all the malfunctions or any problems the driverless car has. dont risk your safety for that driverless car, all itll do is just cause problems for the people. its a lot easier driving your own then having to turn off all the headsup displays and then taking over to drive on your own. it exclaims that in paragraph  some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing incar entertainment and information systems that use headsup displays. such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over.... that is too much work when all you can do is just drive on your own not using any of that new technology. all that is just pure laziness. the last reason on why the driverless cars shouldnt be made is because of your own safety. your putting yourself at risk because you never know what can happen to the driverless car. as it states in paragraph  presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. it clearly states that human drivers should be in control at all times because its the safest way and you arent risking your life and safety for the car. to conclude my arguement all i really have to say is dont risk your safety for this technology car that cant be trusted. i am against driverless cars being made for our future.