most of us are pretty curtain that we will still be driving cars regularly untill our granchildren have grandchildren. in reality most car manufactures are planning to change that by as early as ! they have been working very hard and constantly to bring us the products that they have now but that brings up questions .are they safe to drive us on the road or if they are energy effeciant and cheaper than a regular car? believe it or not, most car manufacturers have been working on self driving cars or smarter cars as said by general motors since the late s and programing and computing have came a long way since. the first idea was to make the cars run on special tracks that had embedded electrical cables that sent radio signals to the cars receiver on the front of the end of the car. now it is all programing as google has stated that they have driven driverless cars for more tham half a million miles without a crash. firstly most people are worried about how the car will react in different situations or how well the cars senses are. google is using postioin estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirrow, four automotive radar sensors, a gps receiver, and an internal motion sensor. these same cars have driven half a million miles without a crash so sensors are not a concern. the most important sensor of the car is the spinning sensor on the roof it has. it makes a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings making the cars reactions to things it may not nessecarly be infront of importnat and key. the cars are also much more energy effeciant than todays people driven cars, cutting fuel consumation in half, but self driving cars are not completly self driven. they will alert the person or let the person take the wheel if there is a road block or a potention hazard ahead. they still need help from the human as computer judgement will never be as sharp as human judgement or decision, but for the most part the car can do most of the things a car needs to do on its own, tesla has a plan to release a car that is capable of more than  auto pilot mode on it. so in conclusion the self driving car will come wether we like it or not but it will be a very good thing for the world. little accidents have been caused by them and they are much more fuel efficent than regualr cars. they also have an alarm system to keep the driver alert at all times just incase he needs to take over the wheel, so need to worry about somthing going wrong as you have the choice to drive the car at any given time.