driverless cars. should they be a thing, or shouldnt they be a thing? they are capable of many things and theyre not even fully made yet. they could be capable of sensing other cars or danger. for example, googles modified toyota prius uses positionestimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, theres a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, and many more things. i think these cars should be a thing in our society because they could benefit us in a lot of ways. yes, these cars arent  advanced right now, but, so arent electric cars, or cars that run on gas. cars are cars, they will always get better through out the years. no car is a right car. smart cars seem like a good idea to me. they are basically... smart. just like our cellphones they can play music, tell you where you are if youre lost, you can even call people from them. also, fuel wouldnt be such a big problem. we would use less gas, less gas means less money the u.s. would borrow from other countires. they could help our new generation in many ways. i agree with the development of the cars because they seem much more safer. like i mentioned, their sensors are well advanced. they could sense danger. when youre not paying  of your attention to the road, your car would let you know whats going wrong. that right there tells me that smart cars could reduce deaths by a lot. most deaths in the u.s. are caused by driving, if your car lets you know that something is wrong, it basically just saved your life. lastly, smart cars could be useful for us in this new generation. people like to text, but thats a horrible idea when youre driving. if you text while youre driving youre basically risking your life. smart cars could read your texts when youre driving. also, people dont like being late to work, school etc. most of the reasons why people are late is because of bad road conditions or traffic. yes smart cars cant drive around these conditions but google cars alert the driver to take over the wheel when things like this happens. also they have a gps on them, since theyre made through google they could have google maps in the system  that could tell you the fastes route to your desired destination. i totally agree with the development of these cars. these cars could benefit us in many ways and are well advanced for our generation so far. they can help you find the fastest route to your destination, they would reduce the use of gas by a lot. also, they can sense danger  warn you. that seems like a huge positive safety feature. lastly, they can drive independently under specific conditions. if conditions are bad, they alert you to take over the wheel. so yes, i totally agree with the development of these cars.