chossing your president is something very important and we need a way , a method to help us pick the right one. the electoral college is the best way of picking the right president and doing it right. if you pick your president by a popular vote it would only lead to a disaster. in our world we need a method like this one that will guide us to make the right desion and something as imporatant as our president, well we can just pick out of anything we have to do it wise and neat so the right choice is picked. it is clear that we need to bring the electoral college back. the electoral college is more like a process that is put in place to pick our president. it consist of the selection of the electors and then the electors vote for the president and vice president. on source number one  what is the electoral college it states that  the electoral college consists of  electors. a majority of  electorral vote is required to elect president. this process is very well put together and simple. you vote for the electors that then later on will be chossing your president.the president election is held every four on a tuesday after the first monday in november . and yes i know what some people might say that the want to choose who their president is but to be honets isnt better to have people like our electors to pick for us some one who really know about politics and about all of it. we all would be in better hands. many people would say that it is as if they dont have right that its unfair that someone is picking their future but its not true!!!.the people choose the electors you vote for which ever one you think will represent you best, you would vote for them. the second source that i used in researching this topic is called  in the defense of the electoral college. this article they give you five reasons to keep our method of choosing the president. that one that was best for me was that  everyoness president just beacuse at the end of the day whats important is choosing the right president for the job that the reason this method was created. i read the part where it say even if we do let the people vote , some people will end up feeling like their votes dont count simply cause they live in a small town with a very low population. exsactly how it says in the article ...a large state gets more attencion from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does. to conclude the electoral college method is the best way to make sure all the people are getting the president the diserve. as i said in the bigging is a good neat process that is well put together and that will help mamy people out. voting by population vote is not safe and its not for sure , you may think that if you vote for a president that he will win but your wrong there is a better change of him winning if the electors vote for him then you. i hope that when you are done reading this you will understand why the electoral college should come back and it should stay.