having driveless cars could be a bad thing for people. they can ruslut in some bad issuses. theyre not as good as regular cars because theyre not as safe, if you get in a reck the company might blame you for the accident and not the car, and finally the car would take the joy out of driving for people who love to drive. the driveless car isnt as safe as a regular car. the driveless car runs on sensors. as the text says, without the option of smarter roads, maunfactures turned to smarter cars but how much smarter did the cars need to be? for starters, they needed a whole lot of sensors. this is showing that the cars would need a lot more sensors which isnt safe at all. the sensors could malfunction and then when people go to drive, they put their lives in hands of these cars. they even say the car would have people take over sometimes, this means the hunan driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. people might start thinking they could do other things now that they wouldnt have to drive. they might read, text, watch videos, or maybe even just sleep. when the car needs the human to take over, the human might be distracted, and then they crash. the car wouldnt be safe. not one bit the companies value their proccess of their driveless cars and will pin the blame of the failure on someone else. if you got into a reck and the car was destroyed, who do you think theyre going to blame? if technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer? they will, of course, blame the car for sure but most of the blame would pinned on the driver for not being too alerate or not focused enough. people shoulnt have to worry about that kind of law suit on their hands, but most likely they will. finallly, some people have a passion for cars, they love building them, driving them and, just everything about them. if people start selling drivless cars, instead of the normal cars, they wouldnt be doing what they love anymore. their passion would be gone. the imformation from these sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on indivdual wheels and produce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. this is showing that the driver wouldnt have to do anything besides sit there and watch, how boring does that sound? people love to drive and for most cars is their passion, driveless cars would just take that right away. in conculsion, making a driveless car would just be a bad idea because it wouldnt be as safe, if they reck, itll be pinned on you, and it would be taking the fun out of driving away.