the face on mars is just another landform that was formed naturally. many landforms that occur on planets are formed naturally. the first pictures that were taken of the natural landform were very blurry due to the bad quality of the cameras  years ago. but in , the quality of the land form was better and it wasnt a face at all, but rather a natural landform. first, the face on mars was not created by aliens. the landform is  miles in length. to build something as massive as that and it be made from the same material of the planet itself is absurd. it wouldve taken a long time and the face would really look like a face. with the highest quality photo that was taken in , it is clearly seen that there is no face and it is just another natural land form with bumps on it. second, the face is just another naturally forming landform. it is a landform that is called a mesa because it is really steep. there are many mesas on earth and are naturally forming. because of their massive size, they cant be formed any other way. there are also many strange formations on earth but they couldnt have been created by aliens either because natural landforms are, for the most part, massive and cant be changed. third, movies, books, magazines, and newspapers that claim that the face was created by aliens are either fictional or dont have any proof. movies that are made about this landform and how it was made by aliens is fake becuase there is no scientific proof that it was made by aliens. the movies are usually fiction and are trying to make money off of a hot topic that most of the audience is interested in. books, magazines, and newspapers try to make the impossible sound real without any proof of there actually being aliens. making the possible sound real is just another marketing strategy for companies to sell their products to people that believe in whatever they are told. in conclusion, aliens did not make the mesa on mars. aliens are just used as an excuse for publishers and directors to get money off of people that believe in aliens. mesas are huge landmarks that are formed naturally, which is just what the supposed face is. if there were aliens that really wanted to create a face, they would created the face in musch more detail than just bumps along a mesa. also, an aliens face would be very unlikely to look just like a human face. in the end, people that say that the mesa is actually a face have no scientific and factual proof to back it up.