in this article,the challenge of exploring venus the author gives various reason on why scientists are so excited to explore and learn more about venus despite its many dangers. venus is sometimes called the evening star, because it is one of the brightest points of light in the sky at night. although it is called this, the name may be misleading, it is actually a planet. venus is referred to earths twin, because it is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size. the most intresting part is that venus was once the most earthlike planet in our solar system. this idea got scientists wondering if there could be forms of life on another planet. so, scientists in past years have sent multiple spacecrafts to land on venus unmanned due to the fact that no spacecraft has survived the landing for more than a few hours. although venus have similar features to earth such as valleys, mountains and craters, the planets surface temperature averages over  degrees fahrenheit. because the surface is so hot this stops scientists from being able to get samples of rock and gas, they can only watch from a distance at this point. nasa is determined to find out more about venus so they are working on different approaches to study it more in depth. so far they have made some simplified electronics made from silicon carbide and it have been tested in a chamber with the same temperture of venuss surface and it has lasted for three weeks in such conditions. in conclusion, scientists want to learn more about venus because they once thought there could be forms of life on this planet. they are also testing themselves to see if they can get a spacecraft to land on venus and withhold the extreme temperatures of the surface, so they can get samples. i think venus is worthy to pursuit despite the many dangers because it would be intresting to compare venus to earth in terms on if life could ever live there and just see how similar the two planets are despite venus having extreme hot surface temperature. our travels on earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubt but should be expanded to meet the very edged of imagination and innovation.