my view on self driving cars are mixd. they are on the fence. i dont trust the tecnolgie right now but i know in the futre they will be a lot more reliuble. now the computers are fast but not fast enough. the cars cant be matnecd by any old car shop and the car is not fast at all they are slow to slow. i think that smart cars or self driving cars are a good idea but wont ever work like they want them to. the first reson is the tecnolgie it is not good enough to do what we want it to do.they cant predict or know what another drivers are going to do. i dont think tecnolgie will ever be able to know we are going to do that will be like makeing a human brain and that is imposble and will be for a long time. the camras are not powerfull enough to see things coming at it or going towreds other things fast enough. another thing is that is covenc and money. if your car breaks down or gets damged you cant take it to any old car shop you havr to take it to the new one that can charge any thing becaus they are the only one around. it is just a huge pain. it will be really hard to get evreone to change to a new car they cat afored. last reson slef driving cars are not practical are the style how they look. they will look like crap. they will have a big camrea on the top and a bunch of sensers they wont come in evrey style of car there are. they will be to slow alsow they probley wont go past speed limint and if i need to go some where fast i need to drive a little bit faster. they are just not practical they are cool idea but not practiclal. the care is cool but not a realitie. it has ups but it has a few more downs yea it can drive you without you having to do anything and you can go non stop. i would not take the risk or the tecnolgie. it also cost to much to work on and to much to buy. also is way to slow for me. the car just has to many cons to over way the pros and i wont buy some thing that is more bad than good. how would other people like the car what i want to know what they think what do you think?