in the article, the challenge of exploring venus, the author tells about what scientists are doing and what they plan to do in order to gather more information about venus. they are intrigued because venus is very similar to earth in terms of size, density, and sometimes even distance. despite all of the similarities, venus is also very different and dangerous. from blazing temparatures to heavy atmospheric pressure, venus has many hazards to offer. of course, scientists want to find a way to travel to the planet and discover more about it. according to the article, venus is a worthy pursuit because it will occasionally come extremely close to earth, it has some earthlike features, and humans might eventually be able to go safely one day. one reason scientists want to explore venus is that the planet will occasionally be the closest to earth, even closer than mars. this is because mars and venus orbit the sun at different speeds the challenge of exploring venus. this shorter distance will make for quicker travel, and of course, cut costs. despite those benefits, not a single vessel has survived an expedition due to the unfavorable conditions. as technology advances, though, scientists may uncover a way to complete this task. another reason that scientists believe that exploring venus will be worthwhile is because of a fascination that they have with its surface. as research continues, there is more evidence that venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life the challenge of exploring venus. even today, venus has craters, mountains, and valleys, much like earth does. this passion for knowledge about the planet is driving astronomers and scientists to find ways to efficiently travel to the planet. as previously mentioned, scientists are looking for ways to safely travel to venus in order to research it further. one idea is to have a blimplike vehicle hovering  miles or so above the surface to avoid the hazardous conditions below the challenge of exploring venus. of course, the temperatures would still be uncomfortable, but all of the other conditions could support humans safely. an expedition like this would prevent scientists from gathering samples, though, so electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in venuslike conditions and survived up to three weeks the challenge of exploring venus. with more research and inventing like this being done, scientists might eventually find a way to the planet. as stated many times in the passage, venus is a very dangerous planet to be on. despite its dangers, though, there is much to explore on its surface. it would be a worthy pursuit because the planet will sometimes come closer to earth than mars will. this would cut space travel time and costs drastically, which would definitely save everybody in the end. venus also has features that are similar to earths. there is even evidence that it could have supported life in the past. from valleys, to mountains, the fascination about the land formations keeps scientists questioning. all of these factors are driving researchers to create inventions that will allow research to commence about the planet. ideas about a vehicle that will float above the hazardous conditions have been considered, and small electronic devices have been tested as well. with all of this determination and passion from the scientists, the conditions on venus will not be enough to stop them.