the author makes a very valid point that caught me and kept me to his or her side. he or she stated that using the facial action coding system facs in a classroom could help improve the enviroment in the class. weve all had those lessons in school where we werent quite getting it, or we had lost interest in the subject. the facs could help us with this along with many other things that could turn valuable. the facial action coding system works by using all of the  major muscles in the human face. it is programmed to understand how those muscles work and what it means when those muscles move. meaning, if i were to smile, the system would recognize that im happy and could continue on with the lesson. if i were to frown and look angry, the system would know that im unhappy and could find another route for me to learn the lesson. with this technology, students dont have to worry about the lessons that they struggle with. this technology allows the computer to know their emotions and base their learning off of how they feel. if i dont understand a math problem on the computer and i have a confused look on my face, the computer analyzes my look and knows that i need more help. the computer knowing that allows me to get more help and understand the topic. facs doesnt just have to be in a learning facility. it could be at your work, someday your home, and even used for security purposes. when we place facs in some sort of work place, like an office. an office can get a little tense and stressful. with the knowledge in facs, the computers used can realize that the user is under a lot of stress and might need a break. we could also use it for facial recognition in security cameras, laptops, desktops, even phones. and with the possibility of one day putting such technology in a home, its crazy! not only could you work on house work, but any other school work with facs! the possibilities are pretty endless with facs. the ideas go on and on with this type of technology, and i fully support this author and what he or she is trying to do.