technology seems to advance further and further everday. we see new softwares and devices coming out fairly often. although this technology is created, many people have opinions on how it will actually help in the long run. with the facial action coding system, i believe this software is going to help in many ways. it will make all kinds of positive change in the classroom and even in places of work. one positive change i believe it would make is to help children learn in the classroom. kids have a tendency to get bored in class while learning, and often stop paying attention. this is a bad habit that can easily be fixed with the facial action coding system. this software can detect change in emotion and help keep things interesting in the classroom. the author, nick dalto, states that, a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. this software is the perfect way to always have the attention of students. another reason i think this facial action coding system is extremely valuable in the classroom is because it works with children all over the world. i believe that is extremely important. children all over the world will be getting a higher education while having a better experiece, because their school time will be spent learning about things they enjoy, and not staring a screen with blank minds. dalto writes that, the facial expressions for each emotion are universal. so this software can be used anywhere and on anyone very efficiently. although this software has some great benefits, it also has a downfall. one problem with the facial action coding system is the price. im sure given the amount of detals and time put into it, it comes with a bit of a price tag. some schools may not be able to afford it. this is still a great product though, and it should still be available to the schools that can afford it. many schools would find this to be helpful, and most likely invest. eventually, as the software becomes more common, access to it will become easier and the price will not be a problem. while most technology has a few slight inconviences, this software only seems to have one. the facial action coding system seems to be extremely innovative. i hope to see this product in schools soon, available to children. the boredom and confusion of these children will no longer exist, which will make these kids all the more happier to go to school and continue their education.