driveless cars will change every aspect of how the world drives and functions the ordinary lifes of the human race as a whole will be flipped upside down. even though it has not yet been accomplished, it will make the world undesricbable. some might argue that that there are too many down sides to driveless cars, but in reality the positives out weigh the negatives. as of today, the public transport systems pollute the earth and cant go every place that is needed. along with that the it is an expensive feature of every day life. with the invention of the driveless car the amout of gas used will be cut in half as the article says the cars he foresees would uses half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. imagine a world that does worry about the effects of global warming, because that will be the a plausable world once driveless car come along. these cars also allow for transportation to all parts of the world that have roads. that would mean no more walking a mile to the nearest bus stop. the most worrisome problem that goes hand in hand with driving is wrecking. as the article says their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. if cars can drive for millions of miles without a crash, millions of lives would be saved each year. with the crash rate down, stress levels will go down and everyone can rest asured that they will be fine on the roads. also with driveless cars, kids will be safier while playing because the sensors on these cars can detect them fastier than the human eye. as a whole, the world wants to make life for everyone as carefree and easy as possible. driveless cars make that life more visible due to the relief of not having to drive. when someone gets off work the last thing they want to do is drive home with the driveless car nobody will have the stress of the ride home. driveless cars will drastically change the world. it will provide safety, as well as make the plant less polluted. nobody will have to find the nearest bus stop or make the drive home after work. the driveless car will make life carefree and overall more enjoyable.