lukes life changed after highschool, like anything is possible after you graduate. luke may be just a small town farmboy, but his future is pretty bright. luke worked two parttime jobs, so you can tell that he is hard working. then his friend don reist gave him the opportunity of a lifetime. to be a seagoing cowboy. the seagoing cowboy program is where people go around the world on a boat to help people and animals. after world warii, it was a great opportunity to go and help people and animals from other continents recover from this catastrophe. reasons to become a seagoing cowboy is, you get to help people and animals in need of assistance. helping people is a good thing to do and it makes you feel good and the people you help feel good too. you also get to explore all of the exotic, unique places around the world when you are traveling. those reasons are few of many. seagoing cowboys, to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. luke and don signed up. paragraph . luke and don felt a need to help and put their time and effort to help these people and animals. even though luke and don care for people and love animals, some people wouldnt take the opportunity. most people love animals and helping people, but some just dont like animals or they are too selfish to tak some time to go around the world and help other people with things that you already have and they dont. or people get seasick or are just too paranoid to go on a boat because they think it is going to sink. besides, the portion that has most people who would do something like luke and don, are people around us and we will always have those kind of people. to luke, his life changed after this wonderful experience. his adventures opened up the world for him. but being a seagoing cowboy was much more that an adventure for luke bomberger. it opened up the world to him. im grateful for the opportunity he says. it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. and that awresess stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. paragraph . that is what something like that can do to you. something great, like this opportunity, could open your eyes to see that you just helped someone in great need and that makes you feel amazing.