we live in a world where the only way to get from place to place is to use a car. if we were to limit the amount of car usage all around the world we would be living in a much better place. imagine how much pollution is going into the air as we use our cars, many people all around the world use their cars to get from their home to work or from work to home. all the polution that is going into the air is affecting us and the way we live our everyday lives. in the city of bogota columbia they have a car free day. this program is set to spread to other countries in the next few years. during the event of car free day millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work or to their home. this caused the streets of the capital city to devoid all the traffic jams that they normally would have with the cars on the road. you would think the turnout would be extremely small for this event but no it was definitely not a small turnout. the turnout was large, despite gray clouds that occasionally dumped rain showers on bogota. the rain hasnt stopped people from participating, said bogota mayor antanas mockus. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. imagine if the united states were to have a car free day not many people would actually come and be apart of the event due to the fact that having cars is one of the most important things to have living in the united states. in other countries or cities the people are worried about the air pollution that is going into our atmosphere. in the city of paris, officials feel the same way about the citizens of there city using there car way to much and polluting the atmosphere. after days of nearrecord pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. not many people agreed with this ban when it started. almost , drivers were fined, according to reauters. twenty seven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. except there are some advantages to this ban, congestion was down  percent in the capital of france. but the smog rivaled bejing, china, which is known as one of the most populated cities in the world. having rules or banning certain things like a partial driving ban could have a good turnout or a really bad turnout with the citizens of that particular country or city. however, some people may say that limiting car usage or banning certain things like driving wont help at all. they may state that banning something will make people rebel against it especially if its with their car, and if that is how they get from place to place. recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by.different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a longterm curtural shift, said mimi sheller, a sociology professor at drexel university. with all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason the resume the habit. poeple in the untied states have begun to decrease the use of cars in every state which means that everyday our atmosphere becomes less polluted. living in a world where cars are everyones number one priority is horrible. using a car is one of the main reasons why our earth is extremely polluted. limiting the amount of car use has its negative side and it also has its positive sides. could you imagine what it would be like to have a nonpolluted earth or living a better life by using bikes, skates or even just walking to places would be like. limiting car usage would be the best thing anyone could ever do to make the earth a better place. the earth is our home make it a better place by only doing one step, not using your car!