have you ever been in your car and thought i wish my car could drive by its self? well you must have a fairy godmother because your wish just came true. they have started to design driverless cars now, they are very efficient. they are a lot easier to drive as well. driverless cars make everyones life easier and they need to be manufactured. these driverless cars can actually limit your risk of having an accident. the cars have a sensor and they sense when an object is too close. the author shows this by those sensors had become moe advanced to detect and respond to the danger of outofcontrol skids or rollovers. this shows how these cars can better keep not just you but also your family safe. these cars also have auto brakes which can better prevent collisions. the author gives examples of this in  can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine. this shows how the car can prevent accidents from happening. on top of that these driverless cars are a lot easier to handle or control. on way they are easier is by being able to navigate through work zones by itself. the author shows this in this excerpt  they can steer... this shows that they can steer by themselves. another way is by going around accidents. the author states that the veichle will be able to go around a proplem it faces. if thats not enough to convince you its a good idea then they also make drivers more alert when theyre on the road. one way they do this is by quickly getting the drivers attention when there is an issue. another way it make driver more alert is by having driver seats that vibrate to alert the driver. the author shows this by gm has developed drivers seat that vibrate when the veichle is in danger of backing into an object. this shows that drivers will stay alert even if they are not driving. these cars are very useful in every day life. they help you have less accidents so less money you need to pay on your insurance. also, they are very easy to handle or function. driverless cars also make you as a driver more alert to prevent injury to you or your car. driverless cars can make everyones life easir and need to be manufactured.