what if your teacher could actually know exactly how you are feeling? i think the use of a new technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom would be very valuable, due to the fact that they could give a teacher more insight on how their students really feel, and even let a student know that they are not the only ones who might feel the way they do. finally, this technology could help modify lessons and increase student productivity. this technology could give teachers more insight on how their students really feel due to its extroardinary system. paragraph  talks about how the process begins, cause the big question here might be,  can you actually calculate emotions like math problems? or, how can a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel? the text states how the process includes constructing a d computer model of the face and how with the work of physhologists the emotions can be defined. if this system is as valauable as the text states it to be, then letting a teacher know how the students actually feel could be effecient to the the teacher, because they can try to comprehend the students and show their support to them as well. nowadays teachers seem to think that they are the only ones with problems which is not at all true. this technology could also be of value if it even lead to letting classmates know that they are not the only ones dealing with the emotions that they have, in fact many others could feel the exact way. sometimes students feel that they are dealing with emotions alone. this technology could change that. letting other students know of how a class mate is feeling could be very helpful. not obly that, but knowing or seeing that others are happy could bring a smile to your face. paragraph  states, the mona lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it just shows how much this computer can do. the capability of this technology just sounds like it can change lives. the classroom computer could also help to modify a lesson if a student is bored. the text states,  a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this could improve productivity. the facial action coding system could be very valuable in a classroom, due to such a great software it uses. this sytem could impact not only a classroom, but lives.