driverless cars will change the future. google cofounder, sergey brin, would agree. he believes such cars would fundamentally change the world. with such new and brilliant technology, drivers will be able to sit back and watch as the car drives them. some new cars have cameras and multiple different types of sensors. this gives drivers a full car body view of what is going on around the car. this technology will bring a new sense of safeness to passengers. in , google had already started inventing and testing a car that was able to drive independently under specific conditions. it has been said that this and other models of the car were able to drive over half a million miles without getting into a car accident. however, these cars are not yet completely driverfree. certain situations such as pulling in and out of a driveway, and dealing with complicated road traffic require human assistance. the toyota prius was modified by google, and on the car, sensors and cameras were implanted. the dubbed lidar uses laser beams to form a constantly updating d model of the cars surroundings. this allows drivers to get a  view of what is around them, and the feel of being more safe will be implemented. in , traffic jam assistant, produced by bmw, was able to withstand speeds of  mph and below, but required human touch on the steereing wheel. no cars have yet proved to be completely driverfree, however, development is still continuing. companies are hoping to bring in headsup displays, which allow the driver to be entertained, but still maintain their attention to the road. this also keeps drivers from looking down to send a text message and taking their attention away from the road. driving laws will have to be modified if driverless cars do follow through with production. lawmakers, however, believe that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. safety is not always achieved with a human behind the wheel. the use of drugs, alcohol, or even tiredness pose a threat to other vehicles. if safety were to be achieved with a human, all humans must be alert, awake, and sober. traffic laws are currently being written with the idea that humans are behind the wheel, and are in control. if driverless cars were to come into play, the person at fault would have to determined if an accident were to occur. it would either be the manufacturer or the person in the car. in conclusion, driverless cars will presumably result in less deaths and injuries because accidents would predictably occur less often. the use of all the new technology being developed will help not only the driver, or passenger in a sense, but also everyone around them. technology cannot drink, smoke, or get tired, so these new cars should be pretty reliable.