the author supported claims on why venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, by saying there is a great chance that venus was like earth long ago like lightyears back. the author also supports his claim by saying there are ways nasa and other astronomers are creating reovolutionary ideas of a compatible vehicle that will allow humans to go to venus. the author even stated that  more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance, which could means when we every get close to get sample could be a incredible achivement. the author support on studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, is by claiming venus could possibly have been like earth with oceans. the passage states that venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth.the passage also states that venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth.knowing these details it can provide a reason why we should go to venus to learn about if there was forms of life or bodies of water long ago. another claim the author made to support why studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, is by saying that nasa and other astronomers are creating reovolutionary ideas of a compatible vehicle that will allow humans to go to venus. the of author states in the passage saying imagine a blimplike vehicle hovering  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape.the author also states that solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels.this proves that there are ways that nasa and other astronomers are creating reovolutionary ideas of a compatible vehicle that will allow humans to go to venus. the last part of the author passage that i will go over is the best support believe on why studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, is to get samples and materials. my deduction is there are undiscovered materials or substances in venus that are not on earth and can be useful sources in fhe future. the author states researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance.this can prove that there can still be undiscovered materials or sunstances we do not know about. in conclusion, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, is because there is a great chance that venus was like earth long ago like lightyears back. another claim the author made was stating there are ways nasa and other astronomers are creating reovolutionary ideas of a compatible vehicle that will allow humans to go to venus. last claim was my favorite which was the chance of undiscovered materials or substances in venus.