facial action systems in classrooms using facial action coding for students in a classroom is valuble. this is becuase it can be used to help better teach students. its especially valuble becuase the software can modify lesson plans, as well as be used in simmulatons, and the software can be easily implemented in classrooms. this technology would also boost productivity in students. using facial recognition would be important because it can be used to modify lesson plans, based on the emotions detected. in other words if a student is bored or confused, the software can detect it and can make the lesson more attention grabbing, or use a different teaching method. an example of this was mentioned in the article when dr. huang said, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. dalto, . this is important becuase it gives direct evidence of the plans for this technology, and a method it could be used effectivly on students. the technology can be used in learning simulations. this is valuble becuase more human communication is non verbal. dr. huang notes, most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication...so computers need to understand that, too dalto, . in using this technology we can create more human like and responsive simulations, that can be implemented in classrooms. this could help create more life like surgery simulations or anything envolving human interaction or communication. some might argue that the technology would be difficult to implement, but despite popular belief it is relativly easy to implement. despite most technology not being able to decode somewhat incripted messages in famous works of art such as the mona lisa it can still be used to encode different emotions. nick dalto writes, we can still write down some simple instructions that encode different emotions. page, . this quote shows that its not difficult for a larger span of people to begin using this technology, and our schools education could be significantly changed at a relativly low expense. to conclude facial action coding technology is valuble to classrooms. not only can it be used to modify lesson plans, and improve simulations, despite common belief it can also be easily implemented. overall it can be used to amplify productivity though easily implementing this facial action coding system.