imagine being able to know the exact emotions people are expressing through the use of technology. all over the world teachers wonder what is going through the minds of their students, and are often unsure. however, technology from the beckham institute for advanced science at the univerity of illinois, is being designed that can detect and determine facial expressions, giving teachers and students an advantge in the classroom.the use of facial action coding system is valuable because it helps students stay engaged, and understand the material, while also helping teachers to run the classroom more effectivly. the use of the facs in classroom helps students who are confused about their course work. the system can help with this, a classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts.the system can then change the method being applied, to one the student will understand. the system will remember which method helped the student more and use the same method in the future. this helps the student to learn in the way that make the most sense to them. another advantage of facs is it helps student to continue to be engaged. facs can detect when a student is bored and modify the acitvity so the student is once again engaged. facs can detect certain emotions and bored is one of the emotions. certain facials muscles move when a sutdent is bored with the activtity assigned, the system recongizes these movements and, according to dr. huang, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. this helps the student to continue with the coursework, and stay engaged. a value aspect of facs, it is can help teacher run classrooms more effectivly. many classrooms are overcroweded, but teachers feel the pressure of giving each student personal attention. however many can not due to disengaged student who distrupt class. with the facs system helping to resolve this number of students, teachers will once again be able to help student individually, enabling them to be more effective, and put their efforts where it is most valuable. using the facial actions coding system is beneficial in many areas, but is especially valuable in a classroom setting. facs can detect six basic emotions, and modify assignment to keep student engaged, and help with confusion. with this technology from the beckham institute for advanced science at the univerity of illinois, teacher will have a better idea of what students are thinking and more able to help them more effectivly, giving individual attention to students who need it, as well as lower the number of class interuptions from disengaged students.