i dont think driverless cars should ever be used in the future. i just dont think theyre necessary. i think things should stay the way they are, there would be many problems with a driverless car, and would people be able to even afford them? yes, driverless cars sound really amazing, but i think the cars we have today will be just fine. with normal cars, there are many crashes. i feel like with driverless cars there would be a problem if somebody gets in a crash, because then they will blame their car and they would be able to get away with something that was actually their fault. maybe it would be difficult for cops to figure out who did the crash since its a driverless car and many technical difficulties could happen. the article even says that if theres an accident, whos fault will it be? the driver or the manufacturer? with a normal car, it would be obvious who crashed the car and why. the cops wont have as much trouble finding out who crashed. i just dont think driverless cars are necessary at all. we should just keep the normal cars that we have today. a lot of technical difficulties happen everyday with computers, phones, laptops, and a lot of other technology. since it says in the article that the cars would be computerdriven, i feel like a lot of technical difficulties will happen. the car wont always be perfect and not have problems. what if a technical difficulty happens and the car runs over a pedestrian and kills the person? it could happen with a lot of these driverless cars and maybe the person in the car could become traumitized from seeing the dead pedestrian or become depressed from feeling like its hisher fault. also, maybe the car can kill the people inside of it by accidentally running into a tree, a river or lake, a building, and many other things that could seriously injure or kill the people inside of the car. many technical difficulties could happen, which would make driverless cars not be used anymore. if we dont use them in the future, maybe many lives could be saved. i dont think the driverless car willl be perfect, technical difficulties could definitely happen. if driverless cars do ever happen, i feel like they would be really expensive. not many people would be able to afford them. since a lot of people wouldnt be able to afford them, i dont think many would be bought. so might as well not sell them. also, i feel like if something from the car breaks on accident in a crash or something, it would be very expensive to replace the broken parts. i think people should just save theyre money for something else and not buy these cars. they would be way too expensive. i dont think driverless cars should be used in the future. things should just stay the way they are, there would be many problems with a driverless car, and people wouldnt be able to afford them.