in todays world we have trains, city buses, charter buses, bicycles, and ferry boats. with all of these available transportation services there is no need to own or use a personal car. without personal cars you would be saving money, saving our ecosystem, and decreasing traffic congestion. to begin, by limiting the usage of personal cars you are allowing yourself to save a tramendous amount of money. with most average cars you fill the gas on it almost twice a week which could cost upwards to  dollars a week. that is just about , dollars a year just on gas! you also have to worry about servicing your car every once and a while, which you also pay for. this isnt even including the down payments you put on the car or monthly payments. when most cities offer a bus pass for about twentyfive dollars a month top ride it as much as you want within the time that it is valid. for these reasons alone there is just no benefits to owning or using a personal car. by eliminating the usage of personal cars you will be saving our ecosystem. according to source  passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to  percent in some carintensive areas in the united states. in certain parts of the united states gas emissions from personal cars make up half of all the polution going into the green house effect. if you just take a city bus or train you are not only saving the worlds atmosphere but you are also saving you pockets. finally, if you are someone that gets up and early and drives to work and hits morning rush hour that is because you all have somewhere to be. so instead of having one person in each car why not save time and reduce traffic by taking a bus that holds upwardas to thirty people. also with less cars on the road the less chances you have to getting in an accident. by reducing personal car usage you will be getting to work on time and saving yourself from potential harm. to conclude, without the usage of personal cars you will be saving money, the ecosystem, and reducing traffic congestion.