was there a man on mars? magazines say yes, but the scientists have continuously said no. on may , , nasas ship, viking , found something on mars that had the facial features of a human. scientists have proven that the piece of rock thought to resemble a human face is no more than just a natural landform through unusual shadows, facts that have been talked about with many scientists, and images taken that agreed with the facts. first of all, nasa stated that they thought this landform was just another mesa found on mars. the difference was that this strange, possible mesa obtained humanly facial features. later, the fact the that the facial features on the mesa were due solely to unusual shadows, which gave the untrue image look like eyes, nose, and a mouth. next, the fact that the mesa is only a natural landform, not a face has been confirmed with countless scientists. on april , , everyone was waiting to see what decision would be released about the mesa. was it once a face of a person or just another landform on mars? it appeared on the jpl website that there was no alien monument it was just a nautral landform. scientists have confirmed this. the only reason that it is even questioned is because people wanted to have been able to say that there was a face on mars, even if it was proven otherwise. there is much more publicity for authors especially to say that there was a face on mars. unfortunately, scientists know the most in this situation, not authors. lastly, scientists took pictures to prove their evidence. in september , global surveyor took a photograph of the landform that was ten times better quality than the original viking picture of the face. people who are not scientists still disagreed, so nasa and other scientists continued to take images. by the time it was , the mesa did not look like a face anymore. the picture shows that it is clearly just a mesa. in conclusion, people would be crazy to try to attempt to disagree with the scientists because of how many facts they have to prove their hypotheses. first, they explained why the mesa only looked like a face because of the illusinating shadows. then, they confirmed it with other scientists. and lastly, the scientists took many photographs of the mesa that finally proved their point. scientists proved their point by explaining unusual shadows, confirming information with additional scientists, and taking countless photographs of the mesa.