the development of driverless cars has been going on quite some time now. i think that since they have already wasted all this time and money trying to build a self driven they should keep on working and trying to build a car that is completely  self driven. there are many positive aspects of having a self driven car, but there are also some negative aspects. one of the positive aspects of having a self driven car is you would no longer have to suffer trying to stay awake on long car trips. you could just set the destination for your car climb in the backseat and take a long nap until you reach your destination. or you could watch a movie until you get there. another positive aspect is you would be able to text while the car is driving. you would be able to do that because the car is driving itself so you dont have to have your eyes on the road the entire trip. one of the most positive aspects of a self driven car is there would most likely be a large decline in car accidents. if theres a decline in car accidents that would also mean there would be a decline in deaths because of car crashes. now for the negative aspects. one of the negative aspects of a self driven car is there would have to be a ton of law changes. the laws would need to change because like the passage said traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. because of that most states dont allow self driven cars to even be tested. that is one law that would need changed because if you continue to develop the car and its still illegal to drive then you have just wasted a lot of time and money to make a car you cant drive. another negative aspect is someone driving a self driven car and they get in an accident and someone gets hurt, who should be at fault, the driver or the person who made the vehicle? another negative aspect is that the car still isnt  self driven. the human in the vehicle still has to take control sometimes to navigate through certain situations. like i said in the beginning there are both positive and negative aspects of a self driven car. i think they should continue to develop the car because it could be very useful in the future. with that being said i dont think i would ever want to own one because i like to be in control of my vehicle, but i would like to test one out someday.