i think people should join the seagoing cowboys. you get to do so many amazing things. i have a lot of fun doing it myself and i think everyone else can too! i have had great new adventures in this program. i think people should join the seagoing cowboys because it helps out others including animals, you get to go new places with new people, and because it is a great opportunity. my first reason on why people should join the seagoing cowboys is because it can help out people in need.unrra hired seagoing cowboys to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. that is one example that the program lets us help, not only just the people but also the animals too. i also found they got their seamans papers and boarded the ss charles w. wooster, headed for greece with a cargo of  horses plus enough hay and oats to feed them. that is one reason why people should join this program. another reason people should join this program is because you get to go new places in the world, for example i went to greece! besides helping people, i had the side benefit of seeing europe and china. also another piece of evidence is so was taking a gondola ride in venice, italy a city with streets of water. this is another example of why new people should join the seagoing cowboys. an example is because it is a great opportunity for people. you get to do so many new things with new people.  but being a seagoing cowboy was much more than an adventure for luke bomberger. being a seagoing cowboy is an eye opening experience for me. i also found in the text is states it opened the world to him. im grateful for the opportunity, he says. this program is a great experience and adventure. i know i couldnt pass down the opportunity once it was handed to me. the article says luke couldnt say no. he knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime. these are just a couple reasons why i think people should join the seagoing cowboys. it can help others and animals. it is a great time you will have with people and with all the new places you can see and explore. i had fun with this program and i think a lot of otherr people can too. so once again this is why i think people should join the seagoing cowboys.