the author truly believes that studying venus is well worth the risks. comparing venus to earth and stating what venus once was helps convey their thinking. the author is informing that studying venus is a challenge for humans, the knowledge of its earthlike features, and would help in the development of furture earth exploration. the author believes that if scientists could successfully study venus then mankind could make exploring the rest of our world easier. in paragraph ,  on the planets surface, tempeatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. if science can find a way to survive this that will increase how much further we can dig down in the earth. in paragraph ,... the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. the ability for a machine to stay intact in this condition would result in the capability of exploring the bottom of the ocean. the author also conveys that learning about venus earthlike features could give man a better estimate of how venus change came about. in paragraph ,long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported carious forms of life, just like earth. having this knowledge supplies scientists with knowing what lived on venus or what happened to the life. in paragraph , more imortantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. the fact that researchers cant easily take materials from the planet shows that if we can collect things from this dangerous planet we can do to the rest of the planets. finally, studying our twin planet would be one of the greatest challenges for mankind. in paragraph ,the value of returning to venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive? there are risks with going back to venus, but the chance of information widely outweighs the risks. in paragraph ,striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally imtimidating endeavors. the task of studying a very dangerous planet could lead to itch of science to do even greater tougher tasks. the author strongly supports the idea that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. the author gave evidence to support that studying the present venus could help understand past venus and furture earth. the evidence also strengthens that overcoming this challenge will aid further exploration of earth and space.