luke bomberger wanted his dream to become a slaier around the world he didnt know what happened when his friend don reist invited him to go to europe on a cattle boat, couldnt say no, i ague that you guys will love to on the trip its looks fun, but its even more fun once you see around the world but of couse we arnt going all around the world, but you still see some pretty great stuff. ok i ague that that if some of you say oh this is just lame your all rong there you will have a really big cook out on the boat and somthing of are treat that we will give to you once your on but dont gust eat right away that will take all the fun out of it. you will see our fliers on a chamercila at your house i really think that you should sign up for the cruzz. this cruzz is for someone that really needs a brake from your home or just want to get out. all of you people that live out there you be blown away of how good this trip is and how beautifull it really is on the ocean. i was pritty happy once i got to go on this trip it was amazing the beds were so soft and fluffy. i think all of you people out there will love this cruzz so much your head will spin around and around how awsome this trip is to you and me because i was really blown away when they asked me to go on this trip. this might be like a scame to all of you after world war  just happened, buit its not. you can see europe and china if you have never seen that place if it stinkes a little that might be the animals that just got deliverd of some where, we will try our best to make it smell really nice for you all cause i dont think that any of you want to smell poop and other things simular to that smell. we have really good bathrooms so you can clean youself right up if you fell icky we just got a new bath tube and other shower parts to go with it so you want grossed out. also we got some new beds for larger familyes and we have smaller for not as big as familyes as the other ones. we got new beds littler and bigger beds more space a supplies of food and water, rot beer, beer, and milk to drink we ahve homemade rot beer to. yes so that is if you want to come down and take a trip and come on down we be wating for you.