many countries are wanting or deciding to reduce car usage due to the pollution of gasoline and diesel engines and the space and population. these countries believe that these machines are harmful to their country and their enviroment. how they choose to reduce the use of cars is by banning or making it a holiday to use other needs of transportation and not use these harmful vehicles or maybe result in hybrids. residents of vauban,germany have many people giving up the use of their vehicles because of the community.  percent of vaubans families do not own cars, and  percent sold a car to move here they believe they do not need vehicles to travel and harm the envirment. when i had a car i was always tense,im much happier this way, said heidran walter, as she walks to get to her destination enjoying the unpolluted air and the screming of children.automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middleclas families from chicago to shanghai tend to make their homes. since the countries have gotten or are getting worse many cities try to make it better for walking and are still trying just like many of the suburbs. other than thise country many more have actually passed or started a law for driving such as paris. due to the pollution of the enviroment in paris they have enforced a law to partially ban driving. paris has enviromental issues to the use gasolines and diesel vehicles, these vehicles polluted the air with smog. cold nights and warm days caused to the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. paris had alot of enviromental problems with smog any other european capitals, it was proven that paris had  micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with  in brussels and . in london, reuters found. paris will always do this due to the pollution in the enviroment of gasoline or diesel powered vehicles. this issue i agree is poroblem to the enviroment so i like the way they dealt with gasoline and diesel powered vehicles and we should use more hybrid vehicles to help our expenses and our enviroment.