the electoral college is a great wide spread idea that we should keep using for generations to come. using this method to choose a president is highly sohphisicated and orginized, which helps important desitions. also following the fact that the founding fathers established this as a compromise between both sides of the arguement. not only does this presidential election choose just some president, but a president that you would agree with hisher terms. every vote counts, in this matter. your vote helps the chooseing of not only the president but the vice president, whom also has a important role in the electoral college. this election is held every four years on the tuesday after the first monday during november. on that day you would vote for the states electors, which helps this certain process of chooseing a president. after the presidential election, the govener will prepare a certificate called certificate of ascertainment listing all canidates that ran for president and respective electors. the certificate also has other important duties such as, declaring the winning presidential canidates. they will then be sent to the congress and the national archives, which is where the offical records of the presidential election is held. not every person agrees with these terms of an electoral college, but they are not wrong. voters can not always control who they are electing for, voters would become confused in the longterm process, and seeming to be confused could jackup the canidate your voteing for. there could also be the problem of accidently sending two slates of electors to the congress, but luckly last time that happened in , the problem was resolved before chaos was released. lastly the elecotoral college can be unfair to a majority of voters. although it may seem bad, it could be the hypocrites saying few lies that traveled fast around. another five reasons that help justify the electoral college are certainty of outcome, everyones president, swing states, big states, and finally avoding runoff elections. having certainty exceeds share of popular votes. to have a president that a majority of people can agree on helps the risk of disagreeement. swing states are more likely to have thoughtful voters. big states helps restore balance in political issuses. most importantly elctoral colleges helps avoid unknown problems of elections. for these resons we should keep the elctoral college stable as it is for future purposes. it will help the united states stay on track with political issuses and other nessesities.