we should not use this technology in the classroom ,it is not a valuable.human expression is just not determined through the face. also, this takes the jobs of teachers and lessens the teacherstudent relationship.in addition, not all students react the same, when not being able to comprehehnd a problem. the technology of a computer determining emotions i find fault in. humans express their feelings through many ways, but here at merrillville highschool i often see girls laughing and smiling,but their leg is shaking, which means somethig is wrong. in paragraph , it says, eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise,anger,disgust,fear, and sadness. how can you based that on mona lisa, when you cant prove that she was like that. this ineffective computer program use muscles in your face to determine someones feelings , when ofter cases people can be nonchalant about something and really the feel something else. yet alone, this also takes another teachers job, which ruins alot of lives. teachers are essential to the classroom and when a student dont understand a problem they dont expect a computer to understand.theres more to a student , maybe its not the problem they dont understand. they may be thinking of something else they dont understand and the computer notice that and change something they already was working on which confuses them even more.the teachers would notice that because they are human and they would know and seen that student recent behavior changes. students have different reactions to various situations. students have different aspects and different way of seeing things. when some students they sit there and show they dont get it.on the other hand, students may act out in order to get some attention or just wont try at all. study of human emotions cant be just determined through face muscle. the face coding program i found an abundant amount of flaws in, it will not be valued in the classrooms.humans are complex creatures and express emotions other than just through their face.futhermore , this threatens human teachers position at work.a humans emotions cant just be decided or determined through facial expressions theres more to it than that.