self driving cars are a hazard to society.by passing a law that would allow us to drive without using our hands give drivers a reason to be lazy and text while the car is moving on its own. i believe that texting and driving is the worst issue even by itself but now you have teenagers driving and texting in a car that fully operates on its own. in paragraph  it states that  they can steer accelerate and brake themselves but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. but what if the driver isnt alert? the driver could be sleeping, texting, looking for something in the car or simply zoned out. there could be an accident or a death a lawsuit will be filed and the creaters of that contraption will have to pay large amounts of money. in selfdriving cars they always have something wrong with them. usually its a bug which means that the technology either fails or there is something wrong with the car. in my opinion i like the way driving is now and now that they have self driving cars there are many ways that they could go wrong. you could possibly have a child in the passenger seat of the car that is curious and wants to know how the car works and by the time that you realize your car is gone its too late. you could have a burgular sneak into your car and hijack your car. in paragraph  it states  the most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning laser on the roof that updates the cars surroundings. how can that be the most important thing on a self driving car and you dont even have a camera available so that the owner can see what is going inside the car who is inside the car and what they are doing in the car. i think that now all companys want to do is steal your money and now that they have cars that selfdrive people become excited and curious and they want to know how the car works and its not worth getting injured or possibly dying for. but now that you have self driving cars companys will make millions and millions of dollars off of them and with that money they will possibly make more and more and then stop once they realize that an innocent person was possibly hit by a self driving car or killed in a self driving car. they claim that they always think about a persons safety when all they talk about is the new upgrades and how well the car can drive. which in that case proves that selfdriving cars are indeed dangerous and should be watched in close caution.