nothing like chilling in an  degree oven and having pressure thats  times greater than that on earth while studying a planet. thats what it would be like to study venus on its surface. but scientists want to some how find a way to study it, safely. there are three big things that the author writes about in this article that may be a safe alternative or possobility to study venus like floating above the atmosphere of venus, using simplified electronics made of silicon carbide, or using something called mechanical computers. first things first the author talks about hovering above venuss atmosphere to avoid all of the most of the dangers. high heat, crazy high pressure levels, ect. the author of the article says,  just as our jet airplances travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid all the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. this is a safe alternative to landing on the surface because it takes away the problems that they have been having all together. but the problem he has with this is that the only things they can do to study it is observe they cant take samples of rock, gasses, or anything else. but it will get them a basic view of the planet nothing much more. another thing that the author stated may work is using simplified electronics made of silicon carbide. this will help because because of the type of material. the author states within the article,  some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venuss surface and have lasted for three weeks. this is why it could help because it lasted three weeks where regular things couldnt even last  hours on venus without getting comepletly abliterated. so if they where made out of the silicon carbide they would be able to get it on venus get samples of gasses, rock, and anything else they could find then get out of there before it gets destroyed hopefully. the last thing that the author talked about that could work is using old technology called mechanical computers. the devises where envisioned in the  and helped out in world war ii. but the author says,  the thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. this would help because of the fact they could get it on venus and not have to worry about the electrical boards of the vehicle frying. because there will be no electric envoleved in the process. if they made it out of a heavy duty metal or maybe even silicon carbide it may allow it to work on venus and get samples of gasses, rock, and anything else on the surface of venus. the three big things that may allow the exploration of venus to be a possability are floating above the atmosphere of venus, using simplified electronics made of silicon carbide, or using something called mechanical computers. these ideas could help visually see the planet close up, get on the planet safely, and move around the planet and get samples of evidence. this would help out nasa in the great race of space with all the things that they could discover from the planet of venus. so while we are sitting here on earth one day there may be a man in a comepletly different situation of being in extreme heat and pressure. but all in all the author supports his idea and gives a few good options on how nasa could safely and efficiently get up to venus and explore it.