venus, the planet right next to us, but the planet that can never be settled on. throughout the article the challenge of exlporing venus the author expresses the dangers and reasons why humans on earth have not been able to explore our neighboring planet. with that fact, the author still advocates for studying venus and sites evidence for why this is needed. overall, the author supports the study of the planet venus because its studies could inrich new knowledge about it to earth. he supports this idea by stating venus is similar to earth, the study of venis may allow fetaure pathways to increase its study, and items learned form the experiment could lead to human settlement on the planet. the authors claim of studying venis could inrich new knowledge to earth is supported through the two planets being so similar to each other. this is so because according to the author the two planets at one time shared similar charcterisics the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountins and craters. the challenge of exploring venus, paragrpah  this evidence is relevent to the claim because the author proved that venis and earth are alike. just like venis, earth has valleys, mountins and craters. the authors goal is to use this information to better know what this planet is, why its important, gaining better human knowledge about the panet. futhermore the study of venis is useful according to the author is because the planet could help nasa and other space comapnies in discovering the rest of outerspace. the author belives in if comapnies like nasa study space it would lead to better ways of getting more knowledge about the planet,  many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribue meaningfully to our knowledge of venus. the challenge of exploring venus, paragraph . this is meaningful information because it supports inovation in space and what the author invesions of the future. the authors claim is support venis can be a steepingstone into humans futher knowledge of space. this suports inriching new knowledge to earth finally the authors call for the study of venus could inrich knowledge to earth because there is a chance that humans could settle on the planet. this can be said because the explorations of venus could be survivable for humans, solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed earth levels. not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. the challenge of exploring venis, paragraph  this information that the author gives is motivation for humans to discover the planet venus because humans in the future could settle on the planet. this would support the claim because in the future if earth continues to have issues with climate change and globle warming there might be exploration to other planets. having more knowledge about venus could gives humans a chance in the distant future to inhabit a new planet. overall the author suppirts inhabbiting venus because he or she belives that humans on earth can benufit from it. the author sites in the article that the earth and venis are similar planets, increases in techonolgy could go along with the exploration and the study could give humans in the distant future to inhabbit venus. so the aiuthor looks upright.