would you go to a planet just to see how it works? many people may say no but some will say yes. venus is a very interesting planet with many extreme cirmustances. venus is the second closest planet to the sun but yet hotter than the first closest planet which mercury is the closest to the sun. it would be a great idea to study venus beaus eof these reasons and more. staring off, the people studying venus must know of the dangers of the planet itself. the passage says, on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater that what we experience on our own planet. this explains just two of the hazards venus brings to the table. another thing is the carbon dioxide blants  of the planet. this means that only  can be oxygen but most likely the percentage is a lot less. although the hazards are high, the ways to overcome it are greater. nasa as possible plan to the hostile conditions of venus surface. they are planning to make a blimp like vehicle that hovers  or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. this will keep the men and weoan studying high and dry meaning they will be out of the hazardess elements but close enought to learn what they need. the conditions are survivable but not all that luxurious. temperatures would be around  degrees fahrenheit and the pressure would be the same as earths sea level. furthermore explaining their equipment, they are working on many things like improving mechanical computers electronics made of silicon carbide. using the mechanical computer aproach, the equipment will be more durable than a regular computer or laptop or phone. the simplified elctronics have been tested in simulating chamber set to be like the extremeness of venus and have lasted up to three weeks. using simulators will make the conditions less foreign and give a understanding of what the people will endure on the study. in conclusion, there are many reasons why it is safe to go to venus and learn. these are just a few examples. nasa is working on more thing to keep these explorers safe. venus does have a harsh climate and hazardess conditons but the reward will outweight the risks anyday. many things will be made to help with the safety of the exploration so i ask you this would you be up for the tasks given the still present risks?