in the old world, people didnt have cars, they did everything on foot. they got food, ran erronds, and just to get out of the house with the family. so how come now adays people are so dependent on their cars. places around the world are implimenting rules or laws now to stop people from abusing the car. since the car was invented it has always had the same issue, not the engine or the interior, but the environmental issue. and now that people around the world are realizing that, they have created rules and laws to ban or reduce the usage of cars. a community in germany called vauban have given up their cars to help the environment, and people love it. when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way, said heidrun walter, a mother of two. paris the love city in france has banned cars because of the high amount of smog it creates. after the law was placed, only after five days, congestion was down  percent. paris has the most smog compared to any other european captials, they had to do this or the smog would take over the city. and since the ban has been posted, smog has been clearing and is now much more limited in the area. major cities like new york were built in a narrow way, so its more congested when too many people are driving, and the buildings are much closer together so its more convinent to walk or bike to places rather than drive. new york has implimented a new bikesharing program, and it is a hit. and around the nation a similar program is the carsharing program. it encourages people about car pulling, it is when multiple people go to work or school in the same car, it puts less cars on the road and has plentiful benifits. like less carbon dioxide in the air, less traffic, and saves on gas money. bill ford, an exeuctive chairman of the ford motor company, pitched a plan to live in a world that owning a personal car was impractical. he proposed to partnering with telecommunications industy to make a city or many where the pedestions, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emission and improve safety. banning cars around the world isnt a solution because they are more convinent than taking a train or walking, but their needs to be a cut down on the amount we use a car, we abuse it. eventually all the greenhouse gases might end up destroying the planet we live on. but their are solutions, implementing a world day were we dont use cars would help tremendusly, their are other means of getting around other than car. for example biking is a great form of excersice and will get you to were you need to be faster than walking, while getting in shape at the same time.