their are many reasons to join the seagoing program. you get to travel the world and see many sights and go to places youv never been. you would travel the ocean to other countries and see diffrent styles of life. you would get to see ans those are some of the many types of places you would get to go. you would get to see the whole world the good part of the world and the bad part of the world. lukes claim states that it was an oportunity to be a sea going cowboy and great to be able to go to places like eourpe, china, new orleans, luke got to vist greece and venice italy these are some of the things you get to do by becoming a seagoing cowboy. luke i quate said but seeing the acropolis in greece was special, being a seagoing cowboy has its ups and ans those are some of the many types of places you would get to go. you would get to see the whole world the good part of the world and the bad part of the world. some off the bad part off the trip is that luke almost fell off the boat in to the deep dark ocean. luke had the longest year than any seagoing cowboy. he traveled for  years dilivering animal across the world. he saw many sight in his travels like the acropolis in greece. he whent all over the world saw many thing good and bad. luke had lots off fun on his trips around the world, he did good thing for good people and their countrys. luke was a good seagoing cowboy he was a seagoing cow boy for nine years. that is the longest years in seagoing cowboy history. he literarley made history. he was a great seagoing cowboy and he tried as hard a he could and did his job to perfection. if his friend didnt tell him him about the seagoing cowboy he would off never helped out his country and all the other countrys he helped out. well i guess this is the end about our good friend luke.luke was the best seagoing cowboy there could ever be. he risked his life to help the other countrys after the war. he dileverd them cows and other animals so they could get food. he was a great seagoing cowboy luke was not that old whe n he was discharged in . in conclousion luke helped many people during his years as a seagoing cowboy