the electoral college system is not something american citezens should experiance. theis system of voting has many flaws, even some of the top political leaders such as rixhard nixon or jimmy carter agree. i beleive that we should get rid of the electoral college system and change it to election by popular vote for president for these reasons, it is unfair to voters and the electoral college has a big disaster factor. the electoral college system is very unfiar towards voters. under this system voters arent even voting for president, rather they are voting for a slate of electors who vote for the president. inst that the whole point of voting for president that you actually vote for president? well under this system it is impossible. in source  it gives the example, if you lived in texas, for instance, and you wanted to vote for john kerry, youd vote for a slate of  democratic electors pledged to kerry. on the offchance that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to congress and kerry would get  electoral votes. as show in this statement when voters want to vote for president they dont actually vote for president, in turn they vote for electoral votes. this defeats the whole purpose of americans voting for their president. this goes against the american ideal that american is a democracy in which people vote for their leaders. another reason why this system is unfair to voters is because of its winnertakeall system in each state. according to source  , candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states. during the  capmpaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, this in turn is unfair to those people in the states where candidates didnt visit. as mentioned in source  most states have a winnertakeall system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. this statement is not at all fair. it is saying that the electors of the winning candidates team are rewarded while the other electors on the other side are not. how is this in any way fair towards the oposing teams electors? all of this is caused by the winnertakeall system caused by electoral college, which again is unfair to many american citizens. another reason why we should get rid of the electoral college system is because of its disaster factor. americans should considers themselves lucky due to the whole  election crisis which was the biggest in a century. this system allows for much worse to happen during these elections. getting rid of it is one of the only ways to solve that problem. this system causes many problems, for example source  states back in , segregationists in the louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors who would oppose john f. kennedy. so that a popular vote for kennedy would not have actually gone to kennedy. p this shows that this system has caused many mishaps in the past that could occur again. the american people should not be subject to these disasters. another disaster factor that goes along with the electoral college system is that some electors have not voted for their own party, causing a disturbance in the voting. source  states in the same vein, faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please... in no way shape or form is this fair towards the candidates partys. this infidelity can sway the predicted outcome of the election. resulting in a surprise for many of americas citizens when they see the voting results. this electoral college system can cause many different problems resulting in disasters. a few have already happened in the past, as mentioned, and america shouldnt have to endure another one. this is why we should eliminate the electoral college system and change to election by popular vote for president. all and all, the electoral college is unfiar and disasterous. it causes many issues with the voting for president in america. many americans believe that is system is definatly not working. this is why we need to change to election by popular vote. famous politition bob dole one stated, abolish the electoral college! and he seems to be right.