i have been serving as a seagoing cowboy for a great amount of time and i think you should think of being one was well. there are many reasons to be one, you get to help countries recover animals and supplies, you get to see different countries and their most interesting places, and you get to have fun on the trips too. one of my first reasons is that you get to help countries recover animals and supplies and help their people. it was an extremely great honor to help the countries that were affected by world war ii. it also opened up the world to me, it made me more aware of other countries and their needs. if you join then you would feel like a better person because you would know that you helped multiple countries recover from a giant war that affected many people. including helping countries, you get to sightsee and explore them as well. from what i saw, every country has many beautiful and wonderful places to explore and see. ive seen many places in different countries such as, a castle in crete, the panama canal on my way to china, and ive even taken a gondola ride in venice, itay. i got to see these many places just by signing up in this program. that is another reason why you should participate in being a seagoing cowboy. finally, on the return trips after the animals have been unloaded, there are games that we play in the empty holds where the animals have been housed. so if you think that this job would be tireing and no fun youre wrong. we played many fun and competitive games on board such as baseball, volleyball, tabletennis, fencing, and boxing. even with an exhausting job you still have a great opportunity to have fun while still helping many countires. in conclusion, i, luke bomberger, extremely recommend being a seagoing cowboy. not only do you get to do great things to help, you get to have fun and see the world. those are a few of the many reasons why you should join this program. being a seagoing cowboy changed my life greatly and it opened up the world to me, i have no regrets signing up for it, im sure you wont regret it too.