the advantages of the limiting cars usages  time ago cars where just a little aspect to people use . but now cars are an obsesion, a way to go anywhere without walk , the car has become the foot of society in adiction of it . streets parking , driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experiment new distric on the outskirts of freiburg, near the french and swiss borders. vaubans streets are completely carfree, except the main thoroughfare, where the tram to downtown freiburg runs and a few streets on one edge of community. that is one of the mainly reason why cars are becoming the food of society. but people dont know that they are wrong because it has become an obsesion and we all are making our future and if we still like this is not going to be good, because in  is a good example os growing trend in europe ,the united states and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto use , as a component of a movement called smart planning. another situation that comes to this theme is the reduce of greenhouse gas emmission from tailpipes cause to by the ecsecive use of cars in society . the passenger cars are responsible for  percent of greenhouse gas emission in europe what some peoples should say ist that much of greenhouse gas emission but believed or not its and no body make sence of it thats why is an adventage the limiting cars usage in any place not just in one , because here in the unite states is up to  persent in some carintencive areas and that is someting to really worry about. vauban , home to , recidents within a rectangular square mile ,may be the most advance experiment in low car suburban life. david goldberg , an official of transportation for america , a fast growing coalition of hungreds of groups in the united states ,who are promoting new communities thhat are less dependent on cars what is good in so many aspects less greenhouse gas emission ,more fisicly effors by people and less adiction to cars that is what society has now like mr. goldberg added how much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid.