in foreign countries, residents appear to prefer suburban areas with no vehicles than urban areas with the sound of motors filling the air. german suburb, life goes on without cars by elisabeth rosenthal, paris bans driving due to smog by robert duffer, and carfree day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by andrew selsky, and the end of car culture by elisabeth rosenthal talk about the bannishment, or the nonuse, of cars. these foreign counties are making new ways to create a more modern, peaceful, safe and healthy life for all of us. in vauban, germany, residents do not use cars, they gave up their cars. street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in thi experimental new district on the outskirts of freiburg, near the french and swiss borders, stated source , vaubans streets are completely carfree  except the main thoroughfare, wher the tram to downtown freiburg runs, a few streets on the edge of community. residents would simply sell their cars, put them in the large garages or where a carowner buys a space. heidrun walter, mother of two, said when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way. paris, due to how polluted the air, partially banned the use of cars. on monday, source  states, motorists with evennumbered license plates were ordered leave their cars at home or suffer a euro fine . the same would apply to oddumbered plates the following day. , drivers were fined. ever since paris banned the use of cars, congestion went down  percent. deisel fuel was blamed since france favors them. paris banned cars for the health of its residents. in bogota, colombia, there was a program that was used once every year. it was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital of  million. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. violators faced  fines, stated source . later on, two other colombian cities participated, cali and valledupar. authorities from other countires came to check out the event. these people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders, said enrique riera, the mayor of asuncion, paraguay. in the united states, each year less cars are being bought and driven. when adjusted for growth, the number of miles driven in the united states peaked and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis by doug short of advisor perspectives, an investment research company, stated source . most young drivers do not care which car they drive, its mostly about the freedom they get to have a driver. the u.s. might consider wether to make ta decision about the decreasig of cars.