the article presents good information for the pros and cons of driverless cars. the high advances of of televison and movies has been fascinated with driverless cars. not all companies agree on the idea of driverless cars therefore the price of these cars will be very high. the article states that humans will still have to be in the drivers seat of these cars incase there is a problem or a human needed activity is ahead such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. the cars will have many options for the driver and for the car itself such as being warned when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. this new technology could help to reduce the likeliness of accidents to occur. the article also includes mentioning the laws about these new cars. in most states it is illegal to even test drive computer driven cars. in regards to the previous sentence, we can hypothesize that even though some states will approve the test driving of these vehicles, does not mean that they will allow them to be sold to the public in that state. a question that the article mentions is if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at faultthe driver or the manufacturer? different judges can opose the idea of it being the cars fault because there is never a proven way to know that the technology will always be able to withstand any problems. the new technology could be considered boring for those who enjoy driving and can do so in a safe manor. yes, this could become boring waiting for your turn to be able to drive. the companies making these vehicles are not trying to make it easier to drive for the driver such as when someone has to drive for hours at a time. they are making these improvements to some vehicles to make driving on the road safer especially for new drivers. warnings are a great thing these cars of capable of, such as warning you when you are about to back up into something. once again, there are many pros and cons to the driverless cars. the price of these cars will definitly be expensive, but they will be a great thing to own if you are new to driving, or you feel the need to be safe. in the future, these cars may be a requirement by law and the human driveable cars may be no longer in the making.