would you want a driverless car? while driverless vehicles may seem cool, there are reasons to why they arent the best invention . driverless cars arent exactly the best invention because technlogy does and will fail, they still require human attention, and they tamper with driving laws. driverless cars rely highly on technology. technology always seems to find a way to misfunction. the more we rely on technology the more dangerous situations we are put in.we already have repairmen for mechanical functions of vehicles, but with driverless cars we would need different repairsmen that are practically technicians. driverless cars seem cool because you dont have to actually pay attention and drive. so you think. driverless cars still require that humans pay attention. some have sensors that make sure the driver still has his or her hands on the steering wheel. many crashes today are mostly because the human was not paying attention. so why would we allow the human to pay even less attention to the road? these cars can easily alter humans into thinking that they dont have to pay attention to things as much. there is no point in having a driverless car if the driver still has to pay attention to the road. driverless cars oppose many driving laws. presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all timesparagraph . still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accidentparagraph . in some states, driverless cars are not allowed to be tested, mostly for safety reasons. if the technology in a driverless car fails and creates a crash, who is repsonsible for the crash, the human in the car, or the car manufacturer? this question alone can create many arguments. do you still want to try a driverless car? there is a lot of evidence to support how driverless cars arent a smart invention. some reasons that support the claim against driverless cars are the fact that technology isnt fully efficient, driverless cars still require human interaction in order to function properly, and driverless cars challenge current driving laws.