the suggestions of the auther studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is well backed up by alot of inforamtion and knoweldge about venus . venus being so close to almost being the same as earth is why studying the planet isnt a bad idea . astronomers are eager to study or learn more about venus is because the planet may be well once have been the most earth like planet in the solar system . scientist believe that long ago venus was proably cover by some features that earth has . the features from having surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys , mountains , and craters . although venus is intresting to study or learn about is pretty amazing , it is not as easy as you think it is . venus can be really dangerous . venus being so close to earth sometimes , humans have sent numerous spacecraft to our sister planet known as venus . reportedly that even though many spacecrafts have been sent to venus no spacecraft has survived the landing . this may be the reason why it is not very safe for humans. venus atmophere is almost  percent carbon dioxide . there is more dangerous elements in venus like atmophere .the cloud are highly of corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmophere . the temperture can be a danger in the fact that the planets surface temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit . also the atmosphere pressure is  times greater than what people experieance in earth . venus has teh hottest surface tempereture of any planet in our solar system . there has been many ideas of to get a spacecraft to venus safely , one of those ideas is to float above the fray of venus . however peering at venus from a spaceship orbiting or huver the planet safely is only going to give scienttsit the the features of only limited insight on the groung or the surface of venus . scientist thinks hovering or floating around venus fray is not really a good study is because they cannot get smaples of rocks , gas , or anything else from that far of a distance . there has been many approaches when it comes to visting our sister planet , one example is the mechanical computers . this device was fisrt envisioned in the s and played an imporatant rle in the s during the world war ii . although these ideas may not be proven to work the curiosity will continue later on. one day the knowledge and information scientist already have of venus will be the the reason there is going to be a possible solution of getting to our sister planet safely . from the value of venus not only because human curiosity will likely lead the human kind to many other intimindiating endeavors . risks will be made for the human kind to visit our sister planet , despite the danger , venus is should be a worthy pursuit of studies .