the way the author supported his claims were ways of providing examples. he defined his examples in a way to make worth of pursuiting venus despite its dangers. he did this by comparing them to the actual project of the challenge of exploring venus. first off, he explains that venus is our neighboring planet. despite of venus being close to earth we dont know much about it. however, later in the article he mentions something interesting that catches most peoples eye. he mentions, long ago, venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. this caught my eye, especially, because it goes with the idea of venus being an interesting and worthy pursuit to discover and learn from. despite of venus having no life and probably not worth to look at. but all of that changes when he states how the conditions actually are. furthermore, as said in the question, despite all of the dangers, it will be worth to study venus. since well be able to know what actually happened long ago. in paragraph three the author states, a thick atmosphere of almost  percent carbon dioxide blankets venus, also he states, on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit. these are the dangers of venus. when considering to send some sort of probe or satellite to investigate this planet these are the circumstances we must consider. the way he incoorperates this idea fully just shows how incredible and extreme these conditions are, to even try and land a rover on venus. lastly, in paragraph five the author starts explaining ways to study and investigate venus without having to worry about its weather extremes. the author explains, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. he shows us that it has even more worth to study venus. we are now able to study venus but at a different angle. this ties in with his idea of pursuiting venus because we have the chance to find out more about it. even though it is not the best insight of venus, gives a perfect example that every little detail we learn about venus is important and nteresting. tying all his claims together, he shows us that venus is worth the danger to pursuit the planet. the way he compared and contrasted with each detail supports his claim strongly. as the author states, not easy conditions, but survivable for humas. meaning it is not going to be easy, but it is definitely possible.