exploring new places studying the planets is a amazing thing, said my science teacher. when studying the planets there is a lot of information to take in. the atomposhere on earth is very different from the atmosphere in space. in the challenge of exploring venus, the author suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. scientists should study venus because it has similarites to earth, they have the idea of sending humans to venus, and also studying the dangers of venus can help scientists conclude their idea of what it is like there. venus is known as earths twin. in the challenge of exploring venus it states in paragraph  today, venus still ahs some features that are analogous to those on earth. this proves that venus has some identical features to those that earth has. it also states in paragraph  the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. this also proves that venus has some similar characteristics like earth. this is how the earth is similar to venus and why scientist should continue to study the planet, consdering its dangers. the idea of sending humans to venus is a topic up for debate by many scientists. in the challenge of exploring venus the author explains how nasa has the idea of sending humans to venus. it states in paragraph  nasas possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. this shows how scientists have come up with a way to send humans to venus, even though no human has set foot on another planet. the author also states in paragraph  solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not excceed earth levels. this also shows how the radiation of venus is not much different than earths and it would not exceed higher on venus, so a human would be safe from radiation on venus. sending humans to venus is another reason why the author suggests studying venus is a worthy pursiut even though it has many dangers. with many great exeptions of studying venus and sending humans there, the author also shows the dangers of venus. in the challenge of exploring venus the author states in paragraph  on the planets surface, temperatures average over  degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is  times greater than what we experience on our own planet. this proves that is dangerous to travel to venus with high tempertures that would burn a human alive. the author also states in paragraph  also notable, venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though mercury is closer to our sun. this also proves that venus has expentionally high temperatures that no human can face. these are the dangers that the author takes into consideration when sending humans to venus. in conclusion, the author from the challenge of exploring venus suggests that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. after evaluating the article, the author supports the idea of studing venus. scinetists should study venus because it has similarities to earth, they have the idea of sending humans to venus, and also studying the dangers of venus can help scientists conclude their idea of what it is like there.