driverless cars are the way of the future. as all things do, they have their pros as well as their cons. the driverless car could potentially put taxi services out of business, however, put new jobs out there for mechanics or service people for these cars. the driverless car would eliminate the dread of long drives to far distance places as well as save in fuel economy. people will see driverless cars in a decade or less and this is why. a driverless car is optimal for more reasons than not. it gets rid of dreaded cars rides and makes crashes much less often. a computer can comprehend things much quicker than a human can and therefore, could prevent a crash by simply realizing another car is headed towards it before a human could even recognize danger. a huge thing on these cars is the safety. the cars themselves are not  percent driverless as they need people to ocassionaly take the wheel in tough spot situations like a crash or up and down driveways. a person could be watching something entertaining and the car could instantly turn it off when they need to take the wheel. as stated in the text, a cellphone could not do this. another pinpoint on safety could allow the car to watch the driver to make sure he or she or paying attention to the road in need for the driver to take over. this would prevent a driver from falling asleep at the wheel or simply not paying attention to the road. the only major thing preventing these cars from getting in the hands of people is the law. most states do not allow selfdriving cars to be driven legally on roads. but soon, other states will legalize this when the cars become more reliable and safe. the driverless car will start a new era in the world of technology. people will begin to realize that the human race has come a very long way. the cars themselves are very safe as tesla has said, but the people dont have their trust in them yet. when the people believe that the cars are reliable, they will become legal in all states and everyone will be able to get their hands on one. the people have the power to say that the cars are safe by simply saying that they are. if everyone agrees they are okay, then they are. in , drivers will become skilled workers and the common man will not drive.