imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions. the author of this article explains why emotional technology is helpful. looking in perspective of people in school, in work, or just living people are creating technology that is more intelligent than the smartest person in the world. seeing what life has come to now, why not add another ingredient to making artificial intelligence work more and make our lives a little less complicated. along with several other opinions, others should also think of the great posibilities this could have in store for the future. starting off, this new emotional technology could be very useful in plenty of ways leading to just knowing instead of the unknown. as said in the article, then dr. huang relies on the work of psychologists, such as dr. paul eckman, creator of facs facial action coding system. eckman has classified six basic emotionshappiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadnessand then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. using psychologistss intelligence, the technology will be pretty accurate due to the research and major ability of the creators. readers may say, plenty of people make plenty of different facial expression and emotional expression!, but according to a psychologists claim he agrees to disagree. the facial expressions for each emotion are universal, observes dr. huang... paragraph , line  using video imagery, the new emotionrecognition software tracks these facial movementsin a real face or in the painted face of mona lisa. paragraph , line  taking from those quotes, there is thechnology for all of the worries in the world! one of the worries could include the relationships. those worries include friendships, love, family, etc. the author said in the article, for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. people may have friends that hardly open up or just need help, but dont know how to talk about issues concerning themselves or the relationship. normally people could tell if something is wrong because of the time span of the relationship, but if they cant they can rely on this technology. yet dr. huang observes that artists such as da vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions. his new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. the facial expression of the companion that people may have may be different, but this new technology can make relationships way less confusing. involving communication, as said in the article, they even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one. this quote proves that communicationa and relationships can benefit from this new age technology. a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, dr. huang predicts. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. yes, the new computer science can make education more efficient. it seems as if the technology would be used in a classroom both the teachers and students could benefit. while teachers are doing their job students will either be intent and getting the main idea, or be bored and confused. the same technology can make computeranimated faces more expressivefor video games or video surgery. students can have a more fun and easy education with new software for classes like computer science, anatomy, etc. in conclusion, whether people want this technology for school, work, or just plain life it is suitable. the future of many people could benefit in the use of emotional truth behind many things like family aspects, political aspects, or commercial aspects. having this technology could eventually lead to better learning industries and just a better future for people in general.