have you ever wondered what the face on the moon actually is? it is a huge rock formation. the rock formation certianly looks like a face, but this does not mean that there is life on mars. the rock formation has been brought very much attention. the attention has people asking if the face is evidence for life on mars or just a natural formaion. as said in the article, meanwhile, defenders of the nasa budget wish there was an ancient civilization on mars. this tells us that the defenders of the nasa budget tells you that if nasa found life on mars they would most likely tell it. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. this sentence is telling us that a web surfer found the image of the face to be a natural formation. both of these support my claim of the face being a natural formation. evidence that supports my claims are in the article. there was no alien monument after all. thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a jpl web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on marsevidence that nasa would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. nasa also unveiled an image for the people to see and it was captioned, huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. when some people keep saying that it looks like a face it sure does, but it is not one. the face on mars is nothing more than a natural rock formation. the rock formaiton doesnt show any evidence for life and if it did, nasa would tell everyone. when someone is reading things from magazines, the internet, etc, it does not mean they are always going to be true. people need to not blindly trust the internet, magazine, etc, they need to do more research. the face is a natural rock formation. it has had lots of questions raised about what it is, but we have figured out now that it is a rock formation. this is no evidence for life on mars, we still have yet to find that. nasa has let us with the truth of what the face actaully is. the face we see on mars is a rock formation now kids know the truth about what it truly is and now so do you.