personsonaly, i think that being able to read students emotion would help in the classroon more for the teacher than the other students. it may show when the student is unhappy, tred, mad, or sad. believe it or not i think this is huge especially in a classroom. in the exerpt it says that mona lisa is  percent happy,  percent disgusted,  percent fearful, and  percent angry. two minuets ago i would have never guessed that, but its a good thing to know that. if it were to be a student, to knwo that heshe is maybe angry is very helpful in that it shows that we cant push them or tell them to do something the same way we normally would. we need to descelate the situation and make this person more on the happy side before we do anything else. yes it is a little odd to think that a humans facial structure can be generated on on a comuter, but at the same time it was only amatter of time before this would happen. in fact, this happens all the time for movies and video games. the face has  muscles and the computers generatin of the face must have the same exact  muscles in it in order to read and produce a human like analyzation of a face. weather what we have right now is that acurate, im not sure, but what i do know is that it is impresive. people like dr. huang relie on the work of a psychologist like dr. paul eckman who is the creator of facs which stands for facial action coding system. the exerpt says that eckman has descovered the following emotions due to the muscle movements. happy, sad, angry, disgust, fear, and sadness. the example given in the text is the frontal pars lateralis muscle or above your eyes rise when you are suprised. overall i do believe that this would be helpfull to read a students emotion to show how to aproach him or her and to show what to say and how to say it. everything is dependent on how you say things nowadays. if you say one thing wrong that person may go off on you or may take it really well you just never know, but if that person is angry then you may want to aproach that person with care instead of just going at them full speed.