Become a subscribing member today. Help us continue to bring “the science of a meaningful life” to you and to millions around the globe. Greater GoodScience Center•Magazine•In Action•In Education Coming up with a formal definition of happiness can be tricky. After all, shouldn’t we just know it when we feel it? In fact, we often use the term to describe a range of positive emotions, including amusement, joy, pride, and contentment. But to understand the causes and effects of happiness, researchers first need to define it. For most, the termhappinessis interchangeable with “subjective well-being,” which is typically measured by asking people about how satisfied they feel with their lives (evaluative), how much positive and negative emotion they tend to feel (affective), and their sense of meaning and purpose (eudaimonic). In her 2007 bookThe How of Happiness, positive psychology researcher Sonja Lyubomirsky elaborates, describing happiness as “the experience of joy, contentment, or positive well-being, combined with a sense that one’s life is good, meaningful, and worthwhile.” However, it’s important to note that social and cultural factors also influence how we think about happiness. For example,studiesby William Tov and others have found that people from cultures that embrace more collectivist ideals think about happiness more in terms of harmony and contentment, while more individualistic-minded people connect it to feelings of exuberance and joy. Happiness levels are also shaped by social groups, like families; happier people increase the happiness of people around them. Though people around the world have different ways of thinking about happiness and perhaps even experience it in different ways, most involve feeling positive generally and about life overall. Can feeling good ever be bad? New research says yes—and points the way to a healthier,… A new paper finds that cultivating a diversity of emotions—positive or negative—can… Social conditions and inequality affect well-being. So, why do we keep insisting "happiness… This month, cultivate habits that nourish you. Organizing and getting rid of some of your belongings can be a satisfying way to feel better and practice gratitude and mindfulness. Researchers explain how Ontario's Basic Income Pilot affected people's mental health—and what happened when it was cancelled early. A new book offers a potential alternative to aiming for a happy or a meaningful life. Research finds that kinder countries are happier. Which are the kindest countries around the world? Researchers found that you need six peak experiences per day for long-term thriving—and with new technologies, you can easily monitor yours. Many studies have found that happiness actuallyimprovesother aspects of our lives. Here is an overview ofsome of the good stuffthat research has linked to happiness. Of course, there will be times in life when happiness feels out of reach. That’s OK. Our unpleasant emotions are appropriate responses to difficult situations; they’re there to guide our responses and help us make meaning from challenges and adversity. Indeed, there is agreat deal of researchsuggesting that trying to feel orfalsely expresshappiness in bad situations is harmful to mental and physical health—and that striving to feel constantly happy can actually diminish your overall happiness in life. Multiple studiessuggestthat experiencing and embracing a range of emotions, not just the positive ones, is good for our mental and physical health. It’s also important to note that injury and illness can make happiness harder to achieve. For example, concussions and long COVID are both associated with depression. In short, happiness in life is a worthy aspiration, and there are benefits to feeling happy—but it’s not realistic or healthy to expect a constant stream of positive emotions. When you do feel unhappy, it’s important to listen to that signal. Perhaps it’s time to change what you’re doing or thinking, seek support from a friend or therapist, or work to address a challenge you are facing. During especially hard times in life, suggests the research, you mightlook for meaningorpsychological richnessin your experiences, instead of trying to force yourself to be happier. “Aim for noticing how you really feel right at that moment—and embrace all your diverse feelings,”suggestsJames Baraz. This will pave the way to happiness down the line. This month, cultivate habits that nourish you. Organizing and getting rid of some of your belongings can be a satisfying way to feel better and practice gratitude and mindfulness. Researchers explain how Ontario's Basic Income Pilot affected people's mental health—and what happened when it was cancelled early. A new book offers a potential alternative to aiming for a happy or a meaningful life. Research finds that kinder countries are happier. Which are the kindest countries around the world? Researchers found that you need six peak experiences per day for long-term thriving—and with new technologies, you can easily monitor yours. Our happiness is shaped by genetics, life experience, social forces,  and culture, as well as individual choices. While your control over most of those domains is limited, there are steps you can take on a personal level to increase your chances of experiencing happiness in life. And all of us can act to change culture and address inequalities that affect happiness on a collective level. Here are some of the keys to happiness identified by researchers, along with some specific, science-based activities for strengthening skills of happiness, in ourselves and in society. Build relationships:Perhaps the dominant finding from happiness research is thatsocial connectionsare fundamental. Try these practices to strengthen trust, mutual support, and affection in your relationships: Practice different kinds of appreciation.Life can be hard, because negative events and emotions are inevitable. But we can bolster our resilience by shining the light of our attention on the good things. Pay attention.Studiesfind that people who practicemindfulness—the moment-by-moment awareness of our thoughts, feelings, and external circumstances—score higher on measures of happiness, and lower on measures of anxiety and distress. Practice kindness.Researchers believe generosity feels good because it highlights and incentivizes positive social interactions and strengthens the social bonds that support happiness. Here are some ways to be kind. Move your body—and then rest.Exerciseisn’t just good for our bodies; it’s good for our happiness. So is sleep! Address inequalities.More egalitarian countries consistently rank among the happiest in the world—and there is evidence thateconomic, racial, and genderinequalityhurtsthehappiness of disadvantaged groups. Fortunately, there are steps we can take to address these inequalities. Of course, happiness-boosting activitiesdon’t work equally well for everyone. Understanding yourself better can help you choose practices and exercises that align with your personality, your situation, and your goals. This month, cultivate habits that nourish you. Organizing and getting rid of some of your belongings can be a satisfying way to feel better and practice gratitude and mindfulness. Researchers explain how Ontario's Basic Income Pilot affected people's mental health—and what happened when it was cancelled early. A new book offers a potential alternative to aiming for a happy or a meaningful life. Research finds that kinder countries are happier. Which are the kindest countries around the world? Researchers found that you need six peak experiences per day for long-term thriving—and with new technologies, you can easily monitor yours. This month, cultivate habits that nourish you. How happy are you when you’re on the clock? Revisiting everyday experiences can bring you more joy than you might expect. Consider what you want to make space for in your life in this six-minute contemplation guided by Alex Elle. The Greater Good Science Center studies the psychology, sociology, and neuroscience of well-being, and teaches skills that foster a thriving, resilient, and compassionate society. © 2025 The Greater Good Science Center at the University of California, Berkeley
