Numbers, Facts and Trends Shaping Your World Read our research on: Full Topic List Read Our Research On: | Pew Research Center conducted this study to better understand public views on the importance of a four-year college degree. The study also explores key trends in the economic outcomes of young adults among those who have and have not completed a four-year college degree. The analysis in this report is based on three data sources. The labor force, earnings, hours, household income and poverty characteristics come from the U.S. Census Bureau’s Annual Social and Economic Supplement of the Current Population Survey. The findings on net worth are based on the Federal Reserve’s Survey of Consumer Finances. The data on public views on the value of a college degree was collected as part of a Center survey of 5,203 U.S. adults conducted Nov. 27 to Dec. 3, 2023. Everyone who took part in the survey is a member of Pew Research Center’s American Trends Panel (ATP), an online survey panel that is recruited through national, random sampling of residential addresses. Address-based sampling ensures that nearly all U.S. adults have a chance of selection. The survey is weighted to be representative of the U.S. adult population by gender, race, ethnicity, partisan affiliation, education and other categories. Read more about theATP’s methodology. Here are thequestions used for this report, along with responses, and thesurvey’s methodology. Young adultsrefers to Americans ages 25 to 34. Noncollege adultsinclude those who have some college education as well as those who graduated from high school but did not attend college. Adults who have not completed high school are not included in the analysis of noncollege adults. About 6% of young adults have not completed high school. Trends in some labor market outcomes for those who have not finished high school areimpacted by changes in the foreign-born shareof the U.S. population. The Census data used in this analysis did not collect information on nativity before 1994. Some collegeincludes those with an associate degree and those who attended college but did not obtain a degree. Thesome college or lesspopulation refers to adults who have some college education, those with a high school diploma only and those who did not graduate high school. Afull-time, full-yearworker works at least 50 weeks per year and usually 35 hours a week or more. Thelabor forceincludes all who are employed and those who are unemployed but looking for work. Thelabor force participation rateis the share of a population that is in the labor force. Young adultsliving independentlyrefers to those who are not living in the home of either of their parents. Household incomeis the sum of incomes received by all members of the household ages 15 and older. Income is the sum of earnings from work, capital income such as interest and dividends, rental income, retirement income, and transfer income (such as government assistance) before payments for such things as personal income taxes, Social Security and Medicare taxes, union dues, etc. Non-cash transfers such as food stamps, health benefits, subsidized housing and energy assistance are not included. As household income is pretax, it does not include stimulus payments or tax credits for earned income and children/dependent care. Net worth,or wealth, is the difference between the value of what a household owns (assets) and what it owes (debts). All references to party affiliation include those who lean toward that party. Republicans include those who identify as Republicans and those who say they lean toward the Republican Party. Democrats include those who identify as Democrats and those who say they lean toward the Democratic Party. At a time when many Americans are questioning the value of a four-year college degree, economic outcomes for young adults without a degree are improving. After decades of falling wages, young U.S. workers (ages 25 to 34) without a bachelor’s degree have seen their earnings increase over the past 10 years. Their overall wealth has gone up too, and fewer are living in poverty today. Things have also improved for young college graduates over this period. As a result, thegap in earningsbetween young adults with and without a college degree has not narrowed. The public has mixed views on the importance of having a college degree, and many have doubts about whether the cost is worth it, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. These findings come amidrising tuition costsandmounting student debt. Views on the cost of college differ by Americans’ level of education. But even among four-year college graduates, only about a third (32%) say college is worth the cost even if someone has to take out loans – though they are more likely than those without a degree to say this. Four-year college graduates (58%) are much more likely than those without a college degree (26%) to say their education was extremely or very useful in giving them the skills and knowledge they needed to get a well-paying job. (This finding excludes the 9% of respondents who said this question did not apply to them.) Views on the importance of college differ widely by partisanship.Republicans and Republican-leaning independents are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say: At the same time that the public is expressing doubts about the value of college, a new Center analysis of government data finds young adults without a college degree are doing better on some key measures than they have in recent years. A narrow majority of workers ages 25 to 34 do not have a four-year college degree (54% in 2023). Earnings for these young workers mostly trended downward from the mid-1970s until roughly a decade ago. Outcomes have been especially poor for young men without a college degree. Other research has shown that this group sawfalling labor force participation and sagging earnings starting in the early 1970s, but the last decade has marked a turning point. This analysis looks at young men and young women separately because of their different experiences in the labor force. Fresh data delivered Saturday mornings Weekly updates on the world of news & information Topics 901 E St. NW, Suite 300Washington, DC 20004USA(+1) 202-419-4300 | Main(+1) 202-857-8562 | Fax(+1) 202-419-4372 |Media Inquiries ABOUT PEW RESEARCH CENTERPew Research Center is a nonpartisan, nonadvocacy fact tank that informs the public about the issues, attitudes and trends shaping the world. It does not take policy positions. The Center conducts public opinion polling, demographic research, computational social science research and other data-driven research. Pew Research Center is a subsidiary ofThe Pew Charitable Trusts, its primary funder. © 2025 Pew Research Center
