As the highest court in the nation, the U.S. Supreme Court has shaped the rights and
				freedoms of Americans since the Founding. Justia provides a free collection of all U.S.
				Supreme Court decisions from 1791 to the present. We also offer opinion summaries, briefs,
				oral argument audio, and resources that provide a panoramic view of each case in its context. Feliciano v. Department Of Transportation
								(April 30, 2025)A reservist is entitled to differential pay when they serve on active duty while a national emergency is ongoing, without proving that their service bears a substantive connection to a particular national emergency. A reservist is entitled to differential pay when they serve on active duty while a national emergency is ongoing, without proving that their service bears a substantive connection to a particular national emergency. Advocate Christ Medical Center v. Kennedy
								(April 29, 2025)For the purposes of the Medicare fraction, an individual is entitled to SSI benefits when she is eligible to receive an SSI cash payment during the month of her hospitalization. For the purposes of the Medicare fraction, an individual is entitled to SSI benefits when she is eligible to receive an SSI cash payment during the month of her hospitalization. Velazquez v. Bondi
								(April 22, 2025)The 60-day voluntary departure deadline in 8 U.S.C. §1229c(b)(2) extends to the next business day if it falls on a weekend or legal holiday. The 60-day voluntary departure deadline in 8 U.S.C. §1229c(b)(2) extends to the next business day if it falls on a weekend or legal holiday. Cunningham v. Cornell University
								(April 17, 2025)To state a claim under §1106 of ERISA, a plaintiff does not need to plead that §1108(b)(2)(A) does not apply to an alleged transaction between a plan and a party in interest. To state a claim under §1106 of ERISA, a plaintiff does not need to plead that §1108(b)(2)(A) does not apply to an alleged transaction between a plan and a party in interest. Trump v. J. G. G.
								(April 7, 2025)Detainees subject to removal orders under the Alien Enemies Act are entitled to notice and an opportunity to challenge their removal, but venue lies in the district of confinement. Detainees subject to removal orders under the Alien Enemies Act are entitled to notice and an opportunity to challenge their removal, but venue lies in the district of confinement. Get free summaries of newU.S. Supreme Courtopinions delivered to your inbox!
