Meditation can serve as a path to improved self-awareness, compassion, and health and wellness. The practice also has a slew of benefits for your mental health: it reduces stress and anxiety, helps you cope with your worries, increases your inner peace, and boosts your mood. What Is Meditation? Meditation is an ancient practice that involves focusing or clearing your mind using a combination of mental and physical techniques, such as breathing exercises, repeating a mantra, or focusing on an object, sound, or sensation. Meditation has many benefits for mental health and overall well-being and can easily be done anywhere and in a variety of ways. There’s no one correct way to meditate, and you can adapt the practice to your personal comforts and mental wellness goals. Different Types of Meditation Prayer Although many people don’t realize it, traditional prayer is considered a type of spiritual meditation. No matter your religion or denomination, practicing prayer is beneficial for spiritual growth and finding a deeper connection to your higher power. It can also help you feel relaxed, centered, and at peace, give you a sense of purpose, and help you look beyond your troubles. Prayer can be done anywhere—in your place of worship, outside, in your home, and alone or with others. Mindfulness Meditation Mindfulness focuses on being present and aware of the current moment and not stressing or worrying about the past or the future. When practicing mindfulness, the purpose is to explore and unleash your natural curiosity, without passing judgment on the thoughts that pass through your mind or what you’re experiencing through your senses. Mindfulness combines concentration on the present with awareness of your bodily sensations, thoughts, and feelings. Loving-Kindness Meditation Loving-kindness meditation works to strengthen your feelings of compassion, kindness, and acceptance toward yourself and others. To practice loving-kindness meditation, you open your mind to receive love from others and then send well wishes to loved ones, friends, acquaintances, or even all living things. This type of meditation may be most effective for anyone who is harboring feelings of anger, bitterness, or resentment and wants to work toward acceptance and forgiveness. People often practice loving-kindness meditation by repeating phrases that express compassion, goodwill, or empathy. Guided Meditation In guided meditation, a teacher, recording, or app guides you through a meditation practice. This type of meditation can be effective for beginners who don’t know where to begin or those who find the silence of solo meditation difficult or overwhelming. It can also be helpful for those who struggle to stay focused or whose minds tend to wander. Mental Health Benefits of Meditation How to Get Started with Meditation ⚠ Your browser is out of date. To get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.
