Check out our latest tips for looking after your mental health. Happiness is a unique emotional experiencefor each of us, which can make it tricky to define. If we are to speak generally, happiness can be summed up by two main components: Happiness is more than the absence of sadness, as it speaks to our overall sense of purpose and satisfaction in life. We can experience happiness, while still feeling indifferent, disconnected or numb. Whilst it’s important to recognise we cannot, and should not, be aiming to be ‘happy’ 100% of the time, our wellbeing is reliant on experiencing happiness from time to time. That is, experiencing positive, enjoyable emotions, and feeling connected to a sense of contentment in our lives. Experiencing happiness is important for our emotional and physical health. A stronger sense of happiness and wellbeing has been shown to lead to better relationships, increase social connection and contribution to the lives of others, as well as contributing to healthier physical wellbeing.  Wellbeing is fundamental to our happiness and life satisfaction.Wellbeing is a combination of factors that make us feel physically, mentally, socially and emotionally healthy. On the other hand, happiness comes from within us. It is dependent on what we think, feel and do. This means we aren’t just a product of our genes and our circumstances, but we areactive drivers in how happy we feel. We will all experience hardship at some point in our lives.It’s our response to it that makes the difference.Thankfully, we have the ability to break free from common traps or obstacles that are blocking our happiness by learning new coping skills. Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT)-based coping skills are taught in all of our treatment programs. Like the name suggests, CBT targets the cognitions (i.e. things you think) and behaviours (i.e. things you do) that contribute to conditions like stress, anxiety and depression. These skills teach you to how torespond to negative emotions in a healthy way. Working on your happiness can contribute to your overall wellbeing – and the wellbeing of those around you. There has been a lot of excellent research looking into happiness, how we experience it, and importantly, what we can do to build and maintain our own happiness and wellbeing. Key strategies identified in the research body include: It’s a real challenge that many of us are time-poor, with demands and responsibilities across our home and work-life that can sometimes feel never-ending. But it’s so important to prioritise time for the things that bring us connection, joy and happiness. The good news is, we can do this in creative ways each day even amongst the busyness of life. Prioritising your happiness will mean you’rebetter equipped to face the day-to-day challengeswhen they arise, and connect us to purpose and meaning in our lives. It can help to look at your current routine and see if you can bring in mindfulness, enjoyment or self-care in a way that doesn’t add additional time. For example, can you call your friend or family during your morning commute to catch up? Can you enjoy a playlist of your favourite music whilst cooking dinner in the evening? Perhaps you can find one evening a week to try a new hobby? It can also help to look at our lifestyle to see if there’s room to improve our happiness, for example, practice good sleep hygiene and regular sleep/wake times. Sometimes justmaking a small adjustment can improve our happiness. Start a gratitude journal:Reflecting on good things that happened in your day can give you an instant mood boost, no matter how big or small. Extra sleep:Researchfrom the University of Michigan found that getting just an extra hour of sleep every night will make you happier than earning a $60,000 raise for the year! If you’re struggling with sleep, take a look at our freeInsomnia Program. Practise mindfulness:Short mindfulness practice every day can help us realise that we are not our thoughts or emotions. If you’d like to learn how to stay focused on the present moment, take a look at our freeMindfulness Program. If you’re unsure of how you’re feeling today, you could try our anonymousTake-a-Test Toolto see which online program(s) might best suit your needs. Interested in learning more? Practicing gratitude allows us to accept our current situation, appreciate the good qualities in ourselves (and others) and helps us to feel happier. Stay in Touch! Subscribe to our newsletter to receive updates on new programs, research, and evidence-based therapeutic activities to improve your well-being, straight to your inbox. THIS WAY UP is a trusted Australian provider of evidence-based, internet-delivered Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (iCBT) programs. As a not-for-profit and joint initiative of St Vincent’s Hospital and the University of New South Wales, our mission is to reduce the burden of mental illness by providing accessible online treatment for anxiety disorders and related mental health conditions.  THIS WAY UP is funded by the Australian Government Department of Health and Aged Care. Our site has been approved as aHead to Healthinformation partner site. Level 4, The O’Brien CentreSt. Vincent’s Hospital394-404 Victoria StreetDarlinghurst NSW 2010 [email protected] (02) 8382 1437 We wish to acknowledge the Gadigal and Bidjigal people of the Eora Nation, the traditional custodians of the land we live and work on,and pay our respects to the Elders both past and present. Copyright © St Vincent’s Hospital Sydney Limited | THIS WAY UP is a registered trade mark of St Vincent’s Hospital Sydney Limited Terms of Use Privacy About Us Blog Media Research Donate Contact
