Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’sUser Agreement,Privacy Policy, andCookie Policy. Create your free account or sign in to continue your search   or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’sUser Agreement,Privacy Policy, andCookie Policy. New to LinkedIn?Join now or New to LinkedIn?Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’sUser Agreement,Privacy Policy, andCookie Policy. LinkedIn LinkedIn is better on the app Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store. Every Friday for 78 weeks, I’ve scribbled in a square on a paper chart that’s hung on my office wall, counting down the time until I’d quit—not my job, but my 25-year corporate career in tech. When I emailed my notice and my boss called to ask where I was going, I blurted out exactly what came to mind: “I don’t want to do this anymore, so I’m not going to.” (My husband laughed, saying I might want to work on my spin.) Leaving this path once seemed inconceivable. This is a career I’ve loved, where I’ve spent years celebrating each promotion. One that’s allowed me to learn from and play in some of the biggest companies on the planet, taking me to Silicon Valley in my 20s to watch San Jose transform from apricot farms to martini bars. To New York to reimagine paper books in audio and interactive formats. To Hollywood to stream movie premiers from the Chinese Theatre red carpet. To DC to work in the executive branch with office space steps from the White House. Most recently to one of the Big Five. A career overflowing with experiences I never could’ve dreamed of while growing up in Southern Virginia, where few people went to college and, unless you were in the navy, even fewer left. A career I’ve been good at. Where I’ve made good money. Made companies good money. Learned a ton. Stretched myself. Mentored others. Tackled big messy problems. Helped create products I’m proud of, that made people smile and improved lives. Made sacred friendships. Had crazy fun. But it wasn’t fun anymore.I’d sit for hours on video calls, debating strategy, wondering if any of the heads on screen wanted to be in this conversation. I’d listen to members of some “tiger team” debating workstream processes, marveling at someone’s impassioned case on how one step would be more efficient than another. I’d diligently complete my quarterly manager paperwork, refocus the team on our KPIs, then check the stock price to calculate my next drop, months away. I’m in a funk. It will pass.Or so I told myself. Outside work, I was pulling permits to kick off a gut renovation of our 1941 colonial. That’s it: I’m stretched thin from the reno. My job is fine. I’m fine. I mean, I love my team. I love my customers, truly. We’re doing game-changing work, work that improves the world. Technology can help them. I can help them. It’s important. Objectively, my days weren’t hard: a few one-on-ones, lead a brainstorming session, write up some interview feedback, review a doc.But it was hard.Hard to get myself to use any of my life’s energy toward these tasks. Hard, but comfortable–like a pile of warm blankets, so thick I could barely breathe. Something had shifted. Just a few years back, at this same job, I’d put kids down for the night and hop back on my laptop to push projects further, not out of obligation but because I wanted to get it right, to have something ready for my team in the morning. Now I’d lie in bed in the morning, doom scrolling news feeds, waiting until the last minute to get kids off to school, as if it would somehow help me avoid my day job. I remembered my father’s insomnia when I was younger, how he’d stay up until 3 AM watching reruns of Twilight Zone. He’d say going to bed made it time to go to work. I also remembered the picnic in Central Park when my sister called to say Dad had had a stroke and I should drive the seven hours home as quickly as I could. He’d take less money with early retirement over returning to the career he’d stayed up late to avoid.Is that where I was headed, for a stroke? The comparison seemed ludicrous. My father worked a tight-deadline, high-pressure job with no time off and no health insurance.My job was awesome, by all typical standards.I was well paid, worked reasonable hours, led a team that was becoming a well-oiled machine, all in a growing field making a true difference in the world. People talked about women getting a seat at the table. I had one, with runway to go further up the ladder. I'd hit the lottery of work life. Shouldn’t I be grateful and get over it? I had valued skills. Financial security. A dream job. I remembered ten years ago, right before stepping on stage in a hot, standing-room only venue at South by Southwest, when one of my co-presenters looked at me soberly and said, “I think I’m living someone else’s dream life.” Back then, I didn’t think my job was perfect, but it was cool (I mean, we were talking about digital comics). I once felt that way about my current job. A dream job, yes–just no longer mine. I sat on the couch at night, compulsively browsing job listings. Maybe I was sick of big tech and should return to my product roots, back in-house. I identified a few interesting positions, all logical progressions of my current path: a children’s learning device, a well-known fashion house, a return to digital publishing. On two occasions, I got through an extensive multi-week interview process, staying up late to design mock products with mock presentations, until it was down to me and one other candidate. Both times, when the recruiter thanked me for my time and shared that they were going with the other finalist, I breathed a sigh of relief. What was that? When I closed my eyes to visualize the most stellar next decade on my current path–speaking on bigger stages about emerging tech, maybe becoming C-suite–the vision felt uninspiring, uninteresting, flat.Another corporate tech job didn’t feel like a cure, but a distraction, one that would eat up years of my life before this misaligned feeling would creep in again. Is this how I wanted to spend the next 20 years until retirement?Putting my life’s energy toward distractions, diligently paying my mortgage, squirreling money into a 401K, while peppering in trips to Disney World or some Caribbean island to rationalize the trade? And I don’t even want to retire, probably ever. My ever-patient husband would listen as I tossed wet tissues on the living room floor. He suggested I take a sabbatical, whatever I needed. I insisted this wasn’t burnout. Iwantedto work, to do something big.I felt a pent-up energy, a hunger to do something valuable and bold, something born uniquely from me.But how could I throw my energy at something I couldn’t name? And what did I want instead?I listened to several audiobooks and watched countless YouTube videos on finding my purpose. Create your vision and relentlessly push toward it! But what if I didn’t know what I wanted? I took the surveys. What could I talk about for hours? What would I do if money didn’t matter? If I couldn’t fail? These questions seemed off, pointing to some obvious answer that didn't seem obvious to me. Or maybe I was broken, and everyone has some secret calling except me. Anyway,wasn’t I too old for a radical career pivot? The thought of messing with my secure career felt risky. AI was finally taking off–a new wave to ride in the field of innovation. Yet, after watching another round of layoffs, my job in a cutting-edge field with a big corporation no longer seemed as sure-footed. If I didn't leave, what was I teaching my kids?They had never seen Pre-Parent Me, the Me who tried to seize every opportunity. The one who popped into a recruiting event in my grad school gym in Pittsburgh and left having taken an internship three thousand miles away in California. The one who, after unsuccessfully trying to get a job in New York, bought a 1920s yellow Craftsman and a Yorkie in Raleigh–only to put that house up for sale six months later when an incredible job in Manhattan came through (taking the Yorkie, Oscar the Wilde). Our kids would only be kids a few more years. Was I missing it, taking video calls in the basement? In my 20s and 30s, life seemed to overflow with possibilities. In my upper 40s, life felt repetitive. Domestic. Tame.Maybe wild possibilities are for younger, less entangled people. Not for me. In between meetings, I was messaging A Man With A Van to move us to our temporary rental for our year-long renovation, while co-parenting three kids with an ex who lived five doors down. I couldn't be capricious. I felt stuck. As I stared toward 50, life seemed to be getting smaller.That felt backwards. I now had resources, skills. Knew a thing or two. Cared less what others thought. Time felt more sacred.I wanted the second half to get bigger, to feel–more magical.I wanted to participate more, connect more, love more, impact more. Put my true self out there. Experience extraordinary things. Create extraordinary things. Mess up. Laugh. To know what I could do, what Iwoulddo, without others’ expectations. Was I alone? Were my peers content collecting paychecks to order DoorDash and settle in for the second season of Severance? I was once again interrupted by a call from my sister. Is it Dad? Mom? No. Her. She had cancer. Lymphoma. I spent that next year driving the two and half hours to meet her regularly at UVA Hospital in Charlottesville, where we’d chat during hours of chemo. I’d dash off campus so she’d have something better than cafeteria coffee when she got out of her morning scan, or out to grab lunch so we could avoid the egg-salad sandwiches from the cart. (She is since in remission, thank everything holy.) I had been worrying about the boring, comfortable decades ahead of me.What if I didn’t have decades?Suddenly my current actions seemed–silly. No more hours of meetings I was no longer interested in. No more tiger teams. No more exotic vacations to compensate for my repetitive days. No more choosing jobs from online posts. No more using my finances, my skills, my health, my one life’s time and energy toward things I wasn’t fully into. No more excuses that I couldn’t find the next step. I’d create one. I saw my problem in a new light. My entire career has been helping companies find their next step, helping them dream up bold, useful, previously unimagined things. Innovation isn’t about uncovering some singular right answer and declaring eureka, or having a full vision and dogmatically pushing toward it–the old-school waterfall approach we abandoned years ago because it didn’t lead to solid outcomes. Innovation is about play, imagination, in a space of infinite possibilities. Asking better questions, having simple criteria to know which step to take next and co-creating with customers.I didn’t need some fleshed-out vision or perfect right answer. I needed to ask better questions, to play, to know my criteria for selecting from infinite possibilities, to create with others. That’s when I made the chart: a basic 6 by 9 table, each cell containing a one-week range. I’d gift myself 54 weeks, not to find my next job or make a business plan, but to discover how I wanted to use my life’s energy now, whether I had five years or fifty. I had no immediate desire to quit my job. Actually, I was thankful for it, to have space to imagine without the ticking clock of dwindling savings. And I wasn’t phoning it in either. Surprisingly,knowing my corporate time was finite removed my inner resistance to daily tasks. I could check off the company’s highest priority items without feeling the need to balance them against any quest for personal fulfillment. My KPIs soared, and I’ve had my best performance year to date. And I could compartmentalize work, leaving it all at my desk when I logged off. To hold myself accountable, I told a few friends about my time-boxed plan to find a new path, sharing a photo of the chart held tilted on my wall with blue painters tape, half-filled with colored scribbles. To my shock,several of them (THREE of the FIVE!) showed me countdowns of their own, dates timed with stock drops, marking when they hoped to quit. One was an event saved on their digital calendar, one a hand-written list of weeks to check off in a notebook, one an app on their phone’s home screen with a number that decreased each day. Sure, it was a small sample size, but what was going on? In this post-pandemic, return-to-office culture, I’m not surprised people aren’t enthused by work. But how many of my peers (actually, my limited data points were only women) were succeeding at careers while dreaming of quitting? These were people with senior roles, people well positioned to move higher up the ladder. We’d talk about how the next-level jobs didn’t sound worth the life trade (a topic I look forward to diving into in the future). Instead of lingering in bed to poke at my phone, I now woke up an hour and a half earlier, tiptoeing downstairs with my french press, training my kids that the basement (and Mom) was off limits until I came up for breakfast. I didn’t make business plans or spreadsheets.My mornings were for deprogramming how I thought about work and for discovering how to find and listen to my own voice. Waking up my imagination. Hearing and acknowledging, maybe for the first time, my honest desires for life, not the ones I was supposed to have. Even without quitting, I felt light, joyous, free. Excited. I realized I’m at the perfect age for a radical career pivot. Younger Me couldn’t have done this. Younger Me had to learn what fascinated me, what people, activities and environments lit me up. To learn what Ididn’twant. I felt so grateful for Younger Me, the one who had done the hard work of saving money, paying off student debts, honing skills, making connections, learning how to lead, learning to listen, building confidence that I could figure things out. It took the full year, while diligently scribbling in squares, to start to hear what I truly wanted and understand how I might apply that in a useful way.Rough direction in hand, I made another chart, this time for six months, 24 more squares, to make a tangible plan, timed with an end-of-year stock drop that would provide runway to fund my future income gap. We’d be moving home to our newly renovated house in December. The timing felt perfect. This time, to hold myself accountable, I shared my plans with my 10-year-old daughter.I wouldn’t back out of that. About once a month, over a bowl of Life cereal, she’d ask how it was going and if I was on track to quit at the end of the year. I was. And when December rolled around, I put in my notice. Today marks one week not being on a company’s payroll. When I look back, 78 weeks feels like a happy trade for clarity, peace and rekindled excitement.Sharing this here is my attempt to hold myself accountable, yet again. Even if no one reads this far, I hope the title alone is enough to burn my boat so I can’t wander back to corporate in six months if (when) it’s hard or I get cold feet. I’m grateful for my beautiful 25-year career to this point, for the inspiring, smart people I’ve worked with, for the customers I’ve had the honor of serving. However, I no longer feel aligned with that path.I don’t want to do it anymore, so I’m not going to. As I round the corner to 50, I don’t want to be comfortable. I want to see what I’m capable of. What I’ll do in and with this world free of others’ expectations.I want to find and connect with like-minded people who want the second half to get bigger, more magical.Those who want to create beautiful, useful, peculiar things with their unique signature (if that's you, please reach out). I don’t fully know what that looks like. The path feels dimly lit and mysterious. But something around the bend intrigues me, and feels right. An unseen path that gets created with each step. Full of wild possibilities. ✫Visionary CIO | Leading Digital Transformation in Healthcare | Expert in Cybersecurity, AI, and IT Infrastructure | Bringing Value through Innovation and Strategic Leadership |Maximizing Patient Care and Efficiency Kristin Vincentthis really hits home. So many of us reach a point where the path we worked so hard to build no longer feels like the right one but stepping into the unknown is daunting. Your story is a refreshing reminder that we don’t have to have all the answers to move forward. I love how you frame this next chapter as a space of possibility, not just a departure from what was. Wishing you clarity, excitement, and all the wild possibilities ahead!!! Business Coach | Doctors and Leaders | Love Your Life Now, Not Simply When You Retire We met in FECC. Celebrating you on this fantastic article! We should connect and catch up. CMO, CDO, CGO, Omnichannel, eCommerce, CPG General Manager, Board Member Love it!!  Kristin VincentI absolutely love this. Thank you so much for sharing. I read to the very end. Cheers to whatever you choose to do next - it will no doubt be even brighter than those first impressive 25 years of your corporate career.  I did it 3.5 years ago, can share my ups and downs To view or add a comment,sign in I begin each work day the same: I put on Phaeleh’s electronic remix of the Italian composer Ludovico Einaudi’s song… “But you’re not peculiar.” I winced. My husband leaned in as we sat at the end of a dark bar, sipping old fashioneds. “What do you want? The craziest thing… Stay updated on your professional world By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’sUser Agreement,Privacy Policy, andCookie Policy. New to LinkedIn?Join now 
