ByAmy Howeon April 30 at 2:39 p.m. It was unclear at argument on Wednesday whether the Oklahoma charter school board had the votes of five justices it would need to overturn a state supreme court ruling that barred the establishment of an explicitly Catholic charter school in the state. If the court rules for the school board, St. Isidore of Seville will become the first publicly funded religious charter school in the country. But how Chief Justice John Roberts will vote, the key decision in the case, was not obvious by the end of questioning. If the justices rule 4-4, the Oklahoma Supreme Court’s ruling blocking the school would stand. (Amy Lutz via Shutterstock) Seven transgender service members and one prospective recruit urged the Supreme Court on Thursday to leave in place a federal judge’s order that blocked the Trump administration from enforcing a policy that would prohibit anyone with gender dysphoria from serving in the military. The administration will now have the opportunity to reply, after which the justices could rule at any time. InA.J.T. v. Osseo Area Schools, the justices considered whether the standard for awarding damages when a school discriminates against a child with a disability is different from the standard for such discrimination in other contexts. Because both parties told the justices that the standard should be the same, it seems quite likely that the court will agree, leaving it to the lower courts to pick the appropriate standard. The government came to the court again on Thursday, asking the justices to clear the way for it to end protections extended to hundreds of thousands of Venezuelan citizens living in the United States under the Temporary Protected Status program. A judge in San Francisco had ruled to keep the protections in place while the case moves through the federal courts. The Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that an air traffic controller who was called up to serve on active duty in the U.S. Coast Guard “during a national emergency” is entitled to have the government pay him the difference between his civilian salary and his military pay, without having to show that his service was connected to a specific emergency. By a vote of 5-4,the court rejectedthe government’s narrower interpretation of the law at issue in the case, which would make it harder for reservists like Coast Guard reservist Nick Feliciano to recover differential pay. The justices splintered in an unusual line-up, with Justice Sonia Sotomayor joining four of her more conservative colleagues – Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh, and Amy Coney Barrett – in the majority. Each weekday, we select a short list of news articles and commentary related to the Supreme Court. Here’s the Thursday morning read:  Another day at the Supreme Court and, suitable for the way this term has gone, another case that pretty clearly does not belong before the court. The justices granted review inLaboratory Corporation of America Holdings v. Davisto decide whether a district court can certify a class action that includes claimants who in fact have not suffered any cognizable injury. Here, for example, a group of blind individuals filed suit against Labcorp when it installed automated check-in kiosks in its facilities in the COVID-19 era. The class contends that the kiosks discriminate against the blind, and the parties spent a lot of time in the district court arguing about the suitable bounds of the class. At one point, the court defined a class that excluded all who did not know about or did not want to use the kiosk, on the theory that they were not injured. Later, the district court modified the definition to include everybody who came into a clinic, whether they did or did not want to use the kiosk. The court will issue one or more opinions again this morning at 10 a.m. EDT. Join us for thelive blog. The justices will then hear oral argument in a major dispute over attempts toopen the nation’s first religious charter school. The court will consider whether a virtual Catholic charter school that would “fully embrace” the Catholic Church’s teachings can be established in Oklahoma. Each weekday, we select a short list of news articles and commentary related to the Supreme Court. Here’s the Wednesday morning read:  The Supreme Court on Tuesdayruled for the federal governmentin its dispute with a group of more than 200 hospitals over the formula used to identify and compensate hospitals that serve a large number of lower-income patients. The vote was 7-2, with Justice Amy Coney Barrett writing for the majority in a case that she described as “highly technical.” Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson dissented, joined by Justice Sonia Sotomayor. She warned that the majority’s interpretation of the law at issue “will deprive hospitals serving the neediest among us of critical federal funds that Congress plainly attempted to provide.” ©2025 SCOTUSblog
